- YouTube SEO: How I Rank #1 on YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en anyone can rank number one on YouTube you just have to know about the what I like to call KVs strategy a freestep blueprint that I've used the last 4 years to rank over 1,000 videos on YouTube resulting in over 140 million views Decay stands for keyword before you make your video you need to know which keyword you want to rank four the biggest mistake you can make is recording your video and then deciding your video keywords at the moment of uploading instead you want to research keywords to analyze if you can rank number one and then make your video now here is what a 10 out of 10 keyword would look like first of all low competition there shouldn't be big channels ranking everywhere for this keyword number two good search volume you don't want to rank for a keyword that no one searches for because that's not going to get you views anyway number three no matching keyword this is the key to ranking number one quickly even with a small Channel what this means is that there's no other video that has the exact keyword that you search for as their title here's how I find keywords like that for this I use vid IQ I go to research and then I start off by searching for a main broad keyword in my Niche let's say I make videos about editing I can search for editing as that main broad keyword then hit search you want to ignore all of this and click on matching terms what this will do is that VI Q will now show you more keywords that include the initial keyword that you search for so I have an entire list of keywords that include editing scroll through and find something that looks interesting to you to me right now that is reals video editing click on this and then once again click on matching terms this is now going to show you even more specific detailed keywords that we can potentially make a video about and rank for 3D reals video editing once again matching terms and there we go right now we're very specific 3D after effect video reals editing once you found a keyword that looks interesting copy it Go to YouTube and search for it then to do research properly you want to make sure that you've got the vid IQ extension installed we're now looking at competition search volume and the matching keyword number one ranking videos from a Channel with 10 ,000 subscribers that is pretty decent but it's not insanely big then we've got 16,000 subscribers in number two 20,000 subscribers 27,000 so overall the competition for this keyword is not extremely big then you want to open up all the videos that are ranking in the top four or five spots in a brand new tab once you've done that with VI IQ you're able to see how many views per hour this video is getting as of right now you want to confirm that for the ranking videos the number of views per hour is pretty significant which is an indication of people are still actively searching for this keyword which for this keyword is definitely the case this video is at 50 views per hour this one close to 100 the third video is also around 50 views per hour and the lowest ranking one is at 16 views per hour we've now confirmed the competition is not crazy the search volume is good as well these videos are getting good traffic which means all there's left is to see whether someone is actually using our keyword as their title so you want to copy the keyword then crl F paste the keyword in there and then you'll see how many results there are which in this case is is just one which is our search phrase right here which means there's no one that is using this exact keyword phrase as their title which means we have just found a keyword that we can easily rank number one for simply because there is traffic the competition is not big but mainly there's no one that has this exact keyword as their title which means that if we make that video with that title we're going to show up when people search for this which brings us to the second letter of KVs the v stands for video and this is where 99% go wrong having a good keyword is only the beginning your video needs to be good you have to make exactly what the viewer wants to see so here's what I recommend you do to increase your chances of ranking your video first of all research the currently ranking videos watch all of them for the entire video to see what they're doing and what you can improve then you want to read the comments for feedback that you can Implement on all of those videos you can learn a lot from the comments under a video yet no one is doing this someone has already made a video there's feedback given on that video in the comments which if you apply that to your new video yours is going to be better than the currently ranking ones which brings us to the final letter which is the S stands for SEO first of all we must make sure that the exact keyword that people are searching for makes up the majority of our title which means that if I want to rank for 3D after effect video reals editing I'm going to make my title look like this this includes the entire keyword that people search for and I've just inserted tutorial at the end so that the title is still natural and easy to read you can also add brackets to make it more enticing to click that might include the year or something like stepbystep to help them understand that this is going to be a full step-by-step tutorial all right title done now we need to do the description first of all what I always do is I simply copy the keyword in my title and then I put it at the top of the description next up I want to include a few related keywords to our main keyword in the description how we do that is I go back to vid IQ I click related keywords and I'll get to see a list of other slightly related keywords that people search for and I want to include the relevant ones in my description we do this to tell YouTube what our video is about but also to potentially rank for these other keywords so I've selected these four keywords which I'm going to use in my description so here's what I've got in this after effects tutorial I will show you how to do 3D after effects video reals editing even if you're a beginner this will help you make Motion Graphics and overall be better at video editing so I've just included these four related keywords naturally in my description next up is our thumbnail all this needs to be is better than the competition make sure it's clickable and easy to understand once again go back to the keyword see which videos are currently ranking and make sure that yours is better what you'll see here is that all of them are very similar 3D viral reels 3D viral reels 3D viral reels 3D viral reels no I'm not bugging they're just saying that on every thumbnail which means it's proven to work but you should probably slightly switch it up all that's left now is the tags now this doesn't really matter at all so what I always do I take the keyword that I want to rank for I copy it I go to a website called rapid tags.io I paste in my keyword I search these are the results that show up I copy this and then I paste it directly into my video I've actually made a step-by-step Word document describing how you can rank number one following all the steps I just gave you I'll leave a link down below for you to download it and also if you want my full 1hour breakdown of how this works and see me do it live on camera click the video on the screen right here it's probably the best video I've ever made so I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [52 likes]: ✅ Get VidIQ for 30 days for $1: https://vidiq.com/yourivanhofwegen

In this youtube seo guide I reveal how I rank all my videos #1 on youtube. This is a step by step tutorial that anyone can follow to get more views on youtube by leveraging youtube seo traffic. 

🔗 Mentioned in Video
▶ https://youricreates.com/free-guide (FREE 3 Step Guide to Rank Videos #1)
▶ https://vidiq.com/yourivanhofwegen
▶ rapidtags
  2. @SincerelyTracie [26 likes]: This is where I failed on this channel. Thanks
  3. @red_lotus_life [21 likes]: Wow I didn't realize how much goes into the research prior to even creating a video. Thank you for sharing!
  4. @silvananelsonhomes [4 likes]: Great video - I hit Control f - but nothing happens ?
  5. @neiltucker1355 [4 likes]: Loved this video, it was packed full of useful information.
  6. @Yoshi-t5xKm [3 likes]: i should have to do it, nice video
  7. @solitasims [3 likes]: this is a brilliant strategy. thank you for this!
  8. @VincentCardenas-t7t [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  9. @ElizaChyle [1 likes]: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @jermainehawkins2170 [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  11. @NicklinGuillette [1 likes]: I’ve never seen it explained this way.
  12. @MaggieTally [1 likes]: Love how authentic this feels.
  13. @coachjoaking [1 likes]: You are the bestv
  14. @propheticworshiprealm [1 likes]: Thanks
  15. @SandratlFmdasha: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  16. @SamuelBaoSakdaKouki3158: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  17. @Anjelia-g1i: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  18. @MarcusSmith-i5x: Real talk.
  19. @ProbyMuramoto: Why was this actually so entertaining?
  20. @smartzedits: Straight to point. No Bull Shit. I apperciate that

- YouTube SEO 2026: How I Rank #1 on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube SEO in 2026 works completely differently than it did a couple of years ago. And if you're still following the old way, you're basically setting yourself up for failure. I've been doing this for over 4 years now, ranking over a,000 videos and pulling in more than 200 million views using one specific strategy. The name of this entire strategy is KVS, and it's the framework that ties all of these steps together. And in this video, I'm going to break down each step so you can start ranking number one for any keyword you want. The K and KVS stands for keyword. Here's what a lot of people get wrong. They think they need to make the video first and then decide on the title and figure out how to rank for it. But it's actually the opposite. You want to first find the keyword you want to rank for and only then make the video. This way, you're not guessing whether your video will rank number one. You already know there's demand before you even start recording. So, let me show you exactly how to find and analyze 10 out of 10 keywords that you can actually rank for. Here are the three things that a 10 out of 10 keyword needs. Number one, low competition, so you can easily outperform everyone else ranking for it. Number two, good search volume, meaning people are actually interested in searching for it. Number three, no matching keyword. You'll be the only one using that exact keyword. This is the key to ranking quickly, even with a small YouTube channel. So, here's exactly how I find keywords like that. The tool I'm using is called Vid IQ, and it is by far the best SEO tool for YouTube. When you first sign up, you want to head over to keywords and type in any broad keyword in your niche. For me, that's going to be design. You want to go broad here and focus on the industry you want to reach. After that, click on matching terms. This only shows keywords that contain your original search. Type in design, click matching terms, and you'll see matching keywords. This is powerful because it lets you move quickly from a broad industry term to a full list of more specific keywords. And that's exactly where the opportunity is. These longer, more specific keywords usually have lower competition, which makes it much easier to rank at the top and grow your channel. From here, I'm going to select something I'm interested in, which for me is motion design. I'm going to repeat the process to go even deeper. So, for this one, I'll click matching terms again and select motion design for Da Vinci Resolve. Then, I'm going to repeat this once more to get my final keyword, which is how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Once I have that ready, I'm going to head over to YouTube. I'm going to paste my keyword into the search field. After the search, I check competition, volume, and keyword match. When looking at competition, you want to check for big channels ranking for your keyword. In this example, some channels have large followings. But that doesn't mean this keyword is out of reach. I'll show you exactly why this matters in just a second. The next thing we want to look at is volume. Make sure the Vid IQ extension is installed in Chrome. It shows a video's views per hour. Some of these videos are getting over 10 views per hour, which is pretty solid for a small channel. This tells you people are actively searching for this topic right now. And the last thing is the key that makes it possible to rank for this keyword, even with bigger channels showing up. That's the matching keyword factor. We want to see if the videos currently ranking are actually using this exact keyword in their titles. You can check this by pressing Ctrl+F and searching for your keyword to see if anything comes up. For me, nothing does. None of these videos are actually using this keyword in their title. And here's why that matters. YouTube always ranks the most relevant result. When your title matches exactly what someone searches for, your video becomes the most relevant result. When no other title includes that keyword, your video becomes the top match for that search. Because you're the most relevant, people are going to click. And YouTube wants to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible. So, they prioritize giving searchers exactly what they're looking for. Let me show you exactly how this works by walking through a real example. If you look at this video ranking here, the title is how to edit stunning motion graphics in Da Vinci Resolve. Now, watch what happens when I search for that exact title. There it is. Number one. That's exactly how YouTube decides to rank videos. And that's exactly why the matching keyword factor is so powerful. Now, we know we can rank for this keyword. There's search volume and no big competitors. So, we move to the V in KVS video. Because if your video isn't good, it doesn't matter how perfect your keyword is. YouTube wants to rank content that viewers actually enjoy watching. So, your job is to create exactly what the viewer is looking for when they type in that search. Here's how I make sure my videos outperform the competition. First, I revisit the top ranking videos and watch all of them from start to finish. I'm paying attention to what they cover, how they explain things, what visuals they use, and most importantly, what they're missing. Then I do something that almost nobody thinks to do. I take the time to read through the comments and see what people are actually saying. The comment section is basically free market research. People are literally telling you what they liked, what they wish the video had included, and what confused them. Someone already made a video on this topic and viewers already gave their feedback. All you have to do is take that feedback and apply it to your video. This way, you're not just creating a similar video, you're creating a better version of what already exists. And that's exactly what YouTube wants to rank. Now, let's move on to the final letter in the KVS strategy. The S in KVS stands for SEO, and this is where we tie everything together. First, the title needs to clearly include the main keyword people are searching for. So, if I want to rank for how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve, my title is going to look like this. How to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Notice how the entire keyword is right there in the title. Beginner tutorial at the end makes the title clearer. Adding the year step by step or beginner friendly helps people know what to expect. This builds trust before they even click. With the title finished, let's move on to the description. The first thing I always do is take the keyword from my title and paste it right at the top of my description. This reinforces to YouTube exactly what your video is about. All right, the title is done. Now, let's move on to the description. To find these, I go back to Vid IQ and click on related keywords. This gives me a list of related terms people are searching for that connect to my main keyword. I pick the ones that are most relevant and naturally work them into my description. We do this for two reasons. First, it tells YouTube more about our video so it knows when to recommend it. And second, it gives us a chance to rank for these other keywords, too. So, for this example, my description looks like this. In this video, you'll learn how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve step by step. This Da Vinci Resolve tutorial shows how to use Fusion and Da Vinci Resolve Fusion to create simple motion design elements explained clearly and made simple for beginners. Perfect if you're new to Motion Design and want Da Vinci Resolve made simple. See how I've included multiple related keywords, but it still reads like a normal sentence. That's exactly what you want. Now, when it comes to creating your thumbnail, the most important thing is that it has to be better than the competition you're ranking against. So, if we go back and look at the videos we're competing with, you'll notice most of them are using pretty dark thumbnails. Very few of them actually include a face. This makes creating a standout thumbnail easy. A high contrast thumbnail with a face grabs more attention. The way I create thumbnails, and what I recommend you do, too, is by using a tool called pixels. Here's how it works. If you head over to the recreate feature, you can paste in a link to a YouTube video or a thumbnail that you like. Pixels will use that as a reference. So, you're not starting from scratch. you're building off something that's already proven to work, then you can add yourself into the thumbnail by selecting your persona. If you don't have one yet, just click create and upload a few images of yourself. Pixels then generates a thumbnail that follows the same style and includes you. And just like that, I have a professional thumbnail ready to go for my video. I'll leave a link to a full Pixels tutorial in the description if you want a deeper breakdown of how to use it. Now, the last thing we need to cover is tags. Honestly, tags don't matter nearly as much as they used to, but I still fill them in because it takes 10 seconds. Here's what I do. I take the keyword I want to rank for, copy it, and head over to a website called rapid tags.io. I paste in the keyword, click search, and it gives me a list of relevant tags. I just copy those and paste them directly into my video. And that's the entire KVS strategy. You now know how to rank number one on any video you want in 2026. Think about it. You can step into any niche, find a keyword, create a better video than what's already ranking, and set up your SEO so YouTube naturally puts you at the top. And with Vid IQ, you can do all of this in minutes, making the entire process effortless. Click the link in the description to sign up for Vid IQ and start ranking your next video. I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [12 likes]: Rank #1 with VidIQ 👉 https://vidiq.com/youri
  2. @gamer2-t6d [8 likes]: You need to fail multiple times to achieve success 🔥
  3. @AuroraReport [2 likes]: Being a creator myself, I truly understand the effort behind simplifying complex things. This video is gold for anyone struggling to find the right path in their YouTube journey. The way you shared the strategy is both logical and inspiring. Thank you for being a mentor to us all. Keep shining!
  4. @Samthehogtakeover [2 likes]: More keyword vids brother! I appreciate you
  5. @Chrissavv [1 likes]: Thanks for the inspiration man, this thumbnail part was awesome ❤
  6. @SuccessTelugu [1 likes]: Awesome
  7. @nasirghaffar4408 [1 likes]: Subscribed! 

It was helpful :)
  8. @salimreza8683 [1 likes]: Great this video.
  9. @IlindaeeLopezt: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @VanToiVu-b4j: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  11. @NahidUddin-f4n: Bro Love From Bangladesh
  12. @BrownGirlstorie: I was looking for this kinda tutorials…. Thanks so much 😊
  13. @gsmfrpbay: Brother well done ✅. Actually your a pro in this YouTube 😊
  14. @silverstoric3450: great video thanks
  15. @SmartSummaries-k7q: Thanks for that .
  16. @RandyReynolds-g7t: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @WolfgangAlbert-wi7ji: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  18. @AsaniAsi: Amazing information
  19. @Lionel_ronaldo25: Thank you for this information ❤
  20. @PeterMaina-i1w: I love your videos so much

- How to Rank in YouTube Search (SEO Beginners Guide): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has changed if you're still relying on outdated tips and keyword hacks then you're leaving views and subscribers on the table this year YouTube's algorithm is smarter than ever so what actually works now to get views and grow your channel in this video we're going to be covering the newest SEO strategies to help your videos rank higher get discovered faster and grow your channel without wasting time on things that no longer matter we're going to be covering the number one ranking factor that YouTube cares about the difference between keywords and tags on YouTube and what really matters the biggest SEO mistakes that might be killing your channel and a step-by-step strategy for helping you get more views and subscribers fast you know I've been studying YouTube for over a decade I've got three silver play buttons a gold play button and I've helped thousands of creators rank videos through our program video ranking Academy so you can be confident that what you're about to learn is not a waste of your time this is an indepth Master Class and your complete guide to getting results let's begin you got to just press record now before we cover the five YouTube SEO and keyword strategies that are working this year and the list of outdated tactics that you want to avoid let's get on the same page by defining what is YouTube SEO and what is the difference between keywords and tags SEO stands for search engine optimization so YouTube SEO has the goal of getting your videos discovered by the right people on YouTube and Beyond through smart optimization of your videos this includes picking the right keywords so that YouTube knows what your video is about optimizing titles descriptions and tags so that viewers click and stay creating engaging thumbnails to boost click-through rates encouraging watchtime and engagement so that YouTube keeps recommending your content and leveraging captions chapters and metadata for accessibility and discoverability and then you also want to study your analytics so that you can tweak and improve your future videos because data will tell you what's working in your content and what's not working so at its core YouTube SEO is about helping the YouTube algorithm help you by making your content easy to find engaging to watch and irresistible to recommend now the next question that we must answer is what is the difference between keywords on YouTube and YouTube tags while there are some similarities they're actually kind of two different things so YouTube keywords are the words and phrases that let YouTube know what your video is about these are primarily going to show up in your titles in your descriptions and in your actual video script meaning the things you're saying in your video and these words and phrases are very important because they are going to help with search and recommendations so for example on this channel think media we talk a lot about the best cameras for Content creators and we'll make a video that could be titled best budget cameras for YouTube that's a phrase that people would naturally search for and could be placed in the title in the description and I would be verbally saying it in the video as well YouTube tags on the other hand are more about the backend metadata they are extra keywords that you add in the tags section of your video and they have minimal impact today as far as SEO goes they don't carry very much weight but YouTube has said they can help with misspellings or alternative spellings and so you still want to use them properly so some of the tags I would use for a video on the best budget camera for YouTube could be tags like cheap cameras comma YouTube cameras comma best camera for YouTube comma and variations reinforcing the big idea of the video I'm creating so now that we understand what YouTube SEO is and the difference between keywords and tags let's dive into the five YouTube SEO and keyword strategies that are working right now number one research before you press record one of the biggest myths on YouTube is that keyword research is dead but it's actually still very important but maybe for a different reason than many people think the reason why you want to do keyword research and really topic and video idea research before you film your video is so that you can actually find out what people are searching for so that your video has a higher likelihood of getting discovered this also helps you craft your videos intentionally and purposefully so your content is relevant and not random another reason is you want to use the right phrases and words in your titles and in your description so that YouTube knows exactly who to show your videos to and keyword research can also help you stay ahead of Trends so you're making videos that people actually want to watch well how exactly do you do keyword research effectively well in this video we're going to cover a couple different ways you can use YouTube search Google search Google Trends and also cool YouTube software tools like vid IQ and the key thing that you're looking for in this research phase is you're verifying that people are actually interested in this topic so you don't waste your time filming a video that nobody wants to watch you're actually studying to see demand because a great video that nobody is searching for won't get views so number one is research before you press record number two is use YouTube autocomplete for free keyword ideas here's how it works you want to start typing a topic into YouTube search bar then YouTube autocomplete will suggest real searches that people are typing and the cool thing is these predictions are based on actual demand so let's say you wanted to make a video about a walking pad that you just purchased for your home office that's something I just got and I actually love the one that I'm using and so when we type in Walking pad we could see see that this does show up which this is the test you want there to actually be predictions here which is telling you okay people around the world are looking for these things and the terms that are towards the top have the most interest so people are searching for a walking pad treadmill or a walking pad review or a walking pad workout but we can go all the way down to a walking pad versus a treadmill before and after and so there's a lot of key word phrases here that can influence our video ideas and our video titles and a pro tip is to try different variations and see what pops up we might put best walking pad in front of it we could have videos pop up with the year after 2024 2025 2026 you might have best walking pad treadmill on Amazon and so the Nuance of the different angles of these video topics is where the opportunity is and all this information can be used in your titles in your tags and in your description and here's some cool tricks you could do with the YouTube search bar that not a lot of people know about one of the things you can do in front of your topic is you could put a letter and an underscore space and this will actually then put words in front of your key term in our case walking pad and oiling a walking pad using a walking pad while working and again it's giving us some more nuances and you could go through the entire alphabet bet with that and then what you also can try is experimenting with words after your core topic so if we're talking about walking pads we might type in for and so now we're getting more ideas walking pad for heavy person for weight loss desk for tall person and so you can get very specific with the insights that are coming from the YouTube search bar and so this is the power of researching before you press record and using YouTube autocomplete to inspire video ideas and content for your title description and your tags and if you're already finding some value out of this video it would mean the world to me if you hit the like button and subscribe to the channel for more videos that will help you grow your YouTube channel but let's dive into number three number three is use software like vid IQ to analyze keyword competition keyword opportunities and Trends and get additional creative ideas so here we are in the back end of vid IQ and the cool thing about this software is it connects to your YouTube channel and so you can get powerful insights and we're going to be clicking on the keyword tool and what we find here is the ability to Search keywords kind of like we just did on YouTube but now we can do it with some additional data so if we type in Walking pad like we were doing in the previous tip we can now see a score on this topic we can see how much search volume there is for walking pads 63,000 people plus search for it on any given month and the competition is relatively low and so vid IQ assigns this topic with an overall score if it's closer to green and closer to 100 this particular score is 74 then that's great it tells you that there's less competition around this topic if it's in yellow or red then it might be harder to break through and rank and get views for this topic because of how much saturation there is now we also have the ability to see some search data so people looking for a walking pad review around 13,000 a month the best walking pad 10,000 a month and then we can go down to much lower numbers like walking pad treadmill results at 944 a month but still great however it would say that this is a not great search volume with quite a bit of competition of people sharing their walking pad results so in our researching before we press record that might not be the next video that we want to make now there's some really cool things that vid IQ does that I want to show you but if you've never tried it before you can actually get 30 days for just $1 if you want to check that out there's a link in the description down below or just go to vid iq.com slink I am an affiliate for vid IQ which simply means that I may get a commission if you use my link but I really think you're going to love the software in fact let's dive in and check out more of what it does and so on the left side of the page here you can see there's a lot of different tools that are included with fit IQ but we're just focusing on keywords for this video and so if you type in number one a keyword into the Search tool it's going to give you the score the related keywords it's going to give you matching keywords and some questions and it's going to give you top trending videos for walking pad which is really cool because you can look what other people are doing a lot of shorts content and what we can study here is how many views are these videos getting is there any angles or content ideas that might Inspire our content you can also organize the data in different ways you could look at related keywords and you could organize them by their related score the amount of search volume how much competition there is the overall score or even the number of words because the big idea with words could be long tail keywords are easier to rank for so how walking makes you shed fat or the revvo 2in1 under desk treadmill a very specific product that might not get a ton of views but the intent of the viewer looking for that information can be much higher when again there are more words in the topic or in the title you could look at matching terms but one of my favorites is questions which brings us to our fourth tip which is answer specific questions that meet viewer needs many people turn to YouTube to solve problems and learn new skills in fact in 2020 77% of respondents reported using YouTube to learn a new skill and so one of our favorite strategies here at think media is what we call asq or answering specific questions and you could use a tool like YouTube autocomplete or vid IQ to search out and identify the questions people are asking and then create YouTube videos based off those questions and so that's what I love about this section of the vid IQ tool when you click on questions you're now looking at specific questions that people want answers to how good is the walking pad treadmill spur ax versus the walking pad that's two different brands and maybe you can get your hands on each one to review those do I need to lubricate a walking pad treadmill it's actually a question that I have I've had mine for a couple of weeks and I'm wondering that same question actually now that I think about it and so here's a few thoughts for implementing this strategy and identifying common questions first use tools like vid IQ to discover related keywords and top questions in your Niche second create content that provides clear answers what you want to do is develop videos that directly address these questions offering concise and actionable solutions and in some cases you might be thinking like these are very specific questions these aren't going to be viral videos and you'd be right but a lot of creators when you're trying to get your first 100 subscribers your first a th000 subscribers you're under estimating the power of getting one view you're underestimating the power of getting 10 views of people looking for very specific things and what you'll notice is there's a lot of golden opportunities because a lot of people haven't seen a video like this like this information applied can really help you grow your YouTube channel but then thirdly you want to make sure your video is optimized correctly I mean that's the power of YouTube SEO how exactly are you going to title your video what are you going to write in your YouTube description and actually in a bit I'm going to share with you a complete checklist of how to optimize your video when you upload it on YouTube so you don't miss anything now in just a second we're going to be covering the outdated tactics that do not work and are a total waste of your time but we still need to hit point number five number five is Niche down with longtail keywords for better results now we touched on this a little bit earlier but let's get clear on our definition so a longtail keyword is a specific phrase that people search for usually three plus words long and if you really want the opportunities it might be 5 6 7 8 nine words long and the reason why this works is less competition so they're easier to rank more targeted audience you're attracting a very specific audience but essentially getting the right viewers which means ultimately you'll get higher conversion rates now that's a conversation for another day but essentially means that you can make more money with things like affiliate marketing or even your own products and services because you have a much more specialized higher intent viewer that are finding this type of video so what is the difference between a keyword and a longtail keyword well an example would be a video titled podcast kind of ridiculous but if you think about it that would be too broad there's like way too much competition also doesn't even really make sense but if you made a video titled how to start a podcast for beginners and you could even include the year as well well it's much more specific and therefore easier to rank so how exactly do you find longtail keyword ideas I've got a really sneaky tactic to share with you in just a second but if we recap using YouTube autocomplete you're building out typing in things before your core term or building out the words after looking for very specific ideas and you can use that for free you can also check vid IQ looking for phrases with good search volume and also low competition and again if you want to try out vid IQ hit the link in the show notes and the description but but another cool place is to look at the people also asked section on Google so most people don't know about this cool way to come up with smart YouTube video ideas so if you just go to Google Search and type in walkingpad you then can look at the results you're going to get some sponsored results you're going to get some ranked web pages but then you're going to get the people also asked section now let's see what we can find here can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day on a treadmill are walking pads any good is a walking PAD as good as a treadmill what is the best walking pad on the market remember our previous tip we want to answer specific questions and what we're seeing in this section of Google is very specific questions that the world wants to know but let's take this thing even deeper if you scroll to the bottom of a Google page you can also find the section people also searched for and this is going to give you some keyword phrases not in a question in this case but you're going to see walking pad UK walking Pad de cathlon what is that walking pad with incline and now you're getting more insights during your research phase so we've covered five specific YouTube SEO tips you can apply for finding keywords and applying them to your videos at the end of this video I'm going to be breaking down the 10 ranking factors that matter but as promised we got to talk about the outdated SEO things that do not work anymore and you should absolutely avoid because they will waste your time so I've got six outdated YouTube tactics to share with you but one of the things I want you to see is when we head over to YouTube and type in Walking pad again I've got vid IQ installed here you have a really cool feature on the right side of the page called the search panel and it gives us a score of that keyword right on the page it gives us some data about it it some top channels for the search term and some top related opportunities all of that stuff is good but one of the outdated features which vid IQ still offers you but you can pretty much ignore it is enable inline keywords when we click that what it's actually going to do is show us other people's tags on their videos and you actually can copy them if you want but here's the thing this is one of the outdated tactics and so our philosophy here at think media is that if YouTube gives us a place to put information like the area called tags on your YouTube video optimization page you might as well use it but you don't want to take too much time there which brings us to our first outdated tactic which is over Reliance on tags and researching competitor's tags here's the facts tags have minimal impact on YouTube SEO today back in the day people would copy competitor tags in an attempt to rank higher but now YouTube prioritizes audience Behavior over tags so the bottom line is tags are nearly irrelevant what actually matters is the content quality the retention of the video and smart keyword use in your title and your description and so while it's a waste of time to copy your competitor's tags it's not a waste of time to study your competitor's content what titles are they using what topics are they covering in their videos which videos are performing best on their Channel and how are they structuring their videos what kind of Engagement are they getting the content itself can be very insightful for your next video now another myth in an outdated YouTube SEO tactic that I actually see a lot of YouTube gurus talking about still this year which really kind of blows my mind but it is naming your video file with keywords and so the theory here was that after you shot your video and edited it and exported the actual file you rename the file to be like best- walking dad- review and that's just a waste of time now to be fair it's not a waste of time for your own file management and organization on your computer or hard drive or external hard drive but it's not going to help your video perform better here's the truth YouTube does not use file names for SEO anymore what YouTube does now is it actually scans the content of the video and it's pretty wild what YouTube and the parent company alphabet and Google actually can see when you upload a video file YouTube uses Ai and machine learning to scan exactly what is inside of your YouTube videos Beyond just the metadata in fact they could see these five things spoken words YouTube autogenerator for keywords onscreen text if you edit text into your videos or if you share a presentation of some kind with PowerPoint slides or keynote slides AI can read the words in your video also visual elements Google can recognize objects faces locations logos and even emotions music and audio YouTube can detect copyrighted music in fact that is a challenge for some people background sounds and even your tone of voice and the fifth thing is engagement data how viewers react to a video once it's public it's looking at the likes the comments the watch time which is going to affect how YouTube recommends the video and so the reason this matters for creators is you just can't fake YouTube SEO anymore changing your file name is a waste of time at least in terms of influencing how your video ranks and performs and what's actually more powerful than changing the video file name that you're uploading is actually using the keywords that you want to ring for in the video itself or even showing products on screen that you're going to be talking about if you can edit in b-roll and you can make a rich content experience for the viewer that Google is scanning and seeing like wow this video is thorough it's educational there's a lot of good information in it that's going to be better optimization in today's world now the third outdated SEO tactic is using exact match keyword phrases in your titles instead instead of natural highly clickable titles so stuffing the exact match keywords in your title feels robotic and It ultimately hurts clickability so in the past people would write a title like for a video like this best SEO tips YouTube SEO strategy for ranking videos and that just doesn't work very well anymore the reason for this is YouTube's Ai and algorithm has continued to evolve so it can understand things like natural language as well as synonyms so if the key Concepts are included in your title and related phrases really you don't need to force exact matches even more importantly titles need to be engaging and not just optimized so a keyword stuffed title might rank but if no one clicks it won't matter you're talking to humans and so you want the metadata like a keyword phrase to be in your title but then around the title you want it to be an experience that's interesting and highly clickable by real humans that would click on the video and CTR which means clickthrough rate is King YouTube prioritizes videos that people actually click on and actually watch so what you can do instead is make sure your title is compelling and curiosity driven use natural conversational language and you could still include keywords in fact you should but you want to blend them in smoothly so an example if we're still talking about walking pads is best walking pad review walking pad treadmill review pretty boring right keyword stuffed as opposed to something like I tried this viral walking pad is it worth it question mark curiosity driven you put a good thumbnail around that idea and you have a video that can be anchored in what people are searching for walking pad or viral walking PAD as well as something that could be suggested by the YouTube algorithm number four is keyword stuffing in descriptions and so the big idea here was that people would do their research and they would get as many phrases best camera for YouTube cheap cameras for YouTube and they would just stuff as many keywords as possible in the description and the truth is this just does not fool YouTube and it can actually hurt your video performance so in today's world YouTube actually prioritizes natural language even that's written in your YouTube description the algorithm understands context and synonyms so repeating the same keyword over and over looks spammy furthermore it's a bad user experience let's remember that the point of building a YouTube channel is to connect and help real people to build real community and every piece of content you put out there is an experience with you in your brand so if your description is just packed with a bunch of meaningless information and huge blocks of text then it's really not giving an individual a good experience and low engagement on your video will Le lead to low rankings and ultimately we already learned that YouTube's AI scans your content it listens to your video it analyzes your captions it checks for your behavior so stuffing keywords won't help now one cool thing that will help is including the best keywords in your description in a nice easyto read block of text in fact here's a cool way to do it so what we're going to do here is quickly optimize our video and description with keywords in a natural way of flowing language using vid IQ and so this is a YouTube short but I'm just going to use it as an example it's about something else but let's say I wanted to do a video on the best budget walking pad on Amazon and so what I can do is use their title tool which is going to give me really well-written highly clickable titles that also includes the keyword I found the best budget walking pad on Amazon you won't believe the amazing features of this budget walking pad I tried the cheapest walking pad on Amazon and here's what happened great video ideas so let's just say I found the best budget walking pad on Amazon and maybe I put something in there like walking pad C2 which by the way is the walking pad that I purchased it literally is changing my life it's pretty amazing if you're interested in it I will link it up in the show notes it's my favorite purchase in the last five to 10 years yeah this is the one walking pad C2 it's foldable I think I got the white one in fact why would I not know that I would totally understand what color I got and so it yeah it's a whole vibe it's really been awesome and so anyways now that we've quickly decided our title in like 10 seconds we can actually go down and use this description feature here that says AI description generator and what I did was I copy pasted the title and I clicked generate description and it says looking for the best walking pad on Amazon check out my review the walking pad C2 the perfect option for walking and staying active at home and it gives you a couple VAR variations and you could either insert it or copy it and now you're good to go with some very short but interesting description text the fifth outdated SEO tactic is embedding videos on external websites for higher rankings embedding videos on other websites does not directly boost YouTube rankings in the past some believed and I think it was true that getting your video embedded on multiple sites would trick the YouTube algorithm into ranking your videos higher it was the SEO concept of backlinks but today YouTube prioritizes user engagement on its own platform things like watch time people actually clicking on your videos watching your videos not just where a video appears externally which brings up the question do back links still matter for YouTube SEO and the answer is yes if they still drive traffic that includes real viewers who actually engage with your video then that can really indirectly help ranking the point is if these are individuals that are giving you watch time audience retention engaging on your videos it's not just because your video is linked or embedded on somebody's site that your rankings would be boosted but it is the fact that if that website drives a real individual to your video that engages and loves your video then it's the on platform metrics that matter and the sixth outdated YouTube SEO tactic that doesn't just not work but is also dangerous is buying fake likes fake comments and fake views and the reason for this is YouTube's AI is too smart it can tell where traffic is coming from bot views fake likes spam comments and fake views do not equal real watch time and so Bots or lowquality traffic that don't actually watch your video then your watch time will tank which will also hurt your video you also have low engagement rates if you buy 100,000 views but you get almost no comments or real interaction then YouTube will know something is off and people like me will know as well because we use tools like vid IQ and we can sometimes see a spike of traffic and then at flat flat lines you're like oh they purchased views up to that level or you could see the view to Comet ratio and you're like something's off here so real ones know and so there's just no reason to do it and also you do run the risk of demonetization or Bans so YouTube can limit reach or even demonetize or delete your channel if you're violating their terms of service and you're caught manipulating engagement so uh just don't do it what you should do is focus on organic growth even though it's harder it's better over time create valuable content real people want to watch boost engagement naturally if you can ask questions encourage comments and then promote your videos smartly so share your video with the Right audience on social media email list Niche forums so sharing your video out there is great if you can attract people that are truly interested in the content all right I hope you're staying hydrated during this indepth master class because as we land the plane let's just look at the top 10 ranking factors that actually matter for YouTube SEO this year all in one complete and concise list number one watch time and audience retention trumps keywords the longer people watch the better your ranking engaging content keeps viewers hooked number two CTR AKA clickthrough rate topic titles and thumbnails are critical if people don't click they don't watch number three study competitors content don't copy their tags instead study their content strategy their video formats their engagement tactics and the insights that you can learn and borrow that can influence your own content all right number four viewer engagement getting comments getting likes and getting shares YouTube boost videos that spark interaction so encourage comments and responses in your videos in fact let me pass a question off to you what is one of the biggest challenges you're having on YouTube right now or is there a topic you would want us to cover in the future here on this channel let me know in the comments number five optimize your videos for search and suggested rank your videos and search matters but getting videos into YouTube's suggested and recommended algorithm is way more powerful number six realize YouTube's Ai and contextual understanding know that YouTube reads your scripts scans the visuals in your video and detects intent so keywords still matter but they must be naturally woven into your content number seven chapters and detailed descriptions especially for educational content YouTube uses timestamps for SEO making it easier for viewers and search engines to find relevant parts of your videos that's that's why a video like this includes what's called YouTube chapters it's not just the entire video that can rank it's individual Parts number eight personalization in session watch time YouTube recommends videos based on individual viewing habits and rewards creators whose videos keep people on the platform longer and so the Creator who understands the viewer best wins and the Creator who keeps individuals on the platform longer by perhaps creating a video series instead of just a singular video is going to dominate number nine external traffic and off-platform promotion while backlinks do not boost rankings bringing real viewers from social media from email lists from Niche communities like Reddit or Kora can help push your YouTube content further and number 10 freshness and consistency YouTube favors creators who consistently upload and keep content fresh in search results especially with trending topics bottom line YouTube SEO isn't just about keywords anymore you need great content engagement and optimization strategies to win this year and if you want my complete Youtube upload and optimization checklist just click or tap the screen to watch my deep dive video on that topic if you got value can you hit the like button my name is Sean canell your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel this is think media and I will catch you in a future video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [19 likes]: What was your biggest take away from the strategies shared? Let us know below! ⬇
🔥Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @seanyoungman6286 [1 likes]: What about when we have an Official Music Video, for example, Miss Cantaloupe - Bestie (Official Music Video), but other live videos are still coming up as the first results, even with "Official Music Video" in the search?
  3. @DrinkinItIn [1 likes]: Do I need a walking pad?
  4. @Crescitaly_com: The algorithm rewards consistency. Crescitaly helps you stay consistent and strategic. 📈
  5. @TheSensoryHaven: Hi Sean, thanks for this great video..I am going to implement all these things to try and raise my 130 subs (in 10 months) to try and reach more people!
🙂
  6. @FUNvideo-no3uw: Enjoyed your videos
  7. @aigenealogist: The tips on SEO tactics were awesome. I have Vidiq now, thanks for that best tip. Plus I became engaged with the topic of Walking Pad and now want a white one for my office. I am enlightened and inspired now to overhaul my SEO practices for my channel.
  8. @TarotwithCarrie-k6f: you definitely busted some SEO myths and clearly explained what works and why.
  9. @Margaret-y3w3i: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @mohamedyusuf5569: Thanks man!
  11. @macoolmatthew1: Great job
  12. @leonhuelsberg: 17:07 its a Shop for Sports and active lifestyle things
  13. @pinkeatspeaches: The slides being copy paste from an AI bot lost me
  14. @alexde3A: And use Google Ads as an additional tool.
  15. @kennyburtgaming: For me it's getting new subscribers
  16. @kennyburtgaming: Speaking of comments I never get any the same thing with likes
  17. @kennyburtgaming: The algorithm hates me lol
  18. @Dimitar759: Nolan Molt called out this video as bs in his newest video lolllll!!!
  19. @AmazeStories1: Wow this is amazing
  20. @NixRambles: There is always so much to learn. And just when you think you have the handle of things, they change the algorithm :face-green-smiling: Thanks for the really great tips!

- How I rank higher on YouTube With These SEO Hacks (Step By Step): Kind: captions Language: en If you're a complete beginner or a small YouTuber, one of the things that could be holding you back is SEO. And listen, if you're anything like me, SEO, tags, description, all of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a snoozefest. It is the most boring parts about this entire process. But the worst part is that it's one of the most important. So that's why I'm going to try and make this as painless as possible for both of us. Now, if you don't know who I am, my name is Romero. I've been doing YouTube automation since 2018. I've made over $1.9 million across all of my faceless YouTube channels. And that's pretty much it. I don't have much of a personality. I need to get better at intros. Anyways, let's go ahead and get started. So, what's the truth about tags? Is it actually important? Is it something you need or are you just wasting your time? Well, if you've ever heard a YouTube coach say that you don't need video tags, I want you to let them know that I said that they can go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] themselves because that's exactly what I did. I would listen to coaches that say SEO doesn't matter. video tags don't don't have any importance with the algorithm and because of them I wasted years of my life. Listen, we're at the end of 2025. We're about to hit 2026. YouTube has changed a lot. It is not the same as it used to be and that's because they soft launched Gemini. Now, if you don't know what Gemini is, Gemini is Google's chat GBT. It's their own version, right? And they implemented Gemini into YouTube in late 2024. Point is, they've been training it this whole time. And what they've been training it to do is to scan videos. They're essentially trying to replace their employees, the the human reviewers. Now, it is very important that I say that YouTube did not announce this. This is not confirmed. This is just a theory that I have. I think it's a pretty good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] theory, right? But it's not confirmed. Anyways, my point is YouTube now uses AI to identify what your video is about and to send it out to the correct audience, right? So, now it's even more precise with how it's going to recommend your videos. So, when it comes to SEO, you can argue that now it's one of the most important parts of the entire process. So, do yourself a favor in your tags. Fill them up all the way. Use tools like Vid IQ, TubeBuddy, Next Lev, whatever it is. There's a bunch of free [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out there. Just please make sure you fill up all of your tags. Okay. Now, what about video descriptions? Do video descriptions really matter? Do you have to make them long? Do you have to make them short? Do you have to put hashtags? Do you have to put links? Easy. Use Chad GBT. So, what you want to do is give your entire video transcript to Chad GBT and you want to give it this prompt. Pretend you're an SEO expert who specializes in ranking YouTube videos in Google search results. I'm giving you the full transcript of my video. Based on it, write a YouTube description that's strategically worded to rank high on both YouTube and Google. Use high traffic keywords and make it sound natural and persuasive, not spammy. Prioritize retention, relevancy, and CTR keywords, and structure it like a professional SEO copywriter would. And that's pretty much it. You don't have to go too crazy about it. Now, remember, you have to make your tags and your description very, very specific and detailed. And that's because you no longer want to just rank high on YouTube. You want to rank high on Google. Because what I've noticed is that they're both kind of merging together. Now, what about video titles? Should your keywords be in the front of your title or in the back? That's not important. Matter of fact, every video title you create, it needs to be based off of a successful YouTube video, right? That's how you should be doing YouTube to begin with. If you've been posting original content for the last 2 3 years and you haven't seen any results, I'm going to give you a word of advice. Start following the trends, man. Go to your niche, find your competitors, and create video titles and get all of your video ideas based on what they're posting. Now, what about thumbnails? Do thumbnails have anything to do with SEO? Technically, no. But with the whole Gemini thing going on right now, and with my little theory, I'm pretty sure it does. So, I think having text on your thumbnails is very, very important. And here's more advice. Don't add more than four words. Make the text yellow. Add black drop shadow and put it on the bottom left of your thumbnail across the board for any niche you could think of. That's kind of how it works. Now, what about what you actually say in your video? Your actual transcript. Does that matter? Again, yes. Gemini analyzes the entire transcript of your video. That's how it's able to tell if it can monetize it or not. Like if you say anything, you know, for example, you know, not communityfriendly. I almost just said it for some reason. But if you were to say anything that was out of pocket, then obviously YouTube has to tell somehow. But yeah, I mean, if you're on topic with your video, then it kind of automatically happens. Now, what about audience retention? Like the actual time that they spend watching the video. So, let's talk about that. My advice to you is that you don't post a single video that is shorter than 8 minutes. The longer you can make your videos, the better. And the sweet spot is about 13 to 14 minutes. Anything over 20 minutes is also pretty solid. Now, for a YouTube video that is 14 minutes long, you want to have at least a 5minute AVD. For anything that's over 20 minutes, you want to have at least a six-minute AVD. Now, of course, this is just based on my experience. This is just based on my analytics, what I've seen, and that seems to be kind of the sauce. But here's the thing. If you have a high CTR, anything over a 13%, and your AVD is, let's say, 3 minutes, your chances of competing in rank is still relatively high because you got to have one of the two. It's either going to be high CTR or high AVD. So, try to get good at one. Now that we're on topic, I get a lot of questions from members in my school community, and they always tell me, "Hey, um, I'm trying to get the video tags from competitors, but they don't use video tags." And then I go ahead and check out who their competitor is, and it's some random YouTube channel with like 2 million views, and they average 100,000 views per video, and it's like, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, they have way too many subscribers, and they have reoccurring viewers. So, tags, I think they don't really care. They have a fan base that is going to watch their videos regardless. So, you have to find those competitors that kind of have a balance. You know, they don't have too many subscribers and not every video they post is a banger. You want to get tags from those guys. But anyways, what should be your focus? Should you focus on pleasing the audience or pleasing the algorithm? And again, from experience, complete honesty, you got to sell out at first. You have to sell out. You know, that's what I did. I sold out for the first 2 3 years. You got to get on the good side of the algorithm first because if not, it's not going to push it to an audience, right? Your content could be good. whatever structure you have for your videos could be great, but if you're not cool with the algorithm, you're not meeting a certain standard, which was the AVD and CTR. You know, you're never going to find that audience. Again, it doesn't matter what your content is, how great it is, how high your quality is, how funny you are. The algorithm could care less. You got to focus on the analytics first before, you know, trying to please the audience. Now, what about uploading times? What time should you upload your videos? It doesn't matter, right? As long as you're not posting at like 4:00 a.m., you should be fine. If you live outside of the US and you're targeting US-based viewers, try to schedule your videos to PST time. So, I would say anywhere between 8 to 9:00 a.m. PST. At least that's what I do. The latest I've ever uploaded was 9:00 p.m. PST, but I've had a lot of students in my school community get results posting at like midnight. Now, what about video category? Does the category of your videos really matter? Not anymore. Uh, I mean, YouTube kind of did it at the beginning because they had specific sections where it'd be like, "Oh, the top 10 uh videos in the sports category and people would care, you know, people would watch that." Yeah, nobody cares. It's kind of like subscribers. It's not important anymore. And if you're not sure what to categorize your your YouTube channel, hey, just ask Chad GBT. Now, if I was to give you one piece of advice, that would be get good at SEO. I wouldn't go too crazy with the content as long as it's not complete dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Get good at SEO, get good at tags, get good at video ideas, get good at marketing, and then you can focus on your video content. If you're posting every day and you're getting like 20, 30 views per video and you're like, "Oh man, I got to make better content." You're looking at this wrong. Just focus on SEO and CTR first. Get people to watch your videos. Make dog shake content at first if you have to. Now, with practice, you're going to get SEO and CTR, right? which means you're going to get a higher pool of people that watch your videos and that's going to lead to a more accurate AVD, you know, average view duration. You're going to know how long people watch your video for. So, from there, you can start tweaking your content. But do not go based off of 20, 30, even 100 views. Get a video that gets like 2,000 3,000 views. See what the AVD is. Then it would make sense to actually start tweaking things. Of course, the more views the better. But you got to get good at marketing. That's what YouTube is. Again, I run over six faceless YouTube channels. I've gotten hundreds of millions of views. And here's the crazy part. I haven't watched a single one of my YouTube videos since like 2021. I have a lot of big creators, a lot of big YouTubers come to me for for assistance with their YouTube channels. And it's kind of like, wo. That's when it kind of clicked. You know, that's it goes to show that YouTube just isn't content. YouTube is marketing. So, try and look at it that way. Now, for those of you that want to take YouTube serious and you want to learn how I do YouTube, you can go ahead and click the link in the description of this video or in the pin comment and that's going to take you to my school community. And here in my school community, you get a blueprint step by step which shows you from A to Z on how to start a YouTube automation channel. But where all of the videos are are in the tutorial vault. And this is 70 videos plus where I go into extreme detail about SEO, Photoshop tutorials, editing tutorials, and pretty much everything that I've learned about YouTube since 2018. And matter of fact, there was a 2025 Vault update where, as you can see, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got a little bit more advanced. But the best part is that I go live two times every single week. And this is where I speak with you guys directly, answer any questions, review your channels, all of that good stuff. But for those of you that don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thanks for watching. I would appreciate if you liked and subscribed to the channel. But for those of you that are actually going to go check it out, I'll see you in one of the live calls.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Romayroh [5 likes]: Join My Private Community: https://www.skool.com/views-for-income-7713/about
  2. @Petsexplainer [1 likes]: To Small YouTubers 🍷
  3. @PerEkkaldır: best ways to earn passive income
  4. @EthelGraham-o9n: how to improve problem solving skills
  5. @hearthlightvisuals: Thank you for the help
  6. @prm4uofficial: Хороший разбор по тегам и описаниям, но один момент, который часто упускают — оптимизация первых 30 секунд под удержание влияет на ранжирование сильнее, чем любые ключевые слова. Алгоритм сейчас больше смотрит на сигналы удовлетворённости (лайки, сохранения, шеры), чем на чистый объём просмотров, так что стоит к SEO добавить работу над хуком и CTR превью — при показателе кликабельности выше 8% поиск начинает разгонять видео в рекомендации практически без внешнего трафика 👍
  7. @lordasmoday: Bro thanks for the great tips
  8. @maxebrand: Romayroh back on this one
  9. @evrenthesinister: Tags
Youtube literally says: Tags can be useful if content in your video is commonly misspelt. Otherwise, TAGS play a MINIMAL ROLE in helping viewers to find your video! You need to update sir
  10. @FroxerBBQ: bro is him
  11. @Parcy-y9m: The most boring part is editing bro🤣🤣🤣I have fun with descriptions and tags but editing burns me out😂😂
  12. @YakubuMuhammadAuwal-y2f: Pretend you are an SEO expert who specializes in ranking YouTube videos in Google search results. I am giving you the full transcript of my video based on its ready youtube description that strategically worded to rank high on both YouTube and Google use high traffic keywords and make it sound natural and persuasive not spammy. Prioritize retention, relevancy, and CTR keywords and structure. It's like a professional SEO copyrighter would.


this is the prompt.
  13. @SonicGrowthFX: Pls you course is not opening 

skool

Scheduled maintenance

Skool is currently offline so we can release updates. We appreciate your patience.

That what is saying
  14. @SonicGrowthFX: Happy new year
  15. @SonicGrowthFX: Please can you make a how to make a thumbnail
  16. @SonicGrowthFX: I like your content
  17. @elijahyats2: mad rhythm 💃
  18. @WoodWork-y7y: Amazing
  19. @UntamedAustin: It's a Theory that most long term Youtubers now subscribe to.  ChatGPT can sometimes fall short.  I like to create a prompt then run it in Grok (When working) and ChatGPT and even Gemini sometimes as well and see which one I like best.  If Gemini can read graphics text; it is for SURE they are reading it.  The Question is what are they doing with it?  I believe they are "Scoring" channels overall and it is effecting each individual video to some extent.  This is what they did with Blogs so why wouldn't they do it with Video?  Meaning you can still score a Page on the Blog, but overall the SEO of the Entire Site suffers some penalty if the content on the other pages is not good.  And a good video will still score even if your other videos suck.  Kind of like the old "Pagerank".  Ask Gemini how important each element is and see what it says.  Video is pretty new to me, but I have been blogging for a very long time.  And VIDEO is where the opportunity is now so I have been forced to fundamentially change what I do.  I have a lot to learn. But who cares really.  I really enjoy your content even way before Google/Youtube B-Slapped your account.
  20. @Frameforcetv: Very informative. Thanks

- Give me 8 Minutes and You'll Win at SEO in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en In the next 8 minutes, I'm going to show you timeless AI proof tactics that actually work along with real examples how I've used them to rank number one in Google. And it all starts with knowing exactly what searchers need. Google gives you all the clues in the people also ask box, related searches, and now even an AI overviews. You just need to know how to use them. Take the query best running shoes for flat feet as an example. Right away, we see that people are specifically curious about brands like Hoka, Brooks, and OnCloud. Scroll down and the related searches show us people are looking for options for both men and women for running and walking. And some are worried about common issues like over pronation. And the AI overview highlights key features people care about, things like stability, arch support, and cushioning. And guess what? The top ranking page for this query covers every single one of these points. That's not a coincidence. Someone took those clues, wrote them down, and obsessed over what a searcher looking for running shoes for flat feet actually wants and delivered on it. And one of the smartest ways to put this into action. And the fastest way to rank number one on Google is by updating what I call sleeper content. Sleeper content means pages that used to rank but slipped over time. They've kind of been neglected and are just sitting there waiting to be woken up. But here's the thing, not every page that used to rank and doesn't today is sleeper content. True sleepers have three specific attributes. So attribute number one is that your page has enough links to compete with the top results. And you can check this using any SER overview in HFS. Just look at how many links the top pages have compared to your page. Then click the domain number to see the actual websites that are linking to them. Stanford clearly has more links than philosophy now and there's a lot of legit sites linking to them. Check attribute number two. The page must have ranked high before and definitively lost positions over time. So I'll take Stanford's URL and put it in HF site explorer. And right away there's a very clear loss in traffic. But you need to dig one layer deeper. So let's head over to the organic keywords report and look at the ranking history for their main keyword. You can see Stanford held top three positions for a while, but has clearly lost ground over the past year and a half. Check. And on to attribute number three. There has to be a clear content issue. And that could mean the content isn't matching search intent, which I already showed you how to master, or the content is outdated, which matters a lot for freshness based queries, or there's a poor user experience. In Stanford's case, the page hasn't been updated in over four years. And honestly, it reads like an academic paper, just a giant wall of text. So, if I were Stanford, I'd be looking at a rewrite. I've done this hundreds of times, getting tons of number one rankings in as little as 24 hours. I've even documented it twice in videos on this channel. This works, so do it now. And once you've got a page ranking and it's getting regular traffic, you have to do this next tactic because it's one of the easiest ways to attract backlinks naturally. And the best way to do that is to frontload your content with linkable points. Linkable points are things like stats, quotes, key takeaways, or basically anything people find so useful or interesting they feel compelled to share or reference it. Take our SEO stats post as an example. Once that page ranked, it earned thousands of referring domains without us having to send a single outreach email. And just look at the anchor text. People linked to us because of stats like 68% of online experiences, 60% of marketers, 1,000% more traffic. Now, look at our post. We frontloaded the most interesting stats right at the top of the page, making it easy for people to find something they'd find interesting enough to link to. And you can do the same. Drop your URL into HF site explorer. Check the anchor report and look for any text containing the percent symbol or any other linkable point footprint. Now take that stat and either frontload them higher on the page or use them inside other relevant posts where it makes sense. The truth is people link to content that makes their content look more credible. And if it's your page they're citing, every one of those links is going to help you stay ranking higher in Google. Now, if you really want to maximize the links you're getting from those linkable points, you need to take it up a notch because the next tactic is one of the sneakiest ways to earn back links naturally, and that's to turn data into sharable images. Take our study on how AI overviews have reduced clicks to websites as an example. In that post, we use just three simple charts to visualize the findings. And those charts have driven a bunch of backlinks from authoritative sites that used our visuals and linked back to us as a source. Images draw the eye and they stick with people more than text. They make people want to share. So look through your content. If you've got an interesting fact, stat, or insight that's earning links, turn it into an image that people will want to steal because every time they do, there's a chance they'll link back to you. Now, this next tactic is about futureproofing your SEO because let's be real, informational content is already getting eaten alive by AI. But you know what? AI hasn't replaced free tools. Free tools solve real problems and because they're inherently useful, they often have huge search demand and attract backlinks naturally. Take our top 10 free SEO tools. They generated over 13,000 referring domains and drive 1.5 million monthly organic visits. Even small sites using this strategy, like this random picker wheel site, has pulled in over 3,000 referring domains and gets over 2 million visits a month from Google alone. And the best part, AI makes building basic tools like this insanely easy. Whether it's a calculator, a quiz, a generator, or a randomizer. Just open your favorite AI tool, ask it to generate the code, and within seconds, you've got a working tool you can tweak and style however you want. Then you just need to build some back links which we cover in our free SEO course. And once your tool is ranking, it can keep earning links and traffic passively month after month. One good tool can outperform 50 generic blog posts in both traffic and back links. So don't sleep on this. Now, everything I've shared so far works for Google SEO, but here's the truth. Optimizing only for Google isn't enough anymore. You need to diversify your traffic sources. Platforms like Reddit and YouTube now rank for nearly every niche query. In fact, Reddit alone has 10x their search traffic to nearly a billion visits per month from Google search alone. Here's the good news. Your SEO skills are perfectly transferable, which actually positions you to dominate on these platforms. Here's how you can put your SEO skills to work beyond Google. Start by answering niche questions on Reddit and forums. But not just any questions. Use Google search ranking data to guarantee yourself exposure. Start by looking through Reddit's keyword rankings in HF Site Explorer. Filter for a word related to your niche and click on relevant Reddit threads that are getting a good amount of traffic. Then answer those threads and if your comments rank high there, your answer will get exposure from all that Google traffic. You can also go and rank organically on other platforms like YouTube, which is like doing Google SEO on easy mode. Just follow the steps in our YouTube SEO tutorial. That's all we've done. And last year, we got 1.5 million views from just YouTube search. Basically, if you can rank in Google, you can be successful on other platforms, too, because no one has invested more time or money into search than Google. Use the foundations you have in search to win on other platforms. Now, if you want to learn directly from the world's leading digital marketers who are in the trenches testing and shaping the future of SEO, join us at HFS Evolve, our annual conference which is happening in October. Get all the details at hrsvolve.com and I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndargieVargas: Interesting take on prioritizing user intent over keyword stuffing—totally agree that search engines are leaning more toward context and relevance. I've noticed that tweaking my meta descriptions to better match user queries has boosted my CTR. Do you think optimizing for voice search will still be as big in 2025, or is it just hype?
  2. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great post
  3. @최미선-m1f: “Underrated fr.”
  4. @최미선-m1f: “Underrated fr.”
  5. @PatriciaWoodley-f6p: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  6. @CARLEZADONALDSON: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  7. @monicasolomon-i3d: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  8. @JonathanCole-j2d: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @HENRYASIA1: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  10. @Ellamae-v3o: Thanks for the video!)
  11. @dgvbf-c1j: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  12. @Chet-z4v: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  13. @Katheryn-w7b: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  14. @psnts-5ao: updating sleeper content is such an underrated strategy. everyone is so focused on constantly pushing out new articles when they have gold mines just sitting there losing rankings.

whenever i build out a free mini tool for seo, i usually just code the basic html and js and drop it on tiiny host first to quickly test if the calculator or randomizer actually functions right before i embed it into the main site. turning stats into sharable images is brilliant too, definitely stealing that for my next blog post
  15. @Alberto-d4t6v: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  16. @lilianbooysen7180: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @JohnPorch-x2z: No water, fast! Way to go.
  18. @ShenaSmith-o2s: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  19. @JacksonKohler-k8u: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  20. @LaurelMosciski-m6v: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)

- How to edit 10x faster in 5 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a 21-year-old full-time video editor and since I get paid per video I make I literally earn more the faster I can make videos so let me show you how I figured out how to edit 10 times faster and make the videos look better at the same time so the first way to edit way faster is to be trash trash collecting that's because it's called the Wally method and if you invest an hour into this you will save yourself days of time so please pay attention because it will also make your videos look way better no way yes way here we go so w takes some raw materials crunches it together in his machine and out comes a beautiful product and it does it incredibly fast and that's why we want to create our own Wally but how do we do that well we have our raw materials we put it into our Wally machine and outc comes a beautiful product so how do we make this amazing Wally machine here's are three steps simple steps that you need to do the first one is you open a new project and call it Factory and then whatever style you're editing in it can also be for a client if you have multiple clients that you edit in different styles that's what I have so for the Second Step you simply have to do this you put in all the materials you have in that video style so that can be animation transition tile Card sound effects backgrounds icon text effects music LS anything and as you can see I've actually categorized it here so I have an own section of animation and title cards and lower thirds and so on and you don't have to be that much this is for another client I have another Factory and it's way simple you can see and just put in everything you have and if you don't know where you can find it you can either go through previous edited videos and just copy paste it in you can find elements online like on inato Elements which I use you can also make your own which I also do a lot actually and the cool thing about this is you only need to do these once because here's the thing once you have this Factory you can just copy paste these elements into the video you're making super super super convenient and saves you a lot of time and it's actually also convenient for the client because as you can see here this was like a really nice animation I made for like with a pyramid and then instead of using hours upon making this animation I just copy it in and change the text and voila then now it makes sense for that video you know and if you do this you're going to deliver the videos way faster to the client you're going to keep the the same style and brand for your videos which makes them way more consistent and people will love that including yourself it makes them look way cleaner your videos so it's a win win for everybody now this next trick is short and simple here it is every editor has tried to edit on a trash computer at one point uh like where it's really laggy and you barely can keep the project together and keeps crashing but what if there was a trick that would that made lagy projects being able to edit 4K footage without upgrading your PC because I know it could be a bit expensive here's what you do you simply create proxies when I edit on my laptop which is powerful but not like super powerful and I want to edit 4K footage this is what I do and you might already know what it is but I wish I knew this from the start because it made it so much easier to edit so essentially what a proxy is is you have the original footage and then you set it to make it a proxy which is lower quality of it but then when you render it it uses the original footage so it's actually high quality once it's finished it's just while you're editing it's a lower quality version and the way you do it you can do it in most editing programs in premere you just right click the footage and press create proxy super simple and when you do that you just press okay over here you can set frame size to quarter uh and then it just takes some time and after it's done rendering there you have a own proxy and you can toggle it with with the with that button right there on the playback so that's how you go from having a trash computer to a super computer without changing the specs now the third method which I really love I use it a lot in the beginning is the purple filter uh so here's the thing let's say you've edited something super awesome you spent a lot of time on editing it and super cool animations and sound effects and everything so then you watch it again because like it kind of feels good seeing what you've done you know and fair enough I mean I do that as well but then watch it again and you watch it again and you maybe change some small things but you barely change anything and it's kind of satisfying to watch something you edited well right but be careful it doesn't turn into a hidden form of procrastination which you can easily do and it's going to slow down your editing project so so much it's incredible so it basically steals your time if you do this too much but how can I avoid this well that's where the purple filer came in because I asked myself this question and I came up with this solution so basically I have this this color here and I L just put it in over Parts I've edited and think I'm pretty done with this and then I whenever I like I go back to like see uh this part again it just see a purple filter like purple on the playback and I'm like oh no mind better get back to editing you know and then at the end I can like rewatch it and say okay can I improve something like so I don't rewatch it thousand times but instead I rewatch it when I actually need to super super powerful but it it can really help you creating the right habit of keep going and and Ed it fast now this last one this is the the one shortcut that literally doubled my editing speed and you can see here so there are so many shortcuts is in editing program so many but I barely use any of them and you probably do the same so I discovered this button it was the L button and in Premier Pro it doubled the playback speed but there is a problem with this because here's the thing for a shortcut to be actually used it has to become a habit and the thing is when when you have the L key you you can't make it a habit because who who edits and then suddenly moves the hand over to the L key like that's way too far away so when you find a shortcut in Premier Pro like this one that really double the playback which is really good at cutting you know uh original footage down take advantage of them and the way you can do it is just put it on your mouse put it on or like an easy convenient place where you can just press it um so I can't recommend it I use it all the time now so there's actually one last thing I want to show you and this thing will super power your editing speed and if you don't do it this video won't really matter and you can see why if you check out this video here it will make you even faster video editing so go check it out and thank you for watching hope it makes your video editing faster

  Top Comments:
  1. @johubify [1300 likes]: If you have been editing for a long time, you know the information he is giving here is golden
  2. @white_ash-Vtuber [1 likes]: I'm a new editor I've only put out 3 videos which I barely edited but my fourth has heavy editing in comparison one of the things I found is when I try to change the % of a component like scale speed or anything like that it freezes if you have this problem you can hover your mouse over the blue number and scroll up and down to change the % without it freezing (this if for premiere pro btw)
  3. @StillnessThicket [1 likes]: I'm quite new to editing but I didn't understand the first tip at all. What do you mean throw everything you have into one file!? How does that save any time or turn it into a "WALL-E factory" ?
  4. @MattEatsMochi [1 likes]: Editing isn't my problem, it's finding clients through freelance platforms.
  5. @MarcoKatITA: i didn' understand step 2 very well
  6. @samk2377: I can tell you're a real expert because you pinpointed so many things that slow me down! Thank you so much. This was so helpful!
  7. @DragonplaysXD: Amazing
  8. @cypherclown-tg1ir: I hate you for that call to action hook at the end because it actually worked
  9. @thepixelhollow: I'm JUST starting a youtube channel with a serious 'just post post post post' mentality, and that means I'm JUST getting in to editing.  I grabbed Davinci and omg there is a lot to learn.  Thank you for these tips!
  10. @ivan_sudy: Bro didn't show this video to his customers :D
  11. @bo0mbell: Dude, that's GOLD!
  12. @ReivInvests: whats the Pr app called?
  13. @sarabelenb: Hi! I came across your youtube video, and also found another creator (in the hispanic community) that uploaded a video very very similar to yours. His youtube is Marc O Editor and you can find the video under the name "Como editar x10 veces más rapido (sin perder calidad). Stealing content sucks and I wouldn't like this to happen to me.
  14. @Sanemi-s7q: I can get faster
  15. @SamGArchive: i do love some lip smakin' on a monday morning.
  16. @RedOfTheFae: Not 100% convinced on everything apart from  one thing... The purple filter... This WILL be helping me in the long run now! 😂
  17. @r3triver: Blessed by the algorithm
  18. @haramcracker: obg vou usar com o pedro andre
  19. @YT-Kenpachi: How the fuck did you made it this far in laugh without setting yourself the goal of fixing the stupid way you talk ?
  20. @insertbatmanhere: This is so much value, long time ago since I had so much value from such a short single video. Thanks

- How To Edit YouTube Videos 10x Faster! - Productivity Hacks: Kind: captions Language: en ever wanted to edit so fast that flames fly out of your mouth no me neither but you probably struggle with time and find the editing no matter what you do just eats up tons so in this video i'm gonna give you six things over the last 20 years i've found have sped up my editing like crazy starting with this oh hang on sorry this i know you're probably not expecting me to hold up a mouse or a plant pot but this this is a game changer because it's got lots of buttons that are in the perfect place of productivity and you can make these buttons do different tasks in the editing software so let me give you an example of what i mean this is how i've programmed my mouse one button simply zooms in one zooms out one of these side ones deletes everything after a playhead and then the other one deletes everything before and then the button on the side here just switches between different programs but you can make them do pretty much anything you like you can turn the playhead into a blade you can delete a section add markers undo in fact you can program pretty much any of your shortcuts in premiere pro and final cut and tons of other software like photoshop too to do whatever you like unfortunately you can't hit a button and edit the whole thing yet on top of that i used to use a trackpad to edit because it was just so much faster i ended up getting carpal tunnel i had to wear this wristband and it just hurt and it ended up smelling and it was just this whole thing so this is a must now they're not cheap but you will get your money back in time the second that you start using it the next thing is digital assets you know what the best way to edit 10 times slower is that is to keep using different templates and effects and text in every new youtube video you make now for your channel you do need a style because you want to create something that people begin to recognize but not just that you want something that saves you time so devote a session just to working out all the digital assets that you will ever use again in your other videos and then try not to keep deviating of course there's room for creativity and experimentation if you're always trying to find new fonts and end screens and call to action graphics it's gonna eat in your time without providing much more of a benefit the next thing is a second screen you know you see all those youtubers and they've got loads of screens well it's not just because they look really cool they actually make a huge difference to productivity and editing speed now i edit on a 27-inch imac that's quite a big screen but i still have a massive old television next to me that's far too big i'm just too tight and lazy to buy anything else what it means is when editing i can have my script on the other screen i can have my web browser open files and footage i can just scroll through without them to flick between stuff and combine with the mouse i honestly think i gain about 15 of a time saving here because when i try and edit on a laptop without these things it's a nightmare and again this is also a health benefit actually turning and looking at another screen means your eyes are traveling further and you're not just sat curled up in exactly the same position for hours of course you can take a second screen really far and get an amazing 4k beast for things like color grading but for me i just simply use it for documents and going through files and it's unbelievably good the next thing is you've got to eliminate distractions when you're in the zone editing and then your phone goes off or you look at an email takes about 15 minutes for you to get back into the same productivity zone so you need to turn your phone off set up something called boomerang on your email which you can basically set a time when all your emails that have been sent will turn up at once and then tell your significant other there will be a severe punishment if they disturb you i guarantee you that in one power hour like this with no distractions you will achieve more than you do in three hours with the disturbances now if you bit weird like me you might get carried away and make that a power six hours and you'll just forget the world exists and if you do that just make sure you blink i once didn't blink for six hours and it totally screwed up my eyes i'm not even kidding editing will do that to you now the next thing is and i'm pretty sure everyone does this without even realizing it but it's to stop watching your videos when you edit it so this is what happens you edit a video and you're like yeah man that was that was a great intro so you watch it again and again and then you edit more and then you go back and think oh i wonder if the beginning now works with the other work that i've done so if your video is ten minutes long and you've watched it like six times you've pretty much wasted an entire hour just watching it so there's a time and a place to re-watch your content but you just need to ask yourself when you find it about to happen is this really needed and that one question is going to save you a stack of time the sixth thing is to create a process now this is the big daddy of productivity whenever you need to find a workflow that is efficient for you and that's actually a really big part of editing you always want to do a great job and get better but you also need to continually question yourself and ask is there a faster way to do this because there nearly always is so let me give you an example let's say you've bat shot four youtube videos what do you do edit one video all the way through and complete it and then move on to the next or you could try what i do and edit your videos in levels so i'll go and i'll line up the a-roll for all four videos first and then i'll go back and i'll cut out all the mistakes and any content i feel doesn't need to be in the video and then i'll go and do a round where i just add the j cuts for all four then i'll do a round where i just add the text now this might not be right for you but i find that the headspace you're in for cutting out repetition adding j cuts and jump cuts is a totally different headspace to adding all of the really creative and sexy bits after so i try to batch things in an order and then finesse them all individually now the great thing about this is if you do all the boring bits first you then only got the fun bits left and it's just so much more enjoyable doing it that way now if you don't batch edit and it's just one video then it's still kind of like the same process whatever you do just don't edit the video from start to finish so by that i mean don't try and make the first 10 seconds fully complete and then edit the next 20 seconds to make that fully complete what will happen is you'll end up watching it back and then cutting out loads of these things towards the end that you've already edited if you start by lining up the narrative if that's what you have and then cut it back so it works exactly how you want it before you add the next steps it means that you won't have to go back and make any major changes to the story of your content which could end up undoing all of the work and time and effort you already put into the edit and then the seventh thing to do which is really important is to make sure you watch this video here to learn how to any video edit way better

  Top Comments:
  1. @FilmBooth [75 likes]: WATCH ME NEXT TO LEARN HOW TO SET UP TO FILM 10X FASTER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5I4u1fvdWJs
  2. @Yustimm2 [50 likes]: i've recently learned how to use movavi's ai tools and it indeed made my editing process faster
  3. @ouroboros6738: So I'm basically torturing myself by using beat up gear for editing 😂. Basically failed step 2 instantly
  4. @EurekaEd01: I use phone by the way LOL... But this still helps, thank you
  5. @Z64bit: One thing I'm doing since I'm editing live streams into videos is I'm editing all the important parts from the streams first and then going back and adding the cutaway parts for the narrative parts
  6. @mwizplayz: This guy's YouTube videos were actually so good...
  7. @NGNLRiku: here I am currently editing my next vid
and getting distracted by this
  8. @JuminoG: Productivity Hacks 🔥
  9. @HealingOutLoudwithJessy: I feel like if i hear you say there would be massive  consequences if I interrupted I would want to see what that was 😂
  10. @jamestheredd: This is the most helpful video I've found on this topic in my recent rabbit hole. Excellent tips!
  11. @CelestineAbalaka: 📌 Eliminate distractions! 

Me on my bed distracting myself from editing by watching this video.
  12. @Ghostly-8801: My problem is I do watch my videos and just essentially cut boring bits and then re watch the leftover stuff and add effects
  13. @SashaDubz: I didn't expect it but I actually got 2 or 3 good tips out of this. I'm not meaning I'm an expert, I just was really lost on what I could do to improve. The tips about not rewatching your content, bundling together commonly used assets, and then creating a standard process. It's been in the back of my head but I think you laid it out for me.

Thank you friend, I wish everyone a happy, peaceful, and fulfilling life.
  14. @Nova-fh2et: I get the point, but I honestly come up with the most effective changes that take my project to the next level by re-watching it frequently
  15. @mario-q1q: :yt: to filmbooth for :thanksdoc:
  16. @byoptimizer: Yo this was helpful – btw, I found this tool that saves crazy time editing (not mine lol), link in my bio if anyone wants it
  17. @ThClssrmPdcst: Very nice
  18. @Devil-ig7kl: You look like Ed Lawrence
  19. @tanvirhussain6106: Your right about distractions!
  20. @janaesdaze: Bro I FELT this add ten years to my life 😭

- Edit YouTube VIdeos 10X FASTER: Productivity hacks!: Kind: captions Language: en if you take forever to edit and just the thought of editing stops you from uploading videos we are about to speed up your entire editing system I stopped posting because it was taking me 4 hours to edit one video but then I decided I was going to challenge myself and today is day seven of my YouTube challenge and I have figured out how to edit my videos in less than an hour it's the only way I've been able to post a video every day for the last week I'm about to give you my lazy editing system mistakes to avoid so you stop wasting time and I'm going to show you how to edit so people will watch your videos longer also I have less than 2 hours to post this video I self-sabotaged today and procrastinated and waited till the very last minute so this is a true test before I show you my process there's a couple of rules the first rule is you have to get in your editing Zone if you want to edit laser fast that means no distractions I do this in a quiet place I uh put do not disturb on my phone I can't have anybody calling me in the middle of my process because then it'll take me 15 minutes to get back into the Zone this next rule is really hard but it saves you so much time how many times do you find yourself editing like the first 30 seconds to a minute of your video and then you're so pleased with yourself that you have to go back and watch that like three times before you even get to the next part and and then once you get to the next part then you do it again you got to stop rewatching your video you have to start and just go all the way through next this was a little hard for me to figure out if I could handle this but I eliminated music I know music can change the vibe and it can really pick up the pace and make your video come alive but I found that if I just skip the music all together I am saving a ton of time not looking for music and not trying to figure out if it's too loud or too quiet I do edit on my laptop because editing on my phone was making my hands hurt and we are over 40 so we need to think about these things here's the next one if you're doing this challenge with me and you are posting maybe not every day but a lot more frequently than you were then I hope you've learned this by now done is better than perfect like tonight I think subconsciously I put myself into this bind because I knew I was just not feeling the whole let's go make a video vibe and so now I have to adopt the done is better than perfect if I want to hit my deadline and get this guy up by 6:00 and you have to know this if you are going to overthink every little nook and cranny frame everything text you are going to take so much longer it's going to make this excruciating and you're going to be less likely to be consistent with posting your videos so again we are throwing out perfectionism we are throwing out overthinking we are having fun and we are getting it done this next one is really going to help you when it comes to getting people to watch your videos longer a lot of times when we are editing we think something in our video is so precious maybe we spent a long time recording it maybe we just really liked our kids in the video but you have to ask yourself is this something the viewer wants to see is it something they need to see to get the benefits of this video so you need to have a clear understanding as to why this person is watching the video so that when you go into editing you can think like them and leave out the stuff that's going to probably make them stop watching example yesterday when I was editing my video on how to record your videos 10 times faster I took out an entire section on me explaining why I thought it looked weird for people to dress up when they were recording their YouTube videos at home like on their living room couch it's just a little odd and I realized that's really not helping them record their videos faster so we can leave that out it is now 4:32 and we are moving the production upstairs for editing and someone asked me yesterday do you just move all your stuff from room to room well yes I put all my little tripods in my bag got my laptop and we're going to edit right over here we have a problem I'm off mic right now because my wired mic there's a short in it so all of a sudden you weren't able to hear me hopefully the other Clips are okay and this microphone is going to work because we are running out of time time H let's hope he works okay I've got the laptop I've got my memory card in now we are going to go in and label the clips all the clips that have the good takes none of the mess ups and we're going to import that into our editing app I should mention that I'm actually editing the video you're watching right now and I wanted to give you a hack that I use I use this free app called screencast to record my screen and that's what I'll be doing in this so that you can actually see what's happening on on the screen and I'm editing in iMovie by the way I I edit in Final Cut Pro now but up until a year ago I was editing on iMovie it is free it is simple and what I'm about to show you can be done on any editing app so I'm screen recording this but I wanted to show you so thought of editing keeps you from posting YouTube videos all right so I know that was a good one because I had like four mistakes before this and I just kept stopping until I got it right so I I'm just going to day seven is the name of this video is the clip I've got all my Clips labeled now I am going to import the media I've now imported all of the clips now all I'm doing is going and where I can see the blank space at the beginning and end of each clip I'm just going in I'm hitting control B that puts a splice there then I delete that dead clip I'm going through every one of those clips and doing that before I do anything else once all your talking head videos are on your timeline which by the way that is called a roll now you're going to add any b roll that you have so for my b roll and this video it's really just all these screen recordings that I'm doing so all I'm doing is taking them and putting them right over me talking so this is me talking and then this is what you guys are actually looking at on the screen then you start to add any titles any words to the screen that you want so there's a really fast way which is you add them in iMovie and then there's another way that I'll show you in just a bit okay the easy way is you're going to go up here to titles then I don't use a lot of the ones in iMovie but the one I will use is we'll try this one so I'm just going to highlight them and then pull them down and then I can say I want them centered and then day seven of my let's see what that looks like and today is day seven of my YouTube challenge and that works so that was the easy way to do text if you're a pro editor you're going to roll your eyes at this but I use canva for most of my Graphics even in Final Cut Pro because I'm just fast at it I know where my fonts are it's easy so when you see me do little text flying in on a background I can do that in Final Cut Pro but I'm faster at it on canva and so that's what I did this is one of them right here I just hit the animate and I went on enter and then pan and then there you go and then all I do is export that as an mp4 and I add it like b-roll on my timeline just right over my voice done is better than perfect we are done we are a little bit after 6:00 okay but I didn't fact in the fact that I was going to be recording and editing at the same time so there's that and now I have to ask you what do I do next I I did this for seven days in a row do I keep going and if so what would you like me to cover in my next few videos I'm still trying to decide how long I'm going to do this but I feel like I'm I'm on a roll and I don't want to really mess it up and I'm hoping that you are participating in this Challenge and that you also are getting a rhythm for this or at least you're thinking about it I will keep doing it if you will keep doing it and tell me what we should talk about in the comments

  Top Comments:
  1. @triumphantdf [17 likes]: 4 hours? Mine take days, we are not the same😂
  2. @JasenomadeTV [1 likes]: Try 10 times rewatching my videos while editing 😅
  3. @GodGirlGrowing: I know nothing about editing!  😢
  4. @ozymandiskingofkings: Spot on with the music, one has to be very good to use music properly.
  5. @Meandering6: More tips on canva clips for your editing and more help with iMovie editing please! Like hacks to edit faster. Also organization on how to get it all done every week! I love your videos! Thank you!
  6. @3TropfenFeuer: I just learned, why I like to binge watch your videos, but can‘t stand 3 videos in a row from other creators: It‘s the music, that you‘re not using 🔇
  7. @outlawflyer7868: I movie is not free nor is Capcut.
  8. @kascimo: this is an early comment maybe you pointed out these things in the video:
If you're the one scripting and recording I don't think editing would take 4 hours, I heard this advice from a professional editor "edit before you edit" which means when you're scripting/recording you need to have the idea of what the video would look like and you gotta take notes of things you wanna add in the video, download everything to one folder in the order they're in the script and sort by date once you open that folder on your editing software you'll find the assets you acquired it the order you want them for the video which makes draging and dropping them easier
  9. @susieyarbrough9845: I don’t like music in videos that I  watch from start to finish. So I’m not going to be doing music anyhow. ✅
  10. @ekemini-robert: You're a superheroine. Thanks
  11. @greggreen5510: The two most important tips are "Done is better than perfect," and "DON'T add music." One of the worst things to experience is music that is too loud that makes it very difficult to hear what is being said. Thank you, Virginia, for this awesome series!
  12. @raiseyourvoice-expertvocal: Really helpful videos, thank you. What about talking about how to decide what any particular video should be about and how to present it in a natural way?
  13. @LalasForestFriends: 🐰🐿️Pushing thru with my little wildlife channel…DONE is better than PERFECT is right!💯🎉 Thank you, Jennifer!❤
  14. @Curlsbyshawntajohns: Having fun and getting it done! ✅
  15. @Sleepy_Sarge: Having fun and gettin’ it done! - Me in 2026
  16. @Pathofanempath: Love watching you. So inspirational.🎉❤❤
  17. @basspig: As a recent convert to DaVinci Resolve studio version 20.1, and using the Blackmagic design speed editor, I find my editing speed has increased enormously over the days when I used to use Adobe premiere. Things like power bins where I store frequently used titles copyright logos graphic logos and other stuff that is boilerplate material speeds up my work because it is a global folder accessible to any new project I create. And then there are so many titles and animated titles that are easy to tweak and modify and customize to the look I want. And finally if I get bad audio for some reason I can use the vocal isolator or speech isolator I forget the exact name of it and get rid of the noise in the background and a lot of the room Echo and make the voice easy to hear. And for the cherry on top if I want subtitles I can just click on the feature that creates a transcript and subtitles.
  18. @pratapswarnakar89: Your video inspired me a lot because I also had an educational YouTube channel that I closed 5 years ago, but I kept getting requests to make videos, but I couldn't.I want to start over and I love the way the canvas you use to animate text in your videos or the animations you use to explain the topics you cover, they blend so beautifully with your videos. I want to know why you don't make a video of how the texts come out with such beautifully synchronized voices. It would be a great help to many of us. I'm trying to do it with canva but I can't synchronize the timing with a video. Please help me.
  19. @wolfeytbonegamingfun: Not a bad idea ngl
  20. @wolfeytbonegamingfun: # my last vid took 4h for 5min :)

- How to Make YouTube Videos 10x Faster w/ Ali Abdaal: Kind: captions Language: en for the first 3 years of my YouTube channel I was a full-time medical student and then working full-time as a doctor here in the UK you got to like wake up at 6:30 got to drive an hour to work got to be at work from like 8:00 till 5:30 p.m. and hope that you don't have to stay behind late you drive an hour back home from work it takes a bit longer because there rush hour when everyone's trying to get home you get home you cook and then by that time it's time to sleep again and and then just repeat the process and go to work the next day where the hell do you find the time to make the YouTube videos even now I still struggle to find the time for YouTube videos because now I'm building a business and blah blah blah and have a whole team of like 20 people and all that jazz having said that somehow I've become known as a productivity expert and so I want to share some of the things that have really helped in the world of creating educational content that makes it feel a little bit more effortless you got to just press record hey what's up Sean canel here with think media in this video we're going to be learning from Ali abdal he recently spoke at our think media YouTube Summit and if you actually want to get on the weight list for the next one we'll put a link to that in the description down below but in this video he shares his five Step video creation process all the way from ideation to publishing the video and this is going to help you not only save time and be more productive but'll ultimately help you get more views as well so let's cut right into the video essentially what I realized after talking to a business coach what we did was we got out a big piece of paper and we drew out the stages of video production and the first stage is idea generation the next stage you know at the time I was making the video first and then doing the title and thumbnail but what I what I appreciate now is that title thumbnail and even hook tth comes first if there is only one thing you take away from this talk do not even think about what your video is going to be don't even think about writing the video unless you know what the title thumbnail and hook is going to be you don't have to create the thumbnail in canva or photoshop and stuff but like you should have a very good idea of what's the title what is the thumbnail and what's the hook and by hook I mean the first 30 seconds all of that stuff should be done way in a advance of actually trying to write that video if so you start with the idea this is the concept of the video you got title thumbnail hook then it comes down to writing the video then it comes down to film then it comes down to edit and then sort of like publish and analytics and stuff that sort of thing and at the time he asked me you know how much time are you spending at each level of the process and I was spending like 10 hours a week on editing which was just really dumb and he encouraged me to Outsource my video editing and so after 2 years of doing all my video editing myself I decided to Outsource my video editing the number one tip unfortunately that I would recommend for anyone who is struggling with consistency or time management is you cannot be editing your own videos unless you really really really love it and if you really really really love it then fine okay is it the highest value thing you could be doing etc etc but we're thinking like a business right editing is for most channels a thing that could be done by other people editing does not is not necessarily the thing that you have to do yourself so you automatically free up a ridiculously large amount of time by just Outsourcing your video editing um then at this point people like well I'm not making enough money and etc etc and yeah I I I would really be thinking what is the dollar value of your time what is the dollar value of your time maybe your YouTube channel isn't making money but how much do you value your time would you rather edit videos for 8 hours or would you rather spend those 8 hours coming up with new ideas or coming up with filming new things or spending time with your family or hanging out with your kids all of that stuff what I realized is that even when my YouTube channel wasn't making money I should have really outsourced my editing because yeah I was working as a doctor I was earning like $15 an hour so my time is worth at least $15 an hour right and I can find an editor for $10 an hour great I've now got Arbitrage on my time I have now freed up this enormous bottleneck which is the fact that it takes me 10 hours a week to do my editing so the first recommendation I would give is please please please Outsource your video editing people always have issues with this I have a whole session in my course where we teach people how to Outsource their video editing people always like oh I don't have the money no one can edit like me but like my style is so unique and every time for the last four years I've been saying to every student in my YouTuber Academy that like guys come on you just need to Outsource your editing here's how you do it and every single person I've ever met who's actually outsourced the editing has come back and said to me wow I'm so glad you pushed me to Outsource my editing because now I have all this free time and now I'm not stressed anymore etc etc so if there is one thing you take away from this talk please let it be that if you are currently doing a video editing I would implore you do whatever you can to Outsource that get it off your plate because usually for most people editing is not the fun part of making YouTube videos if it is it's a different story but you're kind of in the minority there so we realized we should Outsource my video editing um the other thing I've realized over time is that you know what's the thing that takes the next amount of time idea generation is kind of quick making a title and a thumbnail like you just take a lot of photos you have a thumbnail photo library you have you have a house style for thumbnails it's not that bad the writing process has the potential to take a very large amount of time what I realized is that scripting videos is a total waste of time if you are a educational YouTuber and you are struggling to produce videos consistently I would very much recommend not scripting your videos and instead just talking through bullet points scripting videos word for word my goodness that takes a huge amount of time ideally when it comes to this thing around finding your Niche ideally the thing you're making videos about is something you feel sufficiently something that you feel you're enough of an expert in that you don't need to script things word for word cuz usually talking through bullet points you're more confident on camera you're more comfortable doing it and it takes a lot less time than scripting videos word for word so what I realized for myself is that if I wanted to be consistent with making YouTube videos especially when I had a day job is that I could not script them word for word I tried but it would take me like 12 hours to script a video and then I'd be trying to read it off a teleprompter and then it would be a total show and I'll be like Oh I'm stumbling over my words and so if I just remove that requirement to script things word for word and I just thought about bullet points then that made all the difference if you got value from that session with all all hit the like button and you can check out Ali's Channel linked up in the description down below also highly recommend his book Feelgood productivity you can grab it on audiobook or physical that'll be in the description as well and if you want to check out Gary vaynerchuk session from our YouTube Summit click or tap the screen to watch that next subscribe if you're not subscribed and I'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Din_a_di_14 [113 likes]: you haven't mentioned where do you edit?? i've recently really liked movavi, the toolset and interface are just for me ig
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [17 likes]: What was your biggest take away from the process shared? 📝Let us know below! ⬇
🔗Join the waitlist for the next Grow With Video YouTube Summit ➡︎ http://GrowWithVideoLive.com
📚Check out Ali’s book, "Feel-Good Productivity" ➡︎  https://geni.us/96HLe
 📺Watch Gary Vaynerchuk’s session from our YouTube Summit ➡︎https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl0QgZCgct0&t=0s
  3. @Ghazoo99 [2 likes]: Ali Abdaal is such a Goldmine of YT knowledge. 
He's so right about the time wastage in editing...
  4. @LocustAndWildHoney [1 likes]: Where do you look to find people who are qualified to edit videos?
  5. @elevators_escalatorsandme: ali abdaal + faster workflow tips = instant productivity boost 😭🔥
  6. @QuanishaMoody: Where's the full video?
  7. @QuanishaMoody: I value my time ALOT, but how do I find quality video editors I can use consistently?
  8. @EnglishEvolution: Any native-English-speaking editors lurking in these comments? I'd love to find a competent editor.
  9. @prm4uofficial: The batch-and-template approach Ali describes for scripting is solid, but one thing I'd add is pre-building a "hook bank" — spend 20 minutes once a week writing 10 opening lines for future videos so you're never staring at a blank page when it's time to film. That alone can cut scripting time nearly in half. Curious though, for anyone applying his 5-step process — are you finding the biggest time savings in pre-production or in the editing phase?
  10. @JulieFlynnStrong: Editing costs Minimum 150$ USA per video! I can’t afford half that!! Ugh any decent editors …
  11. @doctor_no_: Editing can be done by other people after you become famous 😭
  12. @DanielSantos-ym8vd: Not sure in what dimension you could hire a competent video editor for a poverty wage.
  13. @NikolaStamenkovic6: If you are earning 0 $/hr whats the issue in learning how to edit???
  14. @sumitgandhi6178: If you outsource your video all your money will be wasted and you will be failed if you are on a tight budget 

Take the pain use canva filmora these are easy dont listen to this guy 

If you dont know editing yourself editors will make a fool out of you
  15. @user-zp6ff2gr4n: Wake up at 0630? Half a day?
  16. @senoner90: I tried outsourcing editing, but I just had to spend so much time giving all the instructions and then asking them to edit again and again. The whole process really irritated me, because the editor kept sending me back poorly edited versions. In all the time I spent dealing with the editor, I could have edited the video myself I guess.
  17. @leeannsmith_: To sum it up: do YouTube like back in the day. Sit in front of a camera and press record… The process has become so unnecessarily complex
  18. @cheinstudio: I’m a video editor and also create thumbnails — if anyone needs help, feel free to contact me
  19. @Boluggg: bro bullet points is so much better its crazy
  20. @desertshadow72: Excellent, and not only a hook, you need a killer ending/outro one-liner

- Become The FASTEST EDITOR Alive! (Premiere Pro Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en so you've been editing for hours and it feels like you're not going forward you just want to get it done faster without losing quality well it's your lucky day because you're about to learn the secrets to editing super efficient let's launch Premiere number one trimming your videos faster and without using a mouse to do that you need to understand Ripple trim first let me demonstrate when you drag your playhead on a clip and hit the q key everything on the left side of your playhead will be deleted and the remaining part will snap to the clip in front let's say I want to delete the last part of my clip then simply drag the play it and hit the W key this will delete everything on the right side of the play at and all the clips on the right side will snap to your current clip now that that's clear we're gonna take a look at the jkl keys with the L key you can play four words in the timeline if you press it two times the play it will move two times as fast you can keep tapping L to speed up the playback to stop playing the video Hit gay on your keyboard now let's move on to the J key this one works exactly the same but you can use it to play your video backwards or to rewind okay now you know how to navigate through your timeline you can add cuts and use the Q and W buttons to trim your video extremely fast this is great for rough edits but what if you want to make these super precise Cuts you need to be able to move around frame per frame and you can do that with the arrow keys Unfortunately they are too far away from the JK L Keys now to make it more accessible we're gonna set some shortcuts go to edit and then keyboard shortcuts in the command list search for one frame fine step back and select it then hit the End Key now select step forward and choose the period key or whatever key is underneath the L key now you can set your Cuts extremely fast and precise your edits will be done in no time next I want to give you my secret customized shortcuts that will help you speed up your edits first go to edit and then again on the bottom choose keyboard shortcuts as you can see most F keys on top are unused and you can actually use them to assign your own favorite shortcut Studio on F1 I like to have keyframe ease out shortcuts to do that find it in the command list type in temporal then once you've found it click the n empty space next to ease out now press F1 on your keyboard I also added ease into F2 and linear to F3 Now when using keyframes you can use the F Keys instead of right clicking constantly for F5 I added the nest feature that way you can quickly Nest a selection in the timeline on the F6 key I added the frame hold shortcut that way I can add freeze frames in a second now there's so much more you can do with custom shortcuts so definitely explore them the next trick is going to blow you away learning your shortcuts in general will seriously step up your editing workflow I actually know a hack that will help you learn them super super fast here you can see a special Premiere goal editing keyboard from editor's Keys they're also sponsoring this video by the way now as you can see all the Premiere Pro shortcuts are right there on the keyboard they are color grouped as well so that you can see what each button does when you hold down shift for example this will help you learn shortcuts you didn't even know existed the battery of this thing is amazing the charging time is 4 hours and they actually claimed that this thing can last up to 3 months on a single charge the keyboard is fully backlit and you can change the brightness as well it's also cross-platform compatible so you can use it on your Mac Windows Android iOS whatever you can actually connect multiple devices to your keyboard at once with these Bluetooth profiles for example a laptop PC and a Mac now if you don't like it Wireless they also have wired keyboards as well now what if you're not looking for a keyboard but you really want to learn your shortcuts well they actually have keyboard covers for MacBooks or for the iPad magic case this is of course for Premiere Pro DaVinci Final Cut and much more all you need to do is lay it on top of your keyboard and when typing you barely notice the cover this also works as a protection to make sure your keyboard stays clean if it gets dirty you can just wash it off there you go so if you want to level up your editing skills check out editor's keys by clicking the link in the description down below now let's get back to Premiere what if you could turn multiple lumetri effects into one single Lut that would save us a lot of time because we don't have to mess around with presets anymore now unfortunately that's impossible unless you know my secret workaround so in the effects controls you can see both my elementary effects to turn them into a Lut go to the timeline and duplicate your clip then with the second clip selected go back to the effect controls and delete the lumetri effects now go to the metric panel and open up the color wheel and matchstab in here click on comparison view now with program monitor you will see your current clip on the right and on the left you can select a reference clip with the timeline find the video with the two lumetri effects applied now it's time to match your new clip with the reference video you can also change the view of your comparison I like it to be on split now to match the clips click on apply match there you go both your Elementary effects are now applied in one lumetri effect which means we can turn it into a lot now to do that go to the menu on top and choose export.q now in future videos all you need to do is apply this deer load and there you go you're done so you ever just want to drag your Clips in the timeline and Bam the clips are perfectly synced to your music now Vermeer is something called automated sequence that will save you a lot of time first move the player to the beginning and then press the spacebar to press M to place a marker on every beat of the song you know just use your feeling for music now head over to the project window and go to the first clip then move your cursor into this blue line if you press I on your keyboard you will set an in point this means that when you drag it in the timeline the clip will start from the end point you selected do this for all your Clips next you want to put them in the right order that you want them to be in the timeline now when that's done click the automate to sequence button in this window you can choose the type of ordering which is going to be in the order of the project window now set the placement to unnumbered markers to sync them with the markers we set then click on OK and now all your Clips are synced to your music next up premieres templates stop making empty projects creating the same folders adding the same assets over and over again this is a Time killer in Premiere beta you can actually save this project and use it again as a template to do that go to file then save as template let me give it a name real quick now when you create a new project from scratch you can choose this project as a template and all your assets and folders will be loaded inside this is a huge Time Saver and soon this will be available to the official version of Premiere now let's move on to the next trick so you're almost done editing and you suddenly notice that one of your audio clips is missing now instead of wasting time on searching for your audio clip and trying to sync it again I know a trick that you're gonna love select the clip with the missing audio then hit F on your keyboard and this will open up the source of your video This is called Mets frame and the in and out point of your clip will be right here now simply click and drag the audio waveform into the timeline and there you go your audio is now recovered so you probably already know that you can transcribe speech inside the Premiere Pro text panel now it's not really necessary that you do this for every clip separately Premiere can now do this in the background as soon as you import a clip to enable this feature go to edit and then preferences then click on transcription here you can choose to automatically enable transcriptions then you can of course choose to Auto transcribe your Clips in the sequence or the timeline but you can also select to all important Clips if you go down you can choose to enable language detection in my case this is always going to be English now when you drag your Clips inside Premiere it will start transcribing automatically and on the top right you can follow the process but in the meantime you can just continue your work now if you've been testing the new beta you already know that the new features are mind-blowing for example you can now delete pauses and fill the words with one click of a button to do that go to the filter icon on top choose for example pauses every pass will be highlighted in your transcript and to delete them all at once simply click the delete button then choose extract and there you go that is amazing now there are many more new beta features you should definitely check out and to do that click the video right here on my left thank you guys so much for watching and as always stay creative

  Top Comments:
  1. @sirajboumliksaid [51 likes]: if you want to practice in editing, start with movavi, it's my personal recommendation
  2. @PremiereBasics [6 likes]: Get 96% Discount on the Video Creator Bundle 2024! (offer ends June 13). The best collection of VFX assets, plugins, courses from industry professionals and more !
👉 http://videobundle.net
  3. @lessemo: bro are your links working?
  4. @Memes_a_million: who knew all life's problems could be fixed by pressing Q... THANK YOU
  5. @Doorampball: Already learned something in the first 20 seconds
  6. @vinciandres: The f for the missing audio... thanks
  7. @christianzulueta6581: hi, i just wanna say i;m an avid learner of your premiere pro tutorial. but for this comment i would like to be honest that i don't appreciate it (not exactly this video) that when your title and thumbnail says 5 tips for example but in the actual video you only gave 4 while the 5 is in the next video, isn't that cheating? i'm like saying the video didn't delivered what was promised? just saying and being honest. again, i am learning so much from your tutorials. i just wanna be honest with that part. thank you.
  8. @wmijn00: I love how Filmora lets you experiment with creative masking without any technical headaches.
  9. @idnnn-s2r: Filmora turns me into a speed-editing pro—no stress, just results
  10. @LincolnMadrid-j4s: if you want to practice in editing, start with movavi, it's my personal recommendation
  11. @ParthPanchal-009: i'm just here for project template👀
  12. @am1rhose1nIR: 5:50 Nice
  13. @nothing_but_nina102: WOW! Such a great video 🤩
  14. @SabanBEo: nice
  15. @NightBoundYT: Not 2 hours, 2days and i didn't do s**t😭
  16. @ExtremeShot: Amazing Video 💛
  17. @ShredMentor: Absolute GOLD. Thank you for making this video!
  18. @heberrodas6844: Super helpful, straight to the point 🔥
  19. @fact_shack7: Thanks for this!
  20. @sheryashjoshi7978: not help full temporal keyframe esay in not adding any shortcut

- Collaborations on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Collaborations make it easier to showcase&nbsp; how you work with other creators on YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; and grow your channels together. You can add&nbsp; up to five collaborators on a single video,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will feature each creator's name and&nbsp; a subscribe button for all channels. The&nbsp;&nbsp; video will appear in the subscriptions feed of&nbsp; all listed collaborators audiences and may be&nbsp;&nbsp; recommended to them, increasing discoverability.&nbsp; Let's walk through how to use collaborations and&nbsp;&nbsp; some important things to keep in mind when using&nbsp; them. To invite other creators to a collaboration&nbsp;&nbsp; on your videos in Shorts, head to YouTube Studio&nbsp; on desktop or mobile. During the upload flow&nbsp;&nbsp; under the details page, choose show more, then&nbsp; invite a collaborator. Search for the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to add. You can also choose whether&nbsp; to grant the collaborator analytics viewing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Note that even if you grant this access, they&nbsp; won't be able to see your revenue information.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then choose create link. Here you can share the&nbsp; link with the person you want to collaborate&nbsp;&nbsp; with. The link will be active after you&nbsp; upload your video. You can invite up to&nbsp;&nbsp; five channels to collaborate with. You'll be&nbsp; able to see when a collaborator has accepted&nbsp;&nbsp; your invitation and use the three dot menu&nbsp; to reshare the link, manage analytics access,&nbsp;&nbsp; or remove the collaborator. Once your video&nbsp; is uploaded in the invited channels accept&nbsp;&nbsp; the invite link, the video or short will display&nbsp; all collaborators channel names with a subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button for each. To feature your collaborations&nbsp; on your channel homepage, head to YouTube Studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; then customization, then home tab. Choose&nbsp; add section, then choose collaborations. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's walk through some important things to&nbsp; keep in mind when using collaborations. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; even when you add collaborators, you're still&nbsp; in control of the video or short. Only you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make changes to the video. You'll also retain&nbsp; full ownership. As the owner, you'll keep all&nbsp;&nbsp; the revenue, views, and watch time from the video.&nbsp; And remember, if you have paid product placements,&nbsp;&nbsp; endorsements, or sponsorships, you'll need&nbsp; to check the paid promotions box. For more&nbsp;&nbsp; info on using collaborations on your videos and&nbsp; shorts, check out the links in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [442 likes]: Collaborations will be rolling out to all creators over the next few weeks!

Want to see Collaborations in action? Check out our MadeOn YouTube collab with Colin and Samir➡ https://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBghttps://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBg
  2. @Slingehwaran [1 likes]: Ok😭
  3. @hennerbichlerbua6646 [1 likes]: thank you simple and all that is needed
  4. @maddierinfret408 [1 likes]: Wow
  5. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: Thank you ❤
  6. @Manu_Diaries2027: ❤
  7. @theenehemiah: It doesn’t work I can’t accept it I’m mad😭😡
  8. @EcaterinaVic: Girlllllll im sorry i can not acces the link idk why🥺
  9. @SkepticPhilosophy: This looks to no longer work unless you are monetized.
  10. @0Lucky_gamer: Chalo ek dusre ko saport karte hai 🙏🙏😥😊
  11. @AniketJoshi21: This collaboration feature is such a powerful tool for community growth🤝 I love how it puts the subscribe button for all creators front and center while keeping the owner in full control of the video. Thanks for the clear walkthrough🚀✨
  12. @legendart711: I collaborated with someone with huge subscribers still my video has only less than 1k views 😣
  13. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: I need  collaboration please
  14. @joy-n5e2n: Hey
  15. @advikasingh123-t4e: Hello Everyone how are you 😊
  16. @schrodingeroberscharfuhrer2015: YOUTUBE JUST USED THE COLLABRATION AGAINST THE LOST NARRATOR
  17. @Fasteroid: I'm indifferent to most YouTube features but this one is objectively good.  More like it please.
  18. @Mr.QuixLe: thanks
  19. @cancebeci: The profile picture area on YouTube is far too small. Generally, our profile photos reflect our interests. For content creators in specific niches, this could be a way to get discovered even through a simple comment on a video. For example, when a tennis creator sets their profile picture as a tennis racket, a court, or a photo of themselves playing, they can immediately engage with users who share the same interest.
​However, the problem is that the section allocated for profile pictures on YouTube is so tiny that you have to click on them individually just to see what’s in the photo. This is quite inefficient. When we comment on any video, our profile pictures should be more prominent and clear. Improving this would encourage YouTube creators to be more active and leave more comments in order to be discovered."
  20. @JungleChallenger: Thank you so much YouTube Creators team!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- YouTube's NEW Collaboration Tool (What You NEED to Know!): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube's new collaboration tool is here, and today we're going to show you how to do a collaboration, how exactly it works when you're inviting another channel, and what kind of data you're able to gather after you've done the collaboration. So, without further ado, let's get started. YouTube has made a bunch of updates and this is one of the first ones where it's starting to act like some of the other channels like an Instagram or a Tik Tok where you can actually have some kind of synergy between you and another account. Can't tell you how many times where I get the question from a client where it's like how do I best collaborate with a brand? It's like well maybe you put on the homepage, same playlist, you shout out the handle, etc. Now we have a way where it's a lot more actually cohesively working together. So, you can see here's one of my videos on the back end of my channel. I'm thinking to myself, you know what would really go well is I'm going to go ahead and add a collaboration with YouTube because I'm making so many great free platform updates for them. They should collaborate with me, right? So, you would click in the show more section. And then as you scroll down, you're going to see collaboration. Grow your audience by collaborating with other creators and expand your videos reach to their audiences. Then you can click learn more and it brings you exactly where I already was in case you want to see the actual Google support pages on these which tend to give you the most information. Although this one spoiler alert is lacking significantly. So you go click invite a collaborator and then you'd search for the channel that you want to uh collaborate with. So I'm going to search for YouTube, right? YouTube. And then I'm able to give them the option of whether they can view the analytics or not. This allows the person to see its analytics from them since it's been published except for revenue. So if there's a reason you don't want them to see the historical of the video or maybe you're doing a little bit more YouTube advertising and you've uh let on, maybe that's a reason to leave it toggled off. But outside of that, it just allows them to get a little bit of an understanding of how that video has performed on your channel. Once again, without revenue metrics. So what you'll do, so I'll toggle on. I'll say create link and then it creates this link. This is one of the main things I want to call out about this feature that I think some people don't understand quite yet. This is not going to be a spray and prey methodology. This isn't like, man, if I just try to collaborate with, you know, Ronaldo and Mr. Beast and YouTube that maybe they'll accept my collaboration, I'm I'm off to the the land of fame and popularity and YouTube growth. That's that's not how this actually works at all. uh you actually have to have a relationship with the channel for the collaboration to be accepted. The way this works is when you make the link, it's exa it's actually a bespoke link between your channel collaboration invites and their channel. So they're not getting notified. There isn't like a exhaustive collaboration space where likehm maybe I'll click this one. That is probably wise because obviously many people be predatory to bigger creators. I'm sure one of the main emails creators and brands are going to get is like, "Please collab on my video." It does not work that way. Having a direct relation is the only way these collaborations are going to get accepted. So, hopping back over to our screen share. You would uh copy that link, right? Click share. You can, you know, you can copy the collaboration link here if you want to. And then click save. And then you would reach out to that person who has the channel access to accept that collaboration. As you can see this picture here, it's got hey, there's no collaboration requests at this moment in time. On the flip side, as you can see here, once you do receive that collaboration, uh it will look like this. And you'll see the video that they are wanting you to collaborate with. It will give you kind of the information that you need to know. And then you can choose whether you want to collaborate with that or not. After you've accepted the collaboration, you have this collaboration tab that goes uh in the back end where you can see all the videos you've collaborated with. You can even create a collaboration shelf on your channel homepage. But let's talk about exactly what happens once you've accepted that collaboration. And then we'll get into the data. It's been clear from YouTube that it's going to expand the reach of your video. Right? Of course, there's always the option to click subscribe on both of the channels, all five of the channels, however many channels you have in the collaborated effort, and you have the opportunity to subscribe to all the channels if you so desire. On top of that, in theory, it will uh be pushed to the audiences of those channels. Now, this isn't going to come in this the subscriber notification bell method, but it will show up in the subscription feed. Now, I don't know how many people actually go there for their content. I don't personally do that myself. The home feature does a pretty good job, but from my understanding that this should come up in the home feature, browse feature, etc. as well. I don't know much more about like the suggested and those types of things. But at the very least, you're going to get at least some great uh front page real estate when it comes to utilizing this collaboration. The one thing that kind of kills me about this tool, if I'm being completely transparent, is that you don't really have a way to see how much the particular channel you collaborated with drove traffic specifically to that video. Right? So, if I know the videos on my channel and I want to see the impact that YouTube's video has had and it expanding its reach, there might be some indicators like a massive spike in new viewership. Obviously, if you know your overall benchmark for each video and it's head and tails above, those could be some good signs, but there's not like a collaboration traffic source that breaks down the channel's audiences that were driven to that specific video. I would love to see that update in the future because I think that'd be really, really impactful. Uh, but at this time, you don't really get that data layer. you can just see the uptick, especially if the reach is so much more than what you typically receiving or even if it's like doubled or comparable, you would know based off your benchmarks. Another thing that I want to make sure is absolutely crystal clear is that the video if you collaborate with it is not going to show up on your video page. That's not how this works. Like I said, you can have a collaboration shelf. You can see on the back end those collaborations, it's not showing up on your channel homepage. Just to be a bundle of clear, it's it is original to the channel that it's uploaded. What you can see analytically is if you've decided to collaborate with a video, so you're not the one who's uploaded, but decide to collaborate with it. There's one data metric that is bespoke to the collaboration that you can't see on the back end of YouTube Studio. And let me show you what that looks like here. As you can see here, you're getting the historical of the video, its watch time. So, see, I can see all the way back to where it began. But the one metric that's specific to you as the collaborator is how many subscribers were generated via this collaboration. This collaboration got you 12 new subscribers. And you can see that here. This is when the collaboration started and this is how many subscribers has been generated since. So that's right now the main metric you can see when it comes to like hey how much did this behoove my channel. It is limited in the data options at this moment in time but at least you're getting some kind of layer of understanding of the impact that the video has had or the collaboration has had for you. Lastly, we're going to look at the Google support page. It gives us a little bit of an idea of where the collaboration is going to show. Can you use them for literally anything on YouTube? how they work with paid promotions and some of the elements of discovery and revenue that you might like to know. So, let's go over here. So, as has been stated in the videos, but if you haven't heard already, it's up to five creators, right? Five channels to be add as collaborators in your video, and it can be seen on desktop, mobile, and TV. Not only that, you can do these both for long form videos and shorts. You can invite a collaborator to an archive live stream but not an active live stream. So this is not something where you can set up a active live stream and have a collaboration happening at this time. I anticipate this probably changing down the road, but until then it is specifically for long form videos and shorts. Uh it would be interesting to see exactly how the collaboration impacts a a shorts performance. Um, but I do think probably the more last impact is the long form videos. Paid promotions. When you upload or edit video containing a paid promotion YouTube studio, select paid promotion, then select your brand partner's channel. This connects your video to your brand partner's Google Ads account where they can review your video's performance. If your brand partner uses your video in their ads, the video features your name and your brand partner's name along with a subscribe button for each channel. once again create more of a cohesion between uh these paid promotions. And then last but not least, discovery and revenue. Collaborations are meant to encourage discovery. That's what they've been saying. Our goal is to recommend the video to the audiences of both collaborators and the channel where the video was posted. However, you may not notice changes in search or recommendations at first. The channel where the collaboration video was posted receives the earn revenue. Revenue is not split between your collaborators. So, one thing they're calling out is that you might not notice a change in search recommendations at first. So, it might take a beat for this to kick in, and that's just something to be aware of that it's not going to be instantaneous according to this Google support page. Overall, the collaboration tool is a great way for you to connect with creators or brands that you're working with on content. The data component here is outside of you knowing your numbers and the perhaps the uptick that you're experiencing or rather maybe no uptick at all. Uh there's only really the subscribers generated via the collaboration that's bespoke data metric to the actual cohesion and synergy taking place. I would love to see more layers of data like how much is being driven by the particular channels you're collaborating with because especially if you have a couple, it's hard to determine which one drove the most interest. When it comes to discoverability, you're not getting a new subscriber bell. You're really getting an impact of expanded reach and it will show up in that subscription tab. It's a tool that I think you need to still be wise about. Like don't just do it all the time. I think you need to think through what you're trying to do with that collaboration and you're solely using it as like clout syncing or ways to massively grow your channel at a quick pace. You know, I I do think that there's something to be said about channels that are built brick by brick, not by splashes. Um, it can happen. I'm not against it, but I think just be careful. You know, I think take an approach that's tasteful and mindful of like you want to grow an authentic audience that cares about you. Overall, I hope you use collaborations. And as I always say, folks, have a great day and happy creating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllTheWorldsillZ [1 likes]: What if I’m starting a new channel and want to separate my content from my main channel.. will this feature be helpful in creating a channel that has some context to it before I start fresh uploads? (Hope that makes sense, great video)
  2. @Delvy787 [1 likes]: I'll be unsubscribing from any creator I follow that uses this until YT gives the ability to keep collaborated vides from showing in my sub feed. These videos need to be placed in a different channel.
  3. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: You need to get more views on this video. Very helpful !
  4. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: Omg this videos is amazing thank you!
  5. @TrillGangSTK7: But i dont get the link once they send the share link
  6. @liveswithrobots: Thanks for clearing up that I have to send the collaboration link manually via external means of communication.
  7. @FRIGHT_KNIGHT_J: Can you tell me if I post a video and collaborate how do I show it on my videos and theirs
  8. @KellyCasanova: Thank you, very helpful!
  9. @HardBoy1: I am just getting the hang of how collaboration works. I actually thought that when you send out an invite, they will get a notification of a pending invite. Just like a mention, but you are saying you have to find a way to contact that creator, especially if they don't know who you are :face-purple-crying:
  10. @even1313: I'm fairly certain the most important feature is not mentioned here. How do I turn it off?

I choose whose videos go into my feed. Not you.
  11. @sethxenofightersofficialx: Any indie game developers want to collab with me hi im seth and im making a smash bros fighting game xenofighters 
My game is almost ready for play testing
  12. @baldandbrokeTV: If I were to collaborate with someone outside my niche I image that would only confuse the algorithm right? My channel is about philosophy and existential dread. If I collaborate with a channel about about fishing that would likely hurt growth
  13. @Lothnar5070: Another spam feature from Youtube. If anyone I'm subbed to does this I'll unsub from them, I don't want my page full of shit I don't want.
  14. @BeatriceLouisa-x4g: Thank you for sharing this video!😃
  15. @Relationshipandmarriagetalks: Any relationship and family matters channel?
  16. @SsaajaaVERSE: Is it also going to push to algorithm from the invited channel or just the main channel who owned it ?
  17. @TheMidnightStriker: Hi Trevor, I'm a small YouTuber and really appreciate your content. I want to start doing collaborations — what's the best way to send my video/channel link to other YouTubers (email, DMs, or something else)? Thanks for all the helpful tips!
  18. @chillsoundscorner: Any music channels want to collab with me??
  19. @kronikbro: Will collaboration increase watch hours?
  20. @TheHouseHoppers1: That was really helpful! Another travel channel asked if we would collaborate and it really through us as we are only a small channel. Also, we didn't know how it works. After watching your video we are in a much better position. thanks again.

- How to Use YouTube Collaborations to Grow Your Channel in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to Tech Vibe Nexus today we're talking about collaborations and how to leverage other creators for growth let's dive in first let's discuss why collaborations are beneficial partnering with other creators allows you to tap into their audience expanding your reach and gaining new subscribers it's a win-win situation where both creators can share their expertise and creativity tip one find the right Partners look for creators in your Niche or those with similar audience make sure their content aligns with yours to ensure a natural fit this will make the collaboration more authentic and engaging for both audiences tip two plan your collaboration carefully discuss ideas formats and goals with your partner whether it's a joint video a shout out or a guest appearance having a clear plan will help both of you create valuable content that resonates with your viewers tip three promote each other share the collaboration on your social media platform forms and encourage your partner to do the same this cross promotion will help both of you reach new audiences and drive traffic to your channels finally engage with your new viewers respond to comments and welcome them to your channel building a connection with your audience will encourage them to stick around and explore more of your content thank you for tuning in and don't forget to follow And subscribe for more Tech updates stay with tech Vibe Nexus and see you next time

- Grow Faster with YouTube Video Collaboration: Invite, Accept, Monetize: Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube video is all about helping you get your YouTube content more reach. More reach is important, especially when you're starting to build a new YouTube channel. Now, this YouTube channel is brand new. I mean, I'm just getting started, and I have no problem showing you behind the scenes the data that I have. If you look at my analytics, it's pretty simple. I got 26. Let's go to full lifetime. lifetime. I got 13,000 views, 588 hours watch, and I have a total of 94 subscribers. Now, my subscribers is starting to grow a little bit, and you can see that my watch is growing and my views is growing as well, but I need more activity. I need more reach. Here's a tactic that you may want to use to help you get more reach. You're going to need help from another YouTuber. And by the way, this could be one of those mutually beneficial thing where you create a relationship with another YouTuber and you be willing to help them and they be willing to help you. Now, you need to be relevant. You can't have a YouTuber who's all about gaming, trying to help you with your, you know, raising children or auto repair. They need to be relevant. So, find a YouTuber who's relevant to you. create a relationship so that you can become mutual. Here's the word collaborators. Let me show you how to use collaborators on your YouTube videos as you're creating them. I'm going to go to one of my videos. Here's a video that I create. I'm going to use one that's got some a whole lot of activity. Unboxing initial setup of Amazon Echo. Now, it's got 257 views, which is pretty decent as I'm getting started, but I want more. So, how can we use collaborators to get more views on our videos? Here's how you do it. I'm gonna go over here, and by the way, full transparency, I'm going to use two other channels that I own that have way more viewers, way more activity, and they are fully monetized. I'm going to use those two channels as collaborators on this video. Click on the video. I'm going to scroll down here. I'm going to find collaborators. It's right here somewhere. Here it is. Invite a collaborator. I'm going to invite two. So, number one, I'm going to invite a collaborator at TL Burus. This is my my big channel, 7.7,000 viewers. I'm going to invite that one to be a collaborator. I'm going to allow them to look at the analytics. I'm going to create a link. I'm going to copy the link. This is important. Copy the link. Now, I'm going to hang on to it. Hang on a second while I go put it somewhere. Give me a minute. Now, I've saved it. Let me uh let me close the share that. Let me close. All right. Let me add another one. Here's the other channel. Again, these are mutually relevant channels. They're they are somewhat relevant. I'm gonna make this one a collaborator. Allow you look at the analytics. Create the link. Copy the link. Uh I don't know if I have to hit X or share, but I always hit share. Then close. Let me save that link. Give me a second. All right. I saved that link. And I'm going to hit save. Now, I've just invited two other YouTube channels to be collaborators. Now, here's the next step. You need to get those collaborators to get that link. Now, you could copy the link and email it to them, text message, whatever, however you want to get it to them. Let me show you what you got to do as the other channel. I got to switch to be another channel. So, now I'm in my big channel. Now, I'm going to get that link. Give me a second to get that link. Now I've got that link. I'm going to paste it in my browser. Now again, I'm acting as one of the collaborators right now. And here it is. You're invited to a collaborator. TL Burus, the master LinkedIn channel is invited to be a collaborator. And so I'm going to come down here and I'm going to hit accept. And now I'm a collaborator. And you can see that under collaborations not my videos but under collaborations I am now collaborating with two other videos. So this again the what the the design behind this is for your audience the collaborator for your audience to have the potential to see the content on the other channel. Now, let me go do the se the second collaborator. Give me a second while I switch gears. Now, I'm on my second channel, which this channel also, if you go look at my I got 5,000 subscribers here. So, let me get the link that was shared with this channel. Give me a second. Now, I've got the link that's shared with this channel. I am logged in to in my browser and and connected to this collaborator's channel. Paste that in there. Now, this channel, BCIGWS, which is all about Gmail, has been invited to be a collaborator with Techno for Seniors with this channel, excuse me, with this video. I'm going hit accept. Now, again, I did this already earlier, which is why I now have two. Again, this channel, my Gmail channel is now a collaborator on both of these videos. Again, the intention is this. by inviting other channels to be collaborators, especially channels that are relevant, especially channels that have a larger reach. Your video can potentially reach way more people. The goal of being able to reach way more people is initially two things. Number one, get more views. Number two, garner more subscribers. Ultimately, if your collaboration is with people who are relevant, those two things will happen. And the ultimate goal is you can become monetized sooner. Now, I'm doing this test brand new. This is all new to me. I just started doing this today. Uh I got a video from October 4th and a video from October 31st. I'm going to put on a calendar for a month from now to look at the statistics or the analytics on these videos and see if a month of collaboration will garner me more views and more subscribers and move my newest YouTube channel closer, if not into fully monetized. Hey, I'm Teddy. I'm not a YouTuber strategist. I'm not a YouTube expert or professional. I do use YouTube and I'm experimenting with new ways that can help me get more views and more subscribers on my channel. And I hope this is helpful for you.

- #5x your Channels Growth with YouTube Collaboration Features  (Secret Growth Strategy)7: Kind: captions Language: en Wait, what if I tell you that there's a new feature that can put your content, I mean that content you're about to record right now, there's a new feature that can help you place it on five other channels. Like after creating your content, five other channels will showcase this particular content that you just created and their subscribers can view it, subscribe to your channel through their channel. Guys, this feature is a game changer and if you have not taken advantage of this particular feature or you are not taking advantage of it, then you are missing out. Hi guys, how are you doing? I hope you're great and you're winning your world. This is Concept and I'm back to another beautiful information. If today's is your first time tuning in, please don't forget to subscribe, like, comment, and also share so other people can get this amazing information. So now with all that being said, let us dive straight into this video. See, I'm so excited about this feature, but let me calm down and explain to you. So that you will understand why you need to take advantage of this particular feature cuz this feature is not accessible to every creator if you are eligible to use this particular feature then you are good to go. This new feature is blowing up small channels. In fact, I've seen a lot of small creators come to testify that oh I tried out this new setting, this new feature and I got more subscribers, I got more watch hours, I got more um views on my content. So, if you're a small creator or you are even a big creator and you've been struggling to get views, subscribers, and watch time, YouTube just released this new features. You know, like they said, they're going to be releasing a lot of features this period and they just released this one. And a lot of creators, even big creators are are doing this particular thing and they're getting more views on their content. So, what is this particular view? What is this particular um feature I'm talking about? It is the collaboration feature that YouTube just um released. You know, before when you want to collaborate with people after creating your content, you just put their um channel link on the description box. But now there's a way an easier and better way for you to collaborate with creators. And if they accept your collaboration invitation, your content will be out there on their channel. their subscribers will get to see your content and um that will help you to get more views, more subscribers and of course more watch time if you are yet to monetize and even if you're monetized this particular feature will help you get more revenue. This sounds interesting right? So, in this video, I will I am calling out to creators, small creators, big creators that are in my niche. And if you're not even in my niche and you want to collaborate with this amazing channel, you are welcome. All you need to do is send me a message and I will do well to respond and we'll collaborate to boost or help ourself in this YouTube journey. So before we go to the tutorial of how you can invite a collaborator, I also need you to note that this particular feature is not open is not accessible to every single creator on YouTube. But if you have this particular um feature on your YouTube, okay? Like if you want to know if you have the feature, you just go to your YouTube um your um your video, the video you already created. either you're doing it on the desktop version or on the YouTube app. Okay, click click on it like you want to edit it. You will see all the features there. Then if you see this um collaboration, if you see it, I don't know how it's written, but I will put it on the screen. If you see it, it means that the feature is you are eligible to use that feature. And if you are eligible to use this feature and you you are not using it, then you are limiting your growth. Okay? I don't know if you have any other way you're growing your channel but if you do let me know in the comment section but if you have this particular feature and you're not using it then you are not ready for growth. Okay. So if this feature is accessible to you why not go ahead and try it out. So with that being said let us dive straight to the tutorial of how you can invite a collaborator to collaborate with you on your channel. To add a collaborator you can either use your YouTube studio. This is my YouTube studio the app version. Okay. If you choose any video you want to add a collaborator to. Okay. Let me say for example I choose this particular video and once I'm here the next thing I need to do is to click on this pencil sign to edit the video. So once it opens like this you just scroll down. You can see invite a collaborator. You go through this route. Or if you don't want to go through this route, you can go you can use the um the YouTube app. If you use the YouTube app, it is still the same thing. Let's go there so I can show you. The best way to create your content is through um the YouTube studio app, the desk the desktop version. Yes. So once you are here, okay, and you have already created uploaded your content. Okay. If you are not creating the content, if it's not a content you are just creating immediately. Okay? But if is a new content you're creating, it is the same thing. So once you're here on your on your YouTube app, your YouTube studio, you click on your you click on the third icon to open all your content. Then you choose that particular content you want to collab with. So I'll click this one. Now once it opens like this, I'll click on this pencil sign like this. So it will bring me all the editing. It will bring me to the editing um place. So once this place opens, you click on show more and continue to scroll. Okay. Until you see collaborations. So this feature is not is not accessible to everybody. But if you have it here. So once it opens like this, you click on invite a collaborator. So it says grow your audience by collaborating with other creators and expand your videos reach to their audiences. Like I said, you can add up to five creators. That is what I watched in the um video YouTube uploaded. So now if the interface opens like this, so look at all the things they telling you. You are in control. Only you can make changes to the video. Expanded reach. We will help your video reach your collaborators audiences. This is amazing. Then full ownership. You will keep all the revenue, views and watch time from the video. This means that all the videos, the watch time, the revenue, the subscribers you get from this particular video is belongs to you. Okay. So now that we're here, we'll go ahead and search for a channel that we want to collaborate with. For me, I'll use my my channel, my other channel for the purpose of this um tutorial. So I'll click on the channel's name vibe with sweetness. So I'll just scroll. So you see so I'll click on this particular channel and then you click on create link. Once it is opened like this you I I I will copy the link. Then I can also share it on my WhatsApp um this thing. so I don't lose it. So, so now I will head over to Vibe with Sweetness channel to go and um accept the invitation link. Then I will show you guys my phone snapped the other time which is why the link is showing twice here. So now this is the link. I'll click on it right now. Here let's allow it to load. So it's taking me to my studio. So now this is this is my channel right now. Collaboration request from Grace Amug's concept. So it's not showing me anything. Probably because there's no video in this channel. So I'm going to try that out with another channel. I just wanted to see how it looks. It doesn't have any videos. So I think that was why I could not add. So, I'm trying to use my friend's channel or my family channel that has videos. So, we've already gone through this route before. So, what I want to do here is to add the channel. So, I'll click on it. So, I'll create this link. Okay. Copy. So I've copied the link now. Copy it again. Okay. So now let me close this. Let me close it. So after switching to this channel now I'll go to WhatsApp. I'll go to WhatsApp now to go and click on the link the collaboration link. So it will bring me to my channel. Let's see cuz this channels are small small channels. They are not big channels like see. So now this this particular channel has a video. I think that is why it open. The other one is just short I uploaded there. So once a collaborator accepts your collaboration. So let me accept. We had trouble saving your video. Try in 5 seconds. Okay. So it's still saying we have trouble saving your videos. So I will later come back to this. But this is exactly how it is done. Okay. So, I hope you're going to try this particular method out. So, it is not hard and once I accept this collaboration now, this particular video is going to appear on this channel that is not my main channel. So, if you have other people collaborating with you and you're collaborating with other people is a good way to announce your channel to other people and reach a wider audience on YouTube. So on this my channel, this is the only content I have uploaded on this channel, just this video. Okay. So now if I go to this my collaborations here, now you see that this video I just added now is showing on my channel. So the subscribers that I have on this particular channel can view this particular video. It will be visible to their subscribers. And if you are collaborating with people and you feel that oh I don't want to collaborate with this person again or you want to withdraw from the collaboration all you need to do is just click on it. Click on this collaboration. When it opens like this when it opens like this you click on you click on this place. There's a place that you can withdraw the collaboration. That's what I'm looking for so I can show you. So you see this place that is showing icon that is showing human being icon and settings. So you could click on it like this. You can see I'm collaborating my um with grace among concept and it says manage all your collaboration. If I want to withdraw from this particular collaboration if I just click on this withraw it means that YouTube is going to take me out of this collaboration. Okay. So when you collaborate with a particular channel doesn't mean that you are collaborating with them for life. So you can collaborate for one week or for one month or for as long as you wish. So this is how this collaboration stuff works. That is exactly how you can invite a collaborator to collaborate with you and you can invite up to five channels to collaborate with you. So imagine having your content after uploading your content it is out there on five other channels guys. This feature is um is is a game changer. So you need to take advantage of it. Okay. and you can invite me. Okay? I want to collaborate with people and I want people to collaborate with me cuz I'm tired of this level. I want to increase. I want to leave this level. Okay? I hope you got value from this particular video. If you do, please do not forget to subscribe, like, comment, and also share so other people can get this amazing information. Thank you so much for watching and staying with me to the end of this video. I will see you again in my next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Amugosconcept [4 likes]: Collaboration is one of the fastest ways to grow as a small YouTuber!
Would you like to collaborate with me? Drop your channel link or say “I’m in!” and let’s grow together
  2. @UgoAmugo [3 likes]: To every small channels watching you will definitely reap the fruit of your labour.
  3. @TheAmugos [3 likes]: Growth is possible  small channels it’s time
  4. @zikaluv [3 likes]: this is an amazing growth strategy
  5. @petermoses-g5n [3 likes]: every small channel will grow this year
  6. @sweetnessAda [3 likes]: This is the best feature so far thank you for This.
Small channels let's go
  7. @sarahrichard2489 [2 likes]: Please help me to understand something, after coping the link you have to send it's to the person you are collaborate with. This mean you must have his or her whatup number. Help me understand clear.
  8. @Ellaforevar [2 likes]: thank God for this features ma can i collaborate with you?
  9. @mum-ms [2 likes]: This is the best feature yet, we hope for incredible YouTube growth features like this.
  10. @heavenhearsu [1 likes]: Thanks for this video. I just subscribed

- Simon Sinek on How to Collaborate on Projects More Successfully: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what have you found to be the keys to creating successful project collaborations successful project collaborations are like any collaborations which is what is the motivation for the people showing up to the table in the first place um are they there to get something from you are they there to share what they know so that you can advance together are they there to uh profit for themselves or are they there to help whoever you're working with or for benefit you know whether it's an End customer or client um do they have the sense that they know everything or do they have the sense that they have lots to learn um successful project collaborations like any collaboration are when there's shared values and the desire to stand shoulder-to-shoulder and not as adversaries um uh it's not about how much business we can steal from each other this is one of the reasons so many uh organizations don't like working with ad agencies because ad agencies don't play nice you know every time they work with a design firm they're trying to plot and scheme how they can take the business away from the design firm and put it in their own Design Group you know and so other people stay away from them these are not successful collaborations as opposed to saying whether we have a Design Group or not we have deep respect for you we'll share everything we know to help you be better and be successful and amazingly that partner that collaborator will do the same for them it's it's not brain surgery it's really not and the amazing thing is there may be short-term gains in trying to Ste steal or get from another but over the long term what starts to happen is nobody wants to work for you um there's a funny the funny tale that one of the richest men in China he's a he's a um a Real Estate Mogul billionaire and he always gives away the majority share whenever he does a partnership 51% or more and somebody said why do you keep giving away the majority share in all your Partnerships and he says that way everybody wants to work with me you know again when you concern yourself with the success of others they want to work with you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MinaMillenMehmet [10 likes]: Concern yourself with the success of others
  2. @bladewright5356 [4 likes]: I wish people understood this. There's too many people with intentions to dominate instead of collaborate
  3. @muskduh [3 likes]: Thanks for the video.
  4. @suichan_itsumokawaii [2 likes]: shared values
desire to stand shoulder to shoulder
deep respect and trust
share everything we have to achieve a shared goal

short term: benefits but in long term: strain
  5. @mietonen [2 likes]: ' .. 🥰🥰
  6. @synsyn-h8q [1 likes]: Always amazing!
  7. @iamdedlok [1 likes]: Powerful sentence - When you make other people's success your business, other people will work with you!
  8. @dony00000: Simon Sinek emphasizes the importance of selecting collaboration partners who share similar values and motivations, as this alignment fosters trust and enhances project success.
  9. @FollowMagicBrad: #SynergyCollaborative The easiest way to increase traffic is to strategically collaborate. Two creators working in SYNERGY get a LOT more traffic with collaboration.
  10. @Dynamite-Official5: Sir I am video editor/graphic designer have edited many videos as well as have make different design like thumbnails poster carousel 

Here is my both editing and designing portfolio....you can have a look at my work and decide

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pAdXQOzY7c0oWMryx109VBqtyYmP4Gj8?usp=drive_link

if you like this work then have a review .also can hire for different projects

- The 7 Keys to Creative Collaboration: Kind: captions Language: en Group work doesn't have to suck. In this sketch note video, we explore what makes creative collaboration work. Transcript. We’ve all had times when group work failed. Perhaps you missed deadlines, failed to communicate, and didn’t learn from mistakes. But chances are, you’ve also been part of a team where you accomplished something epic together that you could have never done on your own. So, what makes creative collaboration work effectively? Here are seven ideas. 1. Ownership: Members need to be empowered from the start. Here, they can to solve problems, generate ideas, and design systems that lead to success. 2. Dependability: Creative collaboration requires members to hit their deadlines and develop creative endurance. 3. Trust: When members trust one another, they work interdependently. Here, they genuinely listen to one another and assume the best in each other. Over time, they become transparent and even vulnerable. 4. Structure: The structure should be loose and flexible. But you need to have structure in creative collaboration. It needs to exist. This is why I love design thinking. It’s a flexible framework for getting the most out of the entire creative process. 5. A Shared Vision: I’m not referring to vision statements that you put on a wall or slap onto a website. I’m thinking more in terms of a sense of direction. It’s a shared desire, a goal you are aiming for, and picture of what you will produce. 6. Fun: The best collaborative groups are the ones where you want to be together. They laugh. They play together. And this can actually boost both convergent thinking and divergent thinking. 7. Candor: This is one of the key takeaways from Creativity Inc., a book by one of the co-founders of Pixar. It’s the idea that groups need to be honest about what’s working and failing. This honesty allows you to adjust and iterate and ultimately create something awesome.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArniAldiecozza: Your channel deserves to blow up.
  2. @bcbccj: This is going straight to my favorites.
  3. @Nhi-l9h: So much effort went into this!
  4. @KosakRaddi: This is what YouTube was made for.
  5. @phat-d1s: Your content keeps getting better.
  6. @EomaseDonse: This was really enjoyable.
  7. @ShanetteDutton: Your channel is underrated.
  8. @Fug-r6p: Such a positive vibe here.
  9. @huymahuywywywmah15: The humor is spot on.
  10. @AschemanKessel: This deserves to go viral.
  11. @thu-y9m: Really enjoyable content.
  12. @AspasiaTata: Definitely subscribing for more.
  13. @RadkeWane: The pacing was perfect.
  14. @thuy-f8c: You never disappoint.
  15. @BridgetGlasts: This was amazing from start to finish.
  16. @PelucheJans: I’ve never clicked “like” so fast.
  17. @roycedoxia: You’re so talented!
  18. @ThomasScribner-x3r: This made my day better.
  19. @dilshadkocher6574: The pacing was just right.
  20. @JustinSullivan-n5k: Did anyone else rewind that part?

- How to Collaborate Effectively If Your Team Is Remote (The Explainer): Kind: captions Language: en Anton has joined the meeting. While it may be astounding that we can have a virtual meeting with people on different continents, it can also be frustrating. And these frustrations can affect morale, engagement, productivity, and innovation. When changes in the ways we communicate lead to changes in how others perceive our communications, this calls for a new set of protocols and behaviors. Authors Erica Dhawan and Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic have a few rules of thumb for communicating with remote teams. First, since clarity and consistency are key, sticking to a set of agreed upon norms can help avoid confusion. This could range from a set of acronyms about expected response times to standardizing use of particular communication platforms. Next, remember that you can never be too clear. Unless you've established a shorthand protocol ahead of time, don't assume others understand your brevity. Take the extra time to be extra clear, regardless of the medium. Third, don't bombard your team with messages. Each time you email, text, or call imagine that you are physically walking into your colleagues workspace. If you followed up an email by text and phone, it would be like opening their office door three times in a row. Minimize your digital volume, and think wisely before hitting send. Forth, notice that team members who are more introverted in person can really benefit from written communications. Physical barriers can actually level the playing field for those who may be less inclined to speak in group settings. Lastly, find ways to celebrate and socialize remotely to strengthen relationships between team members and improve collaboration. Even a simple switch from conference calls to video, for instance, can boost rapport and create empathy. The challenges of remote teams will not disappear, but creating consistent rules, rituals, and protocols will go a long way in building a new communication skill set. [BEEPING]

  Top Comments:
  1. @josepablolunasanchez1283 [3 likes]: This video covers
1. Agree on norms to avoid confusión
2. You cannot be too clear
3. Don't bombard your team with messages
4. Notice members who are more introverted in person can Benefit from written communication
5. Find ways to celebrate remotely
  2. @geensjc [2 likes]: I’m on a project with mostly extroverts and it’s been challenging!
  3. @Ogo0137 [1 likes]: I was uninterested in virtual and remote teams before but with all of these videos, I am now interested. I now find it interesting
  4. @asoraneleh [1 likes]: Excelente, gracias
  5. @radenrezky [1 likes]: to work colaboratively through online comm, make each team willing to do their work properly is more challanging since we can't see them in person
  6. @1stshiftonboarding539 [1 likes]: Keep moving while working remotely
  7. @HarryCorfield: Poor Colin...
  8. @mosdciukuygurker: Live interactions build deeper relationships than comments alone
  9. @kamranshah450: very useful
  10. @AkashYounus: Rapport
  11. @yashchoubey9566: Great Insights !
  12. @Bill0102: I'm lost in this content. I read a book with similar content, and I was completely lost in its world. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  13. @Larry21924: This is a masterpiece. I recently read a similar book, and it was a masterpiece in its own right. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  14. @VacuinaVaian: to work colaboratively through online comm, make each team willing to do their work properly is more challanging since we can't see them in person
  15. @ElectroWolfZ7: Man Colin is having a bad time
  16. @kumaripriyak: Outstanding video! However RankWatch's fantastic video shares essential tips for building a remote first team globally for better remote team workflow and collaboration.
  17. @ShreyaSingh-nl7qx: Shreya singh electronic engineering 3rd year
  18. @elex60vishakha95: Vishakha electronic engineering 3rd year
  19. @nandinidash3540: Teamwork - ever thought there are different types of teamwork with indifferent intentions? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EY0Qpr-k8U
  20. @Z21-x9l: Hi also if you are experiencing the overwhelming aspect of managing meeting, you could checkout Teemly, it's a saas solution that incorporates team meeting management, booking, and more. Would love to hear some feedback on this as I'm also a developer working on it :)

- 8 Tips To Collaborate With Your Emcee Effectively: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, Devon Brown here, world's number one event MC. And in this video, I'm going to share with you eight tips for collaborating with your MC effectively. So, uh, as you know, your MC is a critical part of your event, right? They're the person who the audience sees the most. They're basically your audience's best friend for the entirety of your event. And so uh the question today is how do you effectively collaborate with your MC to uh maximize uh audience engagement to maximize uh the role they play and to make sure that your event is as successful as it can be. There are eight ways to do that. There probably more than eight ways to do that. In this video, I'm going to give you eight ways to do that. Let's jump into it. [Music] Okay. Way number one that you'll want to do effective collaboration with your MC is to have an event planning session with your MC before the event. Now, it's important that your MC understands the overall goals of your event. Uh, it's flow of your event. It's important that your MC understands the run of show for your event. And so well before the event when you and your team are in the planning stages, you'll want to make sure to at least once include your MC in the planning because a elite level MC will often have feedback uh for you and help you set things up in a way that's going to uh maximize uh efficiency and maximize efficacy with regard to your event. So way number one is make sure that you have an event planning session with your MC beforehand. All right, tip number two for effective collaboration with your MC is to have the MC give input on scheduling when and where appropriate. And here's what I mean by that. Uh, as somebody who is MCEd, I don't even know how many events I've learned little tips and tricks, and this is true for hopefully most professional MC. I'm not talking about, by the way, I'm not talking about like people who who juggle or do magic and kind of MC on the side. I'm talking about people who actually study the art of hosting events, like real professional MC's, not ones you normally, you know, just kind of find in the newspaper, but nobody uses newspapers anymore, but you get what I mean. Um, what you'll want to do is have the MC give you input on your schedule where appropriate. And so, uh, one of the things I'll notice, for example, when, uh, I am consulting with events is that they'll show me their schedule. They'll show me their run of show. And the way they'll have it is they'll say, you know, 9 to 10 is speaker 1 and 10 to 11 is speaker 2 and 11 to 12 is speaker 3. Now, a good MC will look at that and say, "Hey, that's not right." Instead, what they'll say is, "Hey, the MC has to go on first and they have to set the tone for the day and for the event." So, from 9 to 9:15 should be the MC, if that makes sense. And then from uh 9:15 to 10:15, if you're giving a speaker an hour, is the first speaker of the event. Then you need to have 3 to 5 minutes of transition time, right? So that the MC can talk about the awesomeness for the first speaker and then properly set up the next speaker. And so little things like that in the schedule end up uh being critical and the right MC can help walk you through that stuff. And I hope that makes sense. All right, tip number three for effective collaboration with your MC is to make sure your MC knows any uh event insider or event culture secrets. Let me give you an example of this. I was hosting an event uh several years ago in the uh women's fitness space and the event was called Lady Boss Live and it was this women's fitness event and one of the uh event insider or the event culture or the community culture secrets was that these women all refer to themselves as lady bosses. Now, it's important that your MC understand things like that because a good MC can then take that and embed themselves in the community and talk about the community. So now when I go on stage, what I don't say is, "Hey ladies, welcome to the event." Instead, what I say is, "Where my lady boss is at? Here's what it's like to be on stage in front of hundreds of the most focused, confident, no excuses, self-loving women in the entire world." Ladyb. That's what it's like. That is what it's like to be in front of hundreds of amazing women. Lady [Applause] boss. And when when I say where my lady boss is at, they recognize, oh, he's talking to us. That's an insider. He knows what we secretly call ourselves. Yes, that's awesome. And so when you share those kind of insider secrets or those culture secrets with your MC, your MC is able to, if they're a good MC, if they're an elite MC, uh they're able to seamlessly weave that stuff in to their hosting. And so make sure you share any uh culture or insider secrets with your event that or with your MC, excuse me. That would be helpful. All right, tip number four for uh effective collaboration with your MC is plan on having your MC arrive the day before your event starts, not the day of. Now, this is important because when your MC gets on site, uh you'll want you'll want to you'll want to make sure that they get a chance to talk to the AV team. Do you have any runthroughs that you need to go through with them? Things of that nature. give your MC um and whoever the key people are uh associated with your event. All of you need a chance to meet and connect before the actual audience gets anywhere close to the room. So, if you want to be effective collaborating with your MC, make sure your MC, let's say you're doing like a two or three day event, right? And your event's on a Thursday, Friday, Saturday. I'm making this up. Make sure your MC arrives on Wednesday. And then that way they can connect with you, get on site, see the stage, and all that other good stuff. All right? Right? So, just make sure that they're arriving early and not the day of. That is gh don't don't don't do that. All right. All right. Tip number five for effective collaboration with your MC is give your MC at least 10 to 15 minutes to open your event. Now, this is one of the biggest things I'll tell you if you're bringing in an MC is that the first time your MC goes on stage is the most important time. Like when I MC events, now I only MC events for like my my private clients now and they've booked me like a year out, but whenever I'm MCing an event, uh the very first thing I'll do is when I'm going over, I was like, "Guys, I need enough time to properly set up the event and properly set up the day." Because what I don't do is I don't just go on stage and say, "Hey everybody, welcome to the event. Our first speaker is Mary. Welcome, Mary." That's not what we want to do. What your MC needs time to do, and again, a good MC will know how to do this. What your MC needs time to do is to go and welcome the crowd and warm them up and make them feel good and get them to identify and get them excited and get and tell them what's going on and to set some anticipation, things of that nature. Think of it like this. When you go into the gym, you don't just immediately go throw a bunch of weight on the racks and just start pumping it out. Instead, what do you do? You got to warm up first. You got to stretch. Let your MC warm up your event in that first 10 to 15 minutes on stage. Give them plenty of time to do that and that'll set you up for success for the rest of your event. So that is tip number five. Give your MC at least 10 to 15 minutes to open up your event. Tip number six for effective collaboration with your MC is to make sure your MC has access to the speakers before they go on stage. Now, stop what you're doing and listen to me for a second because 90% of the industry gets this wrong. Normally, what happens is you hire an MC and then you give the MC bios that the speakers have provided you. And what I'm telling you is that that is the craptastic way to do it. That is a horrible way to do it. If you're doing that, stop. Don't ever do that again. That's a no. And if you have an MC that doesn't know that just reading speaker bios is a dumb idea, then I'm telling you, you've got the wrong MC. Instead, what you want to do is this. And by the way, quick side note, uh this is this is going to be a little bit more difficult for like ultra celebrity speakers. if you don't want anybody talking to your ultra celebrity speaker. Like there's some events that I do where it's some ultra celebrity speaker and and and I don't get a chance to connect with them beforehand. And that's fine. That's not a big deal. But for the majority of your speakers, what you want is you want your MC connecting with your speaker before the speaker goes on stage. And the reason you want that is because your MC should be crafting a custom introduction for each speaker, which is, by the way, it's easier than it sounds. I'm not going to get into it in this video, but your MC should be crafting a custom introduction for each speaker that is audience focused. Most bios, most speaker bios are like, you know, Bob Smith went to Harvard, Bob Smith has this accomplishment, then he has that accomplishment, and he has this other accomplishment, and yada yada yada, welcome to the stage, Bob Smith. That is a normal bio, and that sucks. Instead, what you want is an MC who's going to find out from Bob, hey, Bob, what are you going to share with the audience? Why does the audience care? So then the MC can come out to the audience and say, "Hey, how many of you guys have been struggling with such and such? What if I told you you could fix it in as little as 30 minutes?" Well, that's what our next speaker is an expert at, and his name is Bob, and he does yada yada yada. Welcome to the stage, Bob. And that kind of introduction talks about what's in it for the audience. And that's the kind of introduction that your your MC should be doing for uh each speaker. And so in order for them to do that while everybody is on site, you need to make sure that your MC has access to speakers when and where appropriate. One of the things that most of the events who hire me do is they'll say, "Uh, when I introduce speaker number one on the stage and I head backstage, speaker number two, they've got that speaker ready for me so I can talk to her, get her information, and craft a custom introduction for her on the fly." That's what a really good MC will do. So, I hope that makes sense. That was tip number six. Make sure your MC has access to the speakers before they go on stage so that they're not just reading Q cards. All right, tip number seven for effective collaboration with your MC is to build in time for energy management. Now, the the challenge is that most MC's are drastically underutilized. And what I mean by build in time for energy management is this. There are certain times throughout the days of your event where energy will naturally peak and energy will naturally fall off. And what you want to do is you want to make sure that if it's a time where energy naturally falls off, you want to build in time for the MC to do energy management and lift the energy in the room back up. Now, the best and the easiest example of this is lunch, right? People go to lunch, they eat, the food settles in their stomach, and now they're kind of and kind of lethargic. And so what you want to do, and this is one of the tips that I'll give to events all the time, is I'll say, "Hey, instead of, you know, come back at lunch at 1:00 and then we'll just start the next speaker at 1:00." Instead, what we do is, "Hey, we'll tell everybody to be back at from lunch at 1:00." But we won't schedule and we'll be like, "Sh, we won't actually tell the audience this. We'll tell the uh audience to be back at 1:00 and then we'll build in 10 minutes of of energy management." And what I'll do when I'm on stage is I'll take that 10 minutes after lunch is I'll get them up. I'll get them moving. I'll get them dancing. I'll get them having fun. I'll get the energy back in the room. So, when that post lunch speaker comes on, they're excited just like they were in the morning. So, one of the things that's smart like the the the multi-million dollar events that I host, one of the smart things they do is that we build in time for energy management because we understand how important it is to keep the energy up throughout the entire event. All right. So final tip, tip number eight for effective collaboration with your MC is to make sure your MC knows what the primary goal is for your event. Now, do you know what the primary goal is for your event? Like what is it? Is it an enrollment? Maybe you're doing an event and the goal is to sell your coaching program. Maybe you're doing an event and it's like a customer appreciation thing or an award thing. Or maybe one of the main things you're selling for this event is next year's event. And the goal for this event is to have at least 30% or 40% of the room buy tickets for next year's event. Whatever the primary goal is for your event, especially the primary monetary goal for your event, make sure your MC knows that because your MC is on stage so much that they have the ability to casually drop in and remind the audience to do that primary goal. So, if one of your primary goals for the event is to increase social media following, it's your MC who's going to say, "Hey everybody, before we get started and before I bring out the next speaker, pull out your phone right now. Follow xyz.com and I'm going to pick a prize on the other side if you post something amazing." Right? So, that kind of stuff, whatever the primary goals are for your event, make sure your MC knows them. And that way, your MC can weave all of that stuff in throughout the day or days of your event. So, with that, I hope that was helpful. Those are eight tips for effective collaboration with your MC. And if you've got an event coming up and you're looking for a worldclass elite level MC to help turn your event from great to amazing, check out elitemc's.com. I will put a link below. Thanks for your time. I hope this was helpful. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Hey, Devon here. Thanks so much for taking the time to watch this video. Make sure to like, subscribe, and connect with me on social media. And if you enjoyed this content, be sure to share it with your friends.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamValdivia-l3q: Great Tips Devon. I'm hosting my companies event (150 people) next week and this is helpful. Thanks!!!

- How To Collaborate Successfully: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to mind tools video learning series collaboration is essential for career and organizational success it means working with people from other teams or departments or even from other organizations to accomplish a shared goal collaboration isn't always easy but when you do it successfully it can have a huge payoff for both you and your business for employees collaboration can expose them to new skills provide valuable networking opportunities and boost their satisfaction and motivation while for businesses collaboration is a great way to share knowledge and resources between teams it can also help to generate innovative ideas reduce staff turnover and improve profitability in this video we explore five steps you can take to achieve successful collaboration in your organization to access the full video join the mind tools Club today by visiting mindtools.com

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: hi तुम algorithm को हरा नहीं सकते! But इसे trick करके channel grow कर सकते हो! मुझे याद है जब मैंने YouTube शुरू किया था, मैंने बहुत मेहनत की, but channel stuck था! भले ही सब सही कर रहा था, मुझे wonder हुआ, कुछ channels algorithm द्वारा pick होते हैं, कुछ नहीं सालों तक? मैंने किस्मत नहीं मानी! मैंने गहराई में देखा और कुछ tricks notice कीं जो छोटे creators कर रहे थे उनके channels के take off होने से पहले, but मैंने overlook कर दिया! इस वीडियो में, हम uncover करेंगे चार simple tricks जो channel की growth fast track कर सकते हैं। ये algorithm को content push करने के लिए मजबूर कर सकते हैं। और नहीं, मैं ये नहीं कहने वाला कि किसी और के video ideas या strategies चुरा लो। वो मदद कर सकता है! अगर सही तरीके से किया जाए। But मैं उन strategies की बात कर रहा हूँ जो सीधे impact करती हैं कि algorithm channel के साथ कैसे deal करता है! पहली चीज जो तुम करना चाहोगे वो है algorithm को signals देना कि channel किस बारे में है! जो simple लगता है, but तुम हैरान हो जाओगे कि कितने creators इसे सही तरीके से करने में fail हो जाते हैं। और हाँ! एक सही तरीका है। Imagine करो, तुम एक नया channel शुरू करते हो और पहला video launch करते हो। तुम excited बैठते हो, views का इंतजार करते हो, और फिर वो नहीं आते! क्यों? Well तुम यहाँ नए हो। Algorithm नहीं जानता कि तुम किस बारे में बात कर रहे हो, किसे video दिखाना है, या channel किस बारे में है। तो अगला क्या होता है 50% chance है कि तुम दूसरा video post करोगे और 50% chance है कि नहीं करोगे। चलो optimistic chance लेते हैं कि तुम एक और video post करते हो। फिर से, तुम वहाँ बैठते हो views का इंतजार करते हो। कुछ और views आते हैं, but जितना expect कर रहे थे उतना नहीं। तुम शायद devastated, disappointed हो। और तीसरा video बनाने की chances थोड़ी और गिर जाती हैं! और वो गिरती रहती हैं- हर frustrating कोशिश के साथ। अब तक ये इतना common हो गया है कि इसका अपना नाम है। The first valley of death! या जहाँ कई creator dreams मरने जाते हैं। तो, तुम कैसे fail होने से बच सकते हो इससे पहले कि शुरू भी करो? Well, तुम सच में इसे overcome कर सकते हो। और ये एक trick है जो बड़े YouTubers अपने clients को recommend करते हैं। ये कुछ ऐसा है! जब हम एक channel launch करते हैं, हम इसे पाँच videos के साथ launch करते हैं! ये हमारे लिए एक hard and fast rule है। ताकि लोग first week में एक significant watch time journey पर जाएं। ताकि YouTube को लगे, "Wow, ये एक great channel है!" जो लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करेगा और वो सच में engaged होंगे। तो तुरंत, तुम channel को 0 से 100 पर jump start कर रहे हो बजाय 0 से जैसे 10%, 15%। फिर शायद मैं उस next video तक पहुँच जाऊँ। वो Matpat है! तुमने उसके बारे में सुना होगा, game theorists के mastermind और छोटे channels को grow करने में मदद करने वाला consultant। वो जानता है कि वो किस बारे में बात कर रहा है। और जो वो यहाँ समझा रहा है वो सबसे बड़ी mistakes में से एक है जो नए creators करते हैं। एक video के साथ launch करना, या और भी बुरा, एक खाली channel। उसका solution? पाँच videos के साथ launch करो। और इसका algorithm के साथ कम से कम दो फायदे हैं! पहले, एक साथ पाँच videos upload करना audience को दिखाता है कि तुम channel के बारे में serious हो। ये demonstrate करता है कि तुम्हारे पास एक clear value proposition है और content की variety है। ये trust build करने में मदद कर सकता है और viewers को subscribe करने के लिए encourage कर सकता है, क्योंकि अब वो देख सकते हैं कि तुम value provide करने के लिए committed हो। दूसरा, और यहाँ algorithm आता है, जब तुम्हारे पास multiple videos होते हैं, viewers content binge watch करने की ज्यादा संभावना रखते हैं! अब तुम उन्हें एक video से दूसरे video तक ले जा सकते हो, जो तुम नहीं कर पाते अगर तुमने सिर्फ एक video के साथ launch किया होता। बस ऐसा करके, तुमने successfully और significantly watch time boost कर लिया है, जो algorithm को बताता है, hey, ये channel engaging है और लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करता है। जो obviously YouTube सुनना पसंद करता है और और चाहता है। But ये launching strategy matter नहीं करेगी! बिना mastering अगले trick के। पाँच videos post करने की strategy बनाना बस शुरुआत है, क्योंकि तुम्हें ये सुनिश्चित करना होगा कि video topic potential रखता है। Video topic का मतलब हो सकता है 100,000 views और 100 views के बीच का फर्क। अच्छी खबर ये है एक तरीका है जिससे तुम सुनिश्चित कर सकते हो कि तुमने एक अच्छा topic चुना है! अब, कुछ tools हैं जो तुम्हारी मदद कर सकते हैं YouTube channel के लिए एक great high view count topic के साथ आने में। और सबसे अच्छी बात ये है वो पूरी तरह से free हैं! तो तुम इन topics को कैसे ढूंढते हो? Easy! चलो एक tool से शुरू करते हैं जिसके बारे में हर कोई जानता है! Google Trends. Google Trends इस समय क्या popular है इसका general sense पाने के लिए great है! तुम देख सकते हो कि लोग क्या search कर रहे हैं और broad trends identify कर सकते हो। उदाहरण के लिए, अगर तुम search करते हो true crime, तो तुम देख सकते हो कि ये consistently popular topic है जिसमें interest के various spikes हैं! ये एक general idea देता है कि true crime content की demand है। specifics पर hone करने और video's potential maximize करने के लिए, तुम्हें कुछ powerful चाहिए। यहाँ VidiIQ आता है! चलो tool पर jump करते हैं और देखते हैं ये कैसे काम करता है। Keyword inspector तुम्हें Vidiq score देता है, जो search volume और competition को मिलाकर topic की potential success दिखाता है! मान लो True Crime! इसका high search volume है लेकिन high competition भी है! तो हमें गहराई में जाना होगा। अपनी search refine करो। बेहतर potential वाले related keywords ढूंढो, जैसे True crime documentaries या True Crime Stories। इन variations के लिए VIDIQ scores check करो। True Crime Stories का moderate competition है लेकिन अच्छा search volume है। नई opportunities discover करो! Related keywords से specific niches explore करो। तुम आ सकते हो True Crime Mysteries Unsolved पर, जिसका high Vid IQ score है ये trending topic है जिसमें कम competition है। तुमने न केवल popular trend identify किया है, बल्कि refine करके specific angle ढूंढा है जो तुम्हें success का best chance देता है! ये तुम्हारा समय बचाता है और ensures कि तुम्हारा content larger audience द्वारा discover और देखा जाएगा। और सबसे अच्छी बात, तुमने guesswork को data-driven strategy में बदल दिया है। और proof देखो। बस type करो True Crime Stories Unsolved YouTube पर और views check करो। वो millions में हैं, indicating कि ये topic है जिस पर लोग click करते हैं! लेकिन click कराना बस शुरुआत है। Hard part उन्हें अंत तक देखने के लिए मजबूर करना है! ये एक straightforward formula है। जितना लंबा तुम उनका attention hold कर सकते हो, उतना higher watch time। ये YouTube algorithm को तुम्हारे channel को बढ़ती audience के सामने लाने के लिए prompt करता है। और यही कारण है कि तुम्हें इस simple trick का उपयोग करना चाहिए जितना तुम सोचते हो उससे way more! तुम्हारी retention explode करने के लिए। अगर तुमने Dodford के videos में से एक देखा है, तो तुम पाओगे कि वो एक storytelling genius है। उसकी storytelling seamless है, captivating है, और ये तुम्हें अंत तक बनाए रखती है। मैंने गहराई में जाकर देखा कि वो क्या कर रहा है और पाया उसका एक Twitter thread जहाँ वो reveal करता है एक secret scriptwriting hack। इसे कहते हैं the three act structure और वो इसके बारे में बार-बार hint करता है। तो तुम इसे अपने watch time को बढ़ाने के लिए कैसे use कर सकते हो? उस framework को follow करो। सिर्फ एक बार नहीं, बल्कि हर नए segment के साथ। एक hook add करने पर विचार करो जो curiosity को pique करे, एक story या example जो तुम्हारा point समझाए और केवल lesson दो अंत में! और सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बात ये है बस इसे बार-बार करते रहो पूरे script में ताकि तुम interest को catch कर सको ठीक उस समय से पहले जब viewer इसे lose करने का chance पाता है! उदाहरण के लिए, मान लो तुम एक video बना रहे हो the best way to cook steak पर। क्या तुमने कभी सोचा है कि तुम्हारा steak restaurant जैसा क्यों नहीं taste करता? फिर problem को confront करो। ज्यादातर लोग ये common mistakes करते हैं! Vivid descriptions का उपयोग करो और personal stories और अंत में, इसे resolve करो! Here's the foolproof method used by top chefs! इस structure का उपयोग करके, तुम न केवल viewers को engaged रखते हो, बल्कि तुम अपने content को और अधिक memorable और impactful बनाते हो! मैं इस next trick को कहता हूँ the lazy way to grow your YouTube channel really, really fast! और मुझे ये पसंद है क्योंकि तुम basically बस algorithm को तुम्हारे लिए काम करने देते हो। याद है जब हमने cover किया था कि algorithm का aim best content को surface करना है जो audience को gratify करता है? जब तुम एक video upload करते हो जो blow up हो जाता है या tremendous success देखता है! तो ये एक clear indication है कि यही वो है जो तुम्हारे viewers और subscribers देखना चाहते हैं। तो तुम्हें बस उसे note करना है और उस पर hammer करना है! जो pro creators करते हैं, और तुम्हें भी करना चाहिए, वो है कुछ Jenny Hoyos calls creating buckets! एक बार जब तुम एक format ढूंढ लेते हो जो काम करता है, उसे recreate करो बार-बार! और ये सुनिश्चित करेगा कि ये शायद हर बार काम करेगा! इस तरह, तुम्हारा channel explode हो जाएगा। Mr. Whose the Boss ये कर रहा है अपने I bought the Most Blank tech series के साथ और Ryan Trahan ये कर रहा है I tried one star series के साथ। यहाँ तक कि Mr. Beast भी ये कर रहा है! Wow! देखो millions of views! तुम भी ये आसानी से कर सकते हो! एक बार जब तुम एक specific video style या format pinpoint कर लेते हो जो तुम्हारे लिए काम करता है और तुम उसे park से बाहर knock कर देते हो। बस इसे करते रहो! उस bucket के अंदर videos churn करते रहो! तुम्हें सावधान रहना होगा though। क्योंकि किसी अच्छी चीज की बहुतायत हो सकती है एक बुरी चीज। Here's Mr. Beast का thought on that. हर साल हमारे पास formats होते हैं जो सच में अच्छा करते हैं। अगर मैं उन formats को करता रहता जो 2020 में crush कर रहे थे। मैं अब जहाँ हूँ वहाँ नहीं होता। Eventually वो fizzle out हो जाते। मैं एक बड़ा believer हूँ like, एक format को end करने में जबकि, तुम जानते हो, ये बहुत पुराना नहीं है? मेरे पास बहुत सारे viral great, like ideas हैं जिन्हें मैं life में लाना चाहता हूँ। बस like इतने सारे videos हैं जिन्हें मैं film करना चाहता हूँ और like इतने सारे different ideas हैं जो कोई और नहीं कर रहा है जिन्हें मैं table पर लाना चाहता हूँ कि ये like मैं उनमें से 15 नहीं करना चाहता! क्योंकि like वो दूसरे आठ जो मैं करता, मैं कुछ और original और creative कर सकता था। तो हाँ, definitely उस winning format को milk करो, But तुम उस पर overly reliant नहीं होना चाहते। Keep experimenting क्योंकि ये तुम्हें consistently तुम्हारे viewers के interests में tap करने की अनुमति देगा, जबकि कुछ अन्य concepts explore करने का मौका देगा जो शायद एक नई audience को unlock कर दे! नई audiences की बात करते हुए। क्या तुम जानते हो कि एक तरीका है जिससे तुम 1000 subs super fast gain कर सकते हो? No? --- Really? Well, है! इस video को check करो ये देखने के लिए कि मैं किस बारे में बात कर रहा हूँ।

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- No Views? No Subscribers? TURN THIS OFF NOW!: Kind: captions Language: en If your videos are stuck at zero views, if you're posting shorts or long form and still getting no traction, you're probably making the same mistake I made. There are five hidden settings that YouTube doesn't tell you about, but if you get even one of them wrong, your entire channel could stay invisible. I used to be there. Zero views, zero watch time, no hope. But then I changed several crucial settings and everything flipped. I'm going to show you exactly how to do the same. My channel is called Felixie AI. In the past, I uploaded content I believed in, highquality, edited, optimized, but nothing worked. No views, no clicks, no hope. I almost gave up. But then I decided to stop guessing and start testing. I spent hours digging into YouTube Studio, reading forums, watching insider interviews, and I found a pattern, a combination of settings that almost every successful channel was using, and most beginners weren't. So, I tried it. I applied all five changes, uploaded a video, thousands of views. Now my channel is finally growing and even my brand new shorts channel is scaling like crazy. I want the same for you. So take 5 minutes and listen carefully because each step builds on the next. First setting is made for kids. Just go to YouTube Studio settings channel advance. You'll see this. Is your channel made for kids? Here's the truth. Unless you're creating nursery rhymes or toy unboxings, set this to no because if it's set to yes or even if you're reviewing it video by video, YouTube might push your content into the YouTube Kids platform. Give it to me. Give it to me. And that's like getting kicked out of the cool party and sent to the kitty table. No recommendations, no homepage traffic, no trending. Your video basically disappears like your socks in the washing machine. Once I uploaded a video and clicked yes by mistake. It flopped harder than my gym attendance in January, harder than a penguin trying to fly. Choose that no button and protect your content like it's your last slice of pizza. And that was the first domino. But then I discovered something newer and scarier. Scarier than opening your front camera by accident. Setting number two, altered content. YouTube just dropped a shiny new AI related flag. And if you skip this, your video might get ghosted harder than me after I said I love you in a group chat. When you're uploading a video, scroll down and hit show more. There it is. Is this altered or synthetic content? Now, if you click yes, you're basically telling YouTube, "Hey YouTube, I'm a robot from 3025. Please launch my video into the void. No joke, I tested it. When I clicked yes, my views flatlined faster than my grades after discovering Netflix. When I clicked no, the same video started showing up in browse and suggested. Here's the real kicker. This setting is especially harsh on shorts, where YouTube is flooded with AI content, but it's creeping into long form, too. Especially if you use stock footage, AI voices, faceless scripts, aka 90% of us trying to build a YouTube empire from our bedroom. Right? So, unless your video is faking real world people or events, click no. Before we get into the most crucial settings that literally changed my channel overnight and gave me crazy results, here's something I never thought would make such a massive difference. I had the perfect YouTube strategy, the right settings, the catchy hooks. But still, I was stuck editing shorts manually for hours. At this point, my timeline had seen more of me than my family. Then I found Clippy AI. Everything changed. This tool is a total gamecher for creators. It can autocreate viral shorts in trending formats like fake text combos, Reddit style stories, split screen videos, even top five ranking shorts that are blowing up right now. No more editing at 2:00 a.m. asking why did I choose this light. You just upload, name your video, and Clippy does the rest. So, if you're serious about shorts, the links in the description, and yes, you can test it for free. No excuses. Big thanks for Clippy for sponsoring this video. Setting number three, playlist strategy for suggested domination. You ever notice when you're watching a video and every single suggestion on the side is from the same creator? That's not luck. It's planned. So, here's exactly how you do it. Go into YouTube Studio, create new playlist, name it something that makes people want to click. Something like secret growth tactics that got me millions of views. Or honestly, how I survived editing 200 shorts without crying. Yeah, that's my life right now. Next, add your best videos to that playlist. Videos that actually relate, not like me and my ex. Set it to public. Copy the playlist link. And now here comes the ninja move. Drop that link in your video description and as a pinned comment. But wait, don't just throw the playlist there like it's trash. Be smarter than me on a diet. Go into one video from that playlist, click share, get a timestamped link. This way, viewers land on a specific video inside the playlist, and then YouTube starts recommending your other videos like crazy. It's like trapping them in your content loop. That's how you create binge sessions. But hold up, we're just getting started. Next, I'll show you how to make YouTube recommend your next video before the current one even ends. Stay with me. Setting number four, end screen funnel. Okay, this one's simple, but super powerful. Inside every video, hit that little end screen button. And now, what do most creators do? They slap a subscribe button and call it a day. But you, you're smarter now. You're thinking like a pro. Instead of just subscribe, select playlist. Pick the same playlist you just made. Why? Because the first video in the playlist becomes the one that shows up on your end screen, that thumbnail, and when they click, bam, the next one auto plays. It's like setting up a trap, but the kind YouTube actually loves. You turn one viewer into four views in one sitting. More watch time, more recommendations. But hold on, here's the catch. The end screen. It only shows up in the last 20 seconds. And let's be honest, most people don't even make it that far. They dip faster than me when I see my ex at the mall. So, what do we do? I got you. We'll fix that in the next step. But first, why this all works. YouTube isn't looking for just good videos. It's looking for content that's sticky. Content that keeps people watching. These five settings, they scream to YouTube, "Yo, this is human content. This creator, promote them. These viewers, they ain't leaving. They're binging." That's how I went from zero views to thousands. Bonus time. Want to learn more hacks? Join my Telegram channel. Daily YouTube automation tricks and shorts tips for free. Yeah, I said it. For freaking free. And no, I won't try to sell you a $997 course after 3 days, probably. Setting number five, cards that trigger curiosity. All right, you made a fire video, but people are still dropping off early, right? Yeah, that's because you're not using cards the right way. So, here's what you do. Go right below your end screen settings and click on the cards. Now, listen closely. At the 10-second mark, add a playlist card. Not just any playlist. Use that same banger playlist you made earlier. Why 10 seconds? Because most viewers are already getting ready to click away by 15. You have to hit them before their brain even whispers next. We're not giving them options. We're building a tunnel. A tunnel that keeps them locked into your world. That's trap number one. Now, fast forward to the middle of the video. Things are heating up. They're engaged. This is when you drop a channel card. If you've got another channel, this is your moment. Slide that thing in like a secret weapon. In my case, I use this to promote my editor's Yakia edit channel. And no joke, it is so useful weapon. But here's the real source. Don't just use boring text like, "Check this out." Please don't use teaser lines that spark raw curiosity. Don't miss this editing tricks channel or edit like a pro with Cap Cut effortlessly. These aren't just suggestions, they're traps for the curious brain. And let's be honest, we're all curious creatures. Every time someone clicks, they stay in your other world. They go deeper. And YouTube sees that. It sees them watching longer, clicking more, looping harder. And what does that mean? Algorithm love. Now, real talk. You've probably posted videos that got zero traction. They just sat there, flatlined, dead. That stops today. Because these five settings, they're not just tweaks. They're weapons. They're the stuff that big creators use quietly. So try them, test them, experiment with them, and when you start seeing the shift from 10 views to 100, from 100 to 10,000 and beyond. Come back. Drop a comment. Say, "Felixie AI, I made it. YouTube is easy now. I'll see it." And I'll know you're one of the few who gets it. I'm Felixy AI and I'm on a mission to help small creators finally win in this noisy world of YouTube growth and algorithms. If you learned even one thing today, smash that like button and if you're serious about growing fast, subscribe with notifications because in the next video, we're going to learn about something special. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Felixy_AI [815 likes]: Join my free community:
🔴https://www.skool.com/felixy-friends-5955
🔵Telegram Channel - https://t.me/felixy_ai
  2. @KonstantinosFlorakis14 [2 likes]: Small creators assemble here😅
  3. @SELAHSIGNAL [1 likes]: 0 views here 😂
  4. @Max-bc4u [1 likes]: took me like 2 hours Ngl
  5. @Blackhammer406 [1 likes]: Small creators or streamers gather here!
  6. @TriggerDollar [1 likes]: Small creators  in 2026 gather here
  7. @TheQuietMoneyHQ [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/@TheQuietMoneyHQ
  8. @rechemusic1: Great
  9. @KTSminecraftsss: We can do it new creators
  10. @x1uke-c5y: i am small craeter
  11. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  12. @VertAimsxx: This is really working for me ngl, I’ve been getting over 1k views every short I post, gained 50 subs in a couple of days 🔥😁
  13. @forgettablestory9: Thank you bro❤
  14. @Gojofan132: We can do it
  15. @Leafeon_22: Thanks
  16. @boyeusamohma: Hi
  17. @CeceOnPurpose1111: This is a lot of information, but can you help with us boomers? Who are still working on learning how to do this stuff thank you❤
  18. @RND_1M-r7x: Bro my video Got viral for 2 days and now it hold in 23 k😢
  19. @EldritchOtaku-k96: thanks brother.this is a big help.
  20. @MarioAntoquia-hw4oj: Not work😢 1:19

- How to Survive Being a Small YouTube Channel (The Truth About Growth): Kind: captions Language: en every day thousands of small YouTube creators give up most creators quit before making it to video 20 because the truth is YouTube takes time it needs more data than you realize and in that time it's easy to get discouraged to compare yourself to others and to stress about your circumstances I'm going to explain the invisible growth phase that happens before every Channel's break through and how to survive it I've been through this moment several times and it never gets easy let's talk about why you shouldn't quit I said this in a video a while back and it's proven to be more true than I ever realized you see success on YouTube isn't immediate turns out your content might have been great all along and it simply takes YouTube time to figure that out growing on YouTube is like planting a tree you can give it water give it sunlight tend to it every day but you won't see the fruits immediately think about what happens when you plant a tree for months sometimes years you see very little visible growth the sapling looks fragile you might wonder if it's growing at all but beneath the surface something important is happening it's developing a root system building its foundation and gathering strength this is exactly how it works on YouTube you spend every day thinking about your channel how to make better content day in and day out but the algorithm has to juggle hundreds of thousands or even millions of different channels it's trying to analyze your video through its SEO and performance with your community every once in a while it'll show you to more people than normal in a short burst to collect a bigger data set but it takes time to know what to do with that all the while established creators have already gone through this process they'll get priority because their content has already been considered those videos with only 100 views they're not failures they're your roots spreading every video you make strengthens that Foundation every person who watches is like a bit of water nourishing your channel every comment is sunlight helping it grow you're building something that takes time to mature and the hard part is not being able to see the fruits until later let me show you something this video of mine took 100 days to reach 999 views and then something amazing happened it found its audience I hadn't made a 3D printing video before this one and I haven't haven't made one since and now it's my fifth most viewed video on this channel or look at this one it did well but then after 6 months it blew up and got the channel monetized overnight this isn't uncommon this is the norm this is the almighty algorithm at work one of the biggest misconceptions about YouTube is that the algorithm somehow punishes small creators this isn't true the algorithm has one job to match videos with the viewers most likely to enjoy them the problem is is that it's slow and you can't see it working YouTube doesn't care if if you have five subscribers or 5 million what it cares about is whether the people who watch your videos engage with them do they watch to the end do they like or comment do they watch another one of your videos afterwards when starting out YouTube is essentially running experiments with your content it shows your video to a small sample of people and if they engage it shows it to more if they don't it stops and it can be hard to prove that your stuff is worth watching if the video itself doesn't have views the thing to keep in mind is that this process isn't hours or days it's weeks to months you don't need everyone to like your videos you just need the right people to find them and if you want to stay ahead on exactly how to help the right viewers discover your content I share tested and true tips and tactics in My Weekly Newsletter the link is in the description now let's talk about consistency but not in the way you might expect the most important form of consistency isn't uploading on a perfect schedule it's consistently showing up for the Long Haul 90% of creators quit within their first 20 videos they plant the seed don't see immediate growth and abandon the garden but here's what happens when you stick with it one your skills naturally improve with each video two you build a small but loyal audience three your library of content grows increasing your discoverability and four YouTube gathers more data about who enjoys your content I'll let you in on a little secret it's often video 20 30 or even 50 that finally breaks through not because it was dramatically better than video 10 but because those previous videos laid the ground workor so how do you actually survive long enough to see grow here are four practical strategies first redefine success early on views and subscribers are the wrong metrics to focus on instead you want to track things like the skills you're developing completion rates of your videos comments and genuine connections and the consistency of your output second you want to find your creator Community connect with other small channels in your Niche comment on their videos join Discord servers participate in communities this provides support collaboration opportunities and keeps you motivated third create with intention don't just Chase Trends or copy what's popular ask yourself what value am I providing that no one else is even in crowded nichas your unique perspective is your advantage and fourth embrace the process the creators who succeed aren't the most talented or well-connected they're the ones who didn't quit they're the ones who fell in love with the process of creation itself and not just the results right now someone out there is looking for exactly the content you create and they just haven't found you yet your job isn't to blow up overnight is to keep showing up keep improving keep nurturing your channel until those people find you remember the videos you're making today are creating the roots for your future success the growth you can't see is still growth so the next time you feel discouraged by low views or slow subscriber growth remind yourself every big successful Creator started as a small unpolished channel that needed time and consistent care if you stop tending to yours you'll never see a bloom keep creating your audience is out they're waiting for you if you're a small Creator watching this drop a comment below sharing one thing you're proud of creating regardless of how many views it got let's celebrate the seeds are planning together and if you haven't started yet and if you're wondering if you should take the plunge there's literally no better time to become a Creator just start start before you're ready when I started YouTube I had to learn all this the hard way and I'm glad that I can share my experience with you and help you to learn these lessons quicker than I did I just made a video going over the 28 things that I wish I knew sooner and I think that you'll get a lot of value out of it do me a favor and watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [1600 likes]: Thanks to all of you who are leaving a comment and liking the video! I've been feeling discouraged lately so I felt the need to say this for myself and I knew others would need to hear it as well. Hang in there, it's only a matter of time 🌱
  2. @DARK_BUCKS [1 likes]: Never give up 🏆
  3. @hazharry67 [1 likes]: One question why did I suddenly stop gaining subs?
  4. @SooFunny777: thanks, gives me hope!
  5. @CanuckProspect: My videos might be dookie now but just you wait.
  6. @kirkani2.0: Wow😊😊😊
  7. @arvindprajwal1168: thank you so much 🙏
  8. @Vision-m3t: Thanks
  9. @Get_inspired_by_biggy: Thank you sir this sir helpful
  10. @wagohowardmusic: ALOHA- I have done no editing, no AI, and no paid anything.  I have an authentic channel.. I am FUN  and I am kind.  I enjoy doing this but it takes a lot... JUST KEEP going. if you are doing what you dig, it will happen..  DEEP BREATHE!
  11. @ahiveforgamers: There was a time when watching gaming videos helped me survive my hardest days. It kept me distracted, calm, and sane. Now I make videos hoping I can do the same for someone else.
  12. @StrenghtPionners: Very good advice!  I'm also a small creator but my purpose is to make good music for people enjoy and not to monetize. I saw how people react at my music and I am satisfied with that. 

Big Love from Europe for all you people out there!
  13. @AvalonsCroneMagick: Thanks for this video..I am older and have zero tech abilities. I have downloaded editing apps and end up deleting them because I cant figure out how to use them. I want to improve my skills I just don't know where to go to do it.
  14. @MatWit395: Agreed, my other channel videos average about 10 views which is better than none
  15. @stephaway1: Keep Planting !
  16. @Dhanyyytv: Thank's Dave for explanation!
  17. @TSJChuck: Sitting here in the valley of doom contemplating giving up because I’m in complete total Byrd/creative paralysis due to an impressions crash that somehow happened over the past three months now that led from getting what I thought to be a growing solid impressions base and a channel that might’ve actually been stabilizing that’s now led to you know dropping about 10,000 impressions per video and yeah I don’t even know how to move forward now, because how do you build confidence back after confidence has been thrown out the window
  18. @PatawanCollective: I’m proud of finally started earlier this month. I have showed up and uploaded consistently daily and will continue to do so. It feels amazing and I’m so excited to see where it goes(:
  19. @jaedarzadon: Thanks for pepping me up. Climbing this big-ass mountain. lol. Struggling to get viewership and subscribers and stuck at 100.
  20. @trailchemistrywithbandc: I have a small channel. Just over a month old. Growth IS slow but I am hopeful. I have a series of short called "Hello Baby!" Those are the shorts I am most proud of.

- YouTube Monetization Explained - How To Make Money From YouTube in 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en this is everything you need to know about YouTube monetization I'm going to cover the different ways that you can make money on YouTube itself once you meet the YouTube Partner program requirements now obviously there's other ways you can make money off the back of your YouTube channel as well and I've got links in the description if you want to dive further into that after this video so in this video we're looking at how YouTube itself pays you so in order to get paid by YouTube you do need to be in the YouTube Partner program and there's actually now two tiers of the program there is a a lower tier and a higher tier so to be eligible for the lower tier you do need to have 500 subscribers you need to have three public video uploads in the last 90 days and you also need to have either 3,000 public watch hours in the past 12 months or 3 million public shorts views in the last 90 days you also need to be in a country or region that supports the YouTube Partner program so once you've reached this level and you've applied to be in the program you've been accepted this is going to unlock supers for you so super chat super stickers and super thanks and this is really at the core of YouTube fan funding so your fans your followers your viewers have the ability to either donate to you via chat so super chat so while your live viewers of that live stream can send you a promoted or boosted chat message which also includes a tip or a donation for you as well with an amount that they specify on their end very similar to this is super stickers again again while you're live so you need to be doing a live stream that your viewers can send you a sticker which also has a monetary value associated with it again think a tip or donation from your viewers but it also unlocks super thanks which essentially gives you the ability to have that same capability but not while you're live so you can actually have a thanks button that will appear under your regular YouTube videos that at any time when someone's consuming your content they can click on that they can send you a message as you would a YouTube comment and they can specify how much money they want to donate or send you at that point and all of these super chats super stickers and super thanks they're all designed to stand out on your content as well so it highlights the viewer their message or their sticker so that they stand out there as well this lower tier of the YouTube Partner program also unlocks YouTube channel memberships think of this like your own patreon or buy me a coffee but built directly into YouTube so the way this works is you as the channel owner can enable Channel memberships and then you can create different tiers or monetary amounts that people will pay you on a recurring basis to be a channel member and each one of these tiers that you create could be different amounts but also offer different perks as YouTube calls them so a perk could be something like access to exclusive live streams access to exclusive Community posts exclusive content there's also ways to integrate this with external platforms as as well for even sharing course content or deeper dive stuff but this can be a great recurring Revenue model for you where it makes it easy for your viewers to support you if they like what you're doing and obviously to get access to some of these perks that you offer too that's probably worth noting that while you get access to all of these things at these different levels you definitely don't need to have them all set up and running you get to choose and that's what I love about this is that you can build the business or the revenue streams that you want off this so if YouTube channel memberships sounds like a nightmare for you to run and to set up all the perks or whatever then you don't need to do it but there's an opportunity there for you now in terms of the fan funding options that we've covered so far with Channel memberships and the supers you as the channel owner get to keep 70% of that Revenue after YouTube takes a 30% cut and the last thing that you unlock on this lower tier YouTube Partner program is YouTube shopping again only if this is actually functional and accessible in your country or region but this is where you'll have the ability to promote and sell your own products or merchandise directly on YouTube and when you set this up you can actually have your own products and things showing up beneath your videos but also while you're live too now to set this up this is where you will need to be using an approved platform something like Shopify there's other options as well and obviously have your products and everything set up for sale on that and it's going to create a link between the two for you so that's what's available right now in the lower tier of the YouTube Partner program but if you're in that program and you're progressing through your channel still growing then once you reach the requirements to enable the full tier you don't need to reapply because you're already in just those extra features are going to unlock so to be eligible to join the full YouTube Partner program the top tier this is where you will need to have 1,000 subscribers on your channel you'll need to have 4,000 hours of public watch time in the past 12 months or you'll need to have 10 million valid public short views in the past 90 days now your channel will also need to be in good standing with YouTube as well meaning that you're compliant with YouTube's monetization policies no Community guidelines strikes that you have an AdSense account set up as well but once you're in there and once you're accepted this is when you can turn on YouTube ad revenue and this is the most popular way that people make money from YouTube It's the biggest way that we make money from YouTube paying us themselves so in this higher tier obviously you get access to all of the supers the shopping and the memberships from the lower tier as well and you get to enable YouTube ads but this is also where you get extra revenue from things like YouTube premium so for anyone that is consuming your content that does have a YouTube premium account where they're not seeing ads then this is where your content can earn a portion of that subscription fee based on watch time and this is automatically set up and managed by YouTube themselves and you'll be able to view your earnings from ad revenue and from YouTube premium Revenue in your YouTube analytics now in terms of a revenue split or cut from the ad side of YouTube this is where it's around 55% that the creators get to have whereas the rest the 45 goes to YouTube obviously that's after fees and everything as well YouTube are also currently testing and slowly rolling out YouTube shopping Affiliates for people in the higher partner program as well so with this you don't need to have your own products that you can use with YouTube shopping your own merchandise or whatever this gives the ability to promote and to help sell other products and things that you don't own that you don't need to have in a warehouse and ship out or any of that stuff you can be an affiliate for these products so if you're mentioning them in your video then they can show up below it where people can buy that product from Amazon or wherever it is and you can earn an affiliate commission from that too I think this is absolutely awesome and I can't wait to get access we don't have access yet I think right now this is only in the US but I really love the opportunity here for this and with YouTube shopping in general and it sounds like from what I've heard they've got a big push for this coming on the TV side of things too fingers crossed so those are the ways right now that you can make money from YouTube itself but there's other ways that you can make money from your YouTube channel and I've got some videos linked on screen to help you even further with that including affiliate Revenue which is my favorite as always check out the links in the description below for more links more resources to help you even further and I will see you in the next video cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChuckyXfreestyle [1 likes]: What if you're 16-17 and Don't have a government ID?
  2. @mishikarana-g3b [1 likes]: Thanks
  3. @geraldlermont6656: How long does it take to be accepted or rejected into the YouTube Partner Program?
  4. @marywilliams1842: Today, is the day... I'm going to work on my channel today
  5. @yadibjm4742: Thanks for information 👍
  6. @Pass-Timekiller: Im shooting for the higher tier with ad revenue. I dont want my fans to feel pressured to pay for my content. I just want to play some games and enjoy the ride
  7. @juanmanuelvelazquezavila8696: ¡Gracias!
  8. @heretojustvibe: Just got monetised yesterday!!!! 

All the best to all fellow youtubers 🫶🏻
  9. @dalisocobra23.: “Most small channels don’t fail because of effort—they fail because their videos aren’t positioned for a specific viewer. Growth really starts when your content solves one clear problem.”
  10. @VokeClipzYT: why cant i get my valid views to go up? i have 4 thousand views in the past like 4 days and only 6 valid views?
  11. @rossiepraise-rn2si: New beginners let's keep building
  12. @cabilbrey97: Supporting new channel.  ❤
  13. @jonaskanor: Wow that's is my favorite time
  14. @K_Dubln: Super clear breakdown of the two-tier partner program, The explanation of how YouTube shopping and premium revenue works was especially helpful for planning out my channel strategy. Thanks for the update🚀✨
  15. @AllbyOlyArt: Very helpful, thank you
  16. @Luxuryescapism: I have just started posting this week, thank you for this video it was very informative. I’m hoping I can hit 100 subscribers in a months time. 🤞
  17. @yerielbauzaaaa: im a small artist trying my best to make good music In music
  18. @RunwayOceanTV: nice video
  19. @l.tjustonsenack: in my eyes if yr makeing money off utube u r all sell out u sold yr soel for money utube no longer is fun u if u  make money u forget y u started utube in the first place its simple money changes people and the way in witch they look at  life sure yr financial 
problem gets better but a soon u'll be spending yr hard earand money on pointless stuff that has no meaning
  20. @TaiChiandRelax: I started in September of '25 as a way to reach more Tai Chi students. My channel isn't flashy. I just provide clear, digestable instruction. At 187 subscribers I'm told I'm doing well for startong so recently. I don't know if I'll ever get monetized but that's 187 students I wouldn't have otherwise. I'll call that a win.

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- How Small Creators Can BEAT YouTube’s New Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling to grow your YouTube channel, sometimes you might think that the algorithm simply just hates you. But that's not entirely true. In fact, YouTube's 2026 algorithm shift might actually be the best thing that's ever happened to small creators, but only if you know how to use it. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how. All right, so the good news is in 2026, YouTube is making another big push for small creators, which means it'll be easier than ever to have your videos shown to more and more new viewers. And we've already started seeing this shift happen over the last year. Loads and loads of small channels are now popping up all over people's home feeds, and they're getting way more views than ever before. But there is a small catch as the difference between those small channels who are getting way more views and you who probably isn't getting as many views is the fact that those guys are triggering the specific signals in the algorithm and you're not. So in this video I'm going to teach you exactly how the algorithm analyzes your content and then I'm going to break down the five main signals you can use to trigger it in your favor. All right. So firstly, when you upload a brand new video, the algorithm will immediately put that video into what's called a microfase test because YouTube will never just blast out a brand new video to millions of people right away. Instead, it starts small and it will show it to your core audience first. And your core audience are basically just your subscribers and your regular returning viewers. It will then analyze how this group reacts to your new video. It measures do they click on your video? Do they watch it for a good amount of time? And do they actually engage with it? If they do, that's a positive result. And then YouTube will basically expand this test to your secondary audience. And these are new viewers from your niche who watch similar creators or similar topics to yours, but aren't yet subscribed to you. And again, if your video still performs well, even with a secondary test, then the algorithm will move it one step even further and start showing it to an even bigger brand new audience. And if you keep passing these tests, that's when your video can really start to take off. It's like a snowball effect where the views and subscribers just start to roll in. But if you fail any of those smaller test phases, then the algorithm won't push it to the next one, and it will basically just stop recommending it. And every single video you upload goes through this exact same process. So, it's not about luck or hacks or how many subscribers you have. is about proving through each test phase that this video is good enough and it deserves to be shown to more and more new people. Now, these test phases are brutal. Over 98% of videos will never make it past the third test. But the good news is there are five clear signals you can use to tilt those tests in your favor. And I'm going to break them all down for you now. Let's get into it. So, signal number one is riding momentum waves. Now, this is something that most small creators don't actually realize exists, but basically, YouTube can actually give your whole channel a temporary momentum boost when you have a video that performs really well. And what I mean by this is if one of your new videos starts to pick up some serious speed, whether it's getting more views or getting higher retention or getting strong overall engagement, then the algorithm may actually temporarily give your channel a kind of like priority tag. That means your next upload will likely be tested more favorably in the microfase test. Because if you post a few good videos in a row, it builds up channel momentum and the algorithm will basically assume that your new uploads will be as good as your previous ones and therefore will push your new ones out further than it usually would have before because your successful videos have basically given your channel a priority tag. So, whenever you notice one of your videos gaining some sort of traction or if you post a brand new video and it does better than the last ones, then you always need to make sure you ride that momentum wave and then keep posting new videos consistently after that one. Never let the momentum die out. Now, any questions on this particular signal or any signals I'm going to cover in this video actually, please just comment down below and I will try my best to answer all of them. Okay. Then the second signal is micro retargeting. Now this one's slightly more advanced, but it's still extremely powerful and definitely something you should be doing. So, ever since the last update, YouTube's algorithm doesn't just connect long- form videos together in a chain anymore. It now connects everything. It connects your shorts, your community posts, and your long form content. They're all linked together to form like one big audience network. So what this means is if people watch your shorts or if someone engages with one of your community posts, YouTube will then automatically associate those people directly with your main content too. And it will basically start recommending all of your long form videos to them as a result. And here's how you can use this signal. So every single time you post a long form video, make at least one short that's directly related to it, too. And then I would also suggest that you write a couple of community posts or even create some sort of poll on the same topic as the long one video. And as you may have seen, I've been creating loads of polls on my community tab lately. And I do this for this exact reason because anyone who votes in those polls or if they like the poll or if they even just comment on the poll, this will feed a signal to YouTube that they're interested in that specific topic. and then the algorithm will basically connect that interest and recommends my long form videos to the homepage afterwards, meaning I get more views. Now, it's a really smart way of creating like an internal traffic loop that keeps new viewers discovering you from like every direction. And now, before we move on to the next signal, I would always, of course, recommend clipping up your long form videos into multiple different shorts. Now, it's a great way to sustainably build your channel and make the most impact out of every single video. Now, for me, on my old travel channel, I would always clip up every vlog into multiple different shorts and post them out all together. Now, some of these shorts got millions of views and brought in tens of thousands of new subscribers. Now, I didn't have to do any extra work because I just took that long form video and clipped it up. Now, a great tool you can use for this is Nexus Clips. It's an AI tool literally built around clipping up long form videos into shorts, and it makes the whole process so much easier. So, give it a try. All right, so this next signal is actually something I've touched on in a previous video, but it's now even more important because of the new algorithm changes. And as you know, YouTube will never just recommend any random video. It actually suggests videos that it thinks will fit perfectly in a session chain because YouTube just wants viewers to stay on the platform watching video after video. So, they need to make sure that when a viewer finishes watching one video, the next video suggestion that YouTube gives that viewer must be perfect to keep that viewer hooked and prevent them from clicking off the platform because that's what YouTube really doesn't want. They want them on the platform watching as much as possible. So, let's say if a viewer watches a video from one of the big creators in your niche and then decides to watch your video immediately afterwards and if they enjoy your video, then YouTube will notice this and they'll notice that connection and then they'll start to pair your videos alongside their videos more often. And this is what's called session chaining. And it is one of the most important signals that can help really small creators have their videos pushed out next to the biggest creators in that niche. And so to use this signal properly and to figure out exactly what kind of videos your audience watches, you'll need to go into your YouTube studio, click on analytics, then click on audience, and then look at these sections here. channels your audience watches and videos your audience watches because these are the exact videos your viewers are watching either before or after yours. So you need to study these videos, look at their titles, look at the topics, the thumbnails, and make sure that your next video upload will fit into the same viewing pattern. And the goal here is to make your video feel like the natural next step in your viewers's watch journey. And once you can start doing this consistently, YouTube will begin recommending your videos immediately after those bigger creators in your niche. And that's what we want because that's where the views are. I hope that made sense. But anyway, the next signal is all about timing and trends. Because when it comes to beating the algorithm, timing really, really does matter. And every minute of every day, the algorithm is constantly scanning the YouTube ecosystem for content that matches current viewer interests. Whether that's a trending topic or a seasonal event or a viral keyword. And basically, if you upload a video that ties into what people are already searching for or watching, then the algorithm is far more likely to test your content to that audience more quickly. But not only that, there's also the timing of when you post because, as I mentioned in my last video, YouTube's first 24-hour test data is absolutely crucial because the first couple of hours after you post is when the algorithm decides if your video deserves pushing in front of a larger audience or not. So, knowing this, you should always upload your videos around 30 to 60 minutes before your viewers are most active. And you need to make sure that you maximize engagement within the first couple of hours. Now, if you want to know how to maximize your engagement when you first post a video, watch this video next. I go into all of the detail there. It's a really good video. But anyway, that early engagement will help your video pass its initial test much faster. And that's how small creators are using timing to outsmart the algorithm. And then finally, we have leveraging topical authority. So, one of the biggest shifts in YouTube's new algorithm is how it recognizes topical authority. And people used to call this niching down, but YouTube has recently shifted its focus with this and has kind of changed it all. And for those of you that haven't heard of this before, YouTube will now group certain creators together by subject matter because it basically needs to figure out what you're known for so it can make sure to recommend your videos to the right audience first time. So, if one day you're posting tutorials and then the next day you're posting travel vlogs and then the next day you're posting random trends, YouTube will basically have no idea who you are and it won't know who your audience is supposed to be. So, it's not going to push your videos out to anybody. But, let's say if you do all of this right and all of your videos are built around one clear theme, then the system will begin to trust you because it will begin to see you as a reliable source of information within that one specific topic area. So to take advantage of the topical authority system, you will need to focus on just one core content pillar and then you'll need to make multiple videos that attack that one pillar from all different angles. Now for example, if your niche is YouTube growth like mine, then I would suggest you create videos on titles, thumbnails, watch hours, SEO, algorithm changes, like that tells YouTube this creator really knows what he's doing. He really knows the topic. And the more videos you post around the same one topic, the stronger your topical authority becomes. And this means YouTube will naturally start recommending your content to anyone watching similar videos in that one space. And that is what we want. Now the tips in this video do not even touch the surface as to how deep we go in my YouTube wealth academy. And the Black Friday sale is now on. Now, if you want to join the YouTube Wealth Academy, it's got over a 100 lectures, 15 different modules, and you can get it for 50% off, which is the biggest sale I'll ever do. So, if you are interested, go to YouTube Wealth Academy with using the link below. Use code Black Friday at checkout and get 50% off. Or if you're not yet ready to invest in yourself, which is fine, watch this video that comes up here because YouTube thinks you'll love it. See you that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [131 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @lavany_lp [1 likes]: 10 subs yeahhhh 🎉🎉
  3. @Eugenecreates [1 likes]: This is what the algorithm loves , binging 🤝
  4. @MiniNightmaresTVReal: 2 day old channel watching! Thanks brother! 🤟🤟
  5. @AngyKC23: Under 50 subs channel hier
  6. @shortmoviedit: Lets Stand Together Small Youtube Channel! 🤙🏻
  7. @globalbrief09: small creaters attendance  please
  8. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Thank you for creating content like this to help others!  I will be sitting down with some of these tips when I have some time.
  9. @driftnoirreal: Good info
  10. @minimalistretiree: Thank you Dan for another great video to help us small channels! Much appreciated!
  11. @ATLTrapDaily: thank you Dan!!!
  12. @ceovickyyt: Just 6 till now but would love more!
  13. @Factsphere-world: Gain 2 subscribers today and  growing with random facts.
  14. @Factsphere-world: Under 100 Sub 😢
  15. @AiMoments_12: This guy helps so mucb
  16. @aztrix92: Just hit 118 subs
  17. @Catsvibe-gos: Thx
  18. @MurAri_dv: hmmmmmm goooooooooooood he he
  19. @Wolfwithcollar: TY for 100 Subscribers!
  20. @RenovationsmadeEasy: Thats awesome 
Do u ask in each video upload to subscribe ive just been kinda putting my renovation videos out there and wondering if I should incorporate this? 
37k views but only 24 subscribers 
How do u get so many so quick haha

- YouTube Quietly Changed This in 2026 (Almost No One Noticed): Kind: captions Language: en All right, so YouTube just quietly changed something massive now in 2026 and almost nobody's really noticing or talking about it. If you're a creator, aspiring or already pretty seasoned creator, this new approach to YouTube, this update, what I'm going to be covering today, can either kill your channel completely overnight or it could do the opposite and send it straight to the mood. Now, this all stems from my own experience. Lately, I've been posting and my views have been way, way, way down. My impressions have been way down, but not much of my strategy has changed. In fact, I've seen the reoccurring thing with clients I've worked with and also other people who I have no association over their ideation, their their packaging or anything who've been complaining about the exact same issue. So, because of that, it led me to jump into deep deep research and figure out or at least attempt to figure out what's going on. So, if you've seen your views flatline, your ad revenue maybe even drop a bit, or your videos just start to die before they feel like they even get a chance to be seen, you're not crazy. YouTube's new algorithm and new update and even monetization rules are just way more brutal and a little bit more sneaky than anyone's really talking about or really ever expected it to be. Now, before I show you exactly what has changed on YouTube, I first want to let you guys know if you want to join my completely free YouTube growth community with a full course inside. I teach you a toz how to grow on YouTube. Well, you could join again, no strings attached, for free right now in the first link in the description below. All right, cool. So, what's changed when it comes to YouTube and why does it matter and how can you survive it and win this new era of YouTube? Well, I'm still workshopping the name, but let's start with the biggest bombshell that almost nobody's really talking about right now, and it's what I call the 90minute death window. I said I'm still workshopping the name, but basically in 2026, now the year we're in YouTube's algorithm basically speedrunning your video's fate. So, you used to have kind of like pretty much a few days for your video to find its legs, to get some traction. Well, not anymore. Now, you get about 90 minutes to a day max for your video to be able to prove itself. If your click-through rate and your watch time, they don't spike almost immediately. YouTube just kind of throttles back that video's performance. It's like your video never really even existed in the first place. And I say this cuz I've seen creators post a banger, go to bed, wake up, completely flatline, like no second chance at all. Same thing's been happening to me. So, if you're still posting and praying hoping the algorithm will just pick it up later, it's less of a strategy and more like Russian roulette with your content. Now, please note this is not the case with everybody. It's just what I've seen to be the average. And it's also something I read a lot about when I was trying to research for this video. But it gets even weirder because now YouTube's obsessed with something called session start time. And I actually didn't know what this was, but it basically is essentially if your video was the first thing that someone watches when they open YouTube and they click to watch, you will get almost like a secret boost. The thing is there's a caveat here. If you miss that window, if you upload at the wrong time or your audience isn't online, you might forfeit that, you know, secret boost, which kind of goes against what I've always believed and thought, right? I viewed posting at the right time or the same time your audience is online more as like a micro optimization. But now, if you don't get that initial traction, then the algorithm just moves on. And the best way to do that, or one of the best ways, is uploading when your viewers are actually logged on YouTube. What's really cool is you could actually go into the YouTube studio. You could go over to analytics, click on audience, scroll down, and you'll have this as an analytical metric. So, you could see when your viewers are online. Another thing I wanted to mention is if you think that your your loyal subscribers will just save you completely with every upload, think again. YouTube's new algorithm is pretty ruthless with new viewers. So, basically, it'll show your video to your core audience first, right? With YouTube, we have a new casual and core audience, and usually it'll show it to your audience first. Then, it will immediately test it to people who have never seen you before in most cases. So, if those new viewers, they don't click or they bounce off early, your video, I mean, you could consider it very unlikely to crush it, right? Or to blow up. So, if your content only makes sense to your, you know, your core audience or your direct hardcore fans, but confuses or bores first- timers, your new audience, then you're pretty much done. Every video now has to hook a stranger. Assume every viewer is seeing you for the first time, or you'll just never break out of like your bubble, I guess you could say. But the thing is it gets there's even deeper subtleties here, right? YouTube's not just looking at views or watch time anymore by itself. It's also tracking satisfaction, which I was curious how they did that, so I had to dive deeper into the research. But essentially, it's looking at things like, do people replay your video? Do they come back to it? Do they keep watching YouTube? This is the most important one. Do they keep watching YouTube after your video or do they close off of the app? Because if your video is making people leave, the algorithm definitely notices that and your future recommendations will take a hit. YouTube at the end of the day is a business. Their bottom line, their main incentive is to keep people watching for longer on their platform. It's how they make money. So, if your video gets people watching more of your own content or other people's content after they watch your video, that's a great sign and YouTube will incentivize you or push you for that. Now, another really important thing is if your audience doesn't have a clear topic, a clear niche or direction, you're invisible. You're not getting shown to anyone. YouTube's AI is now so advanced, so good at categorizing content that if you're a variety channel where you just talk about everything or you upload random stuff, the algorithm just doesn't know who to show your content to. These days, that advice of just post whatever you want, that's over. Like, you do not have a clear identity. If you don't have a clear identity, a clear niche, a clear interest group or topic that you're speaking to, you're done. I mean, that's why we live in a time fundamentally called interest media. That means we make we need to make content niched or for a specific group of people who are interested in a specific thing and then talk about that thing and then YouTube knows to push our content about that interest to other people who have that same interest. Now, this next one is definitely something that I've been sleeping on, but essentially YouTube's kind of like quietly or behind the scenes boosting the collaboration content. So, if you tag another creator, do a cameo or just cross-promote together, the algorithm links your audiences together and pushes both of you guys higher. It's like basically free real estate in the recommendation system when it comes to YouTube. The top creators are already exploiting this. Pay attention. A lot of them are doing this. So, if you're still going solo, try to find somebody where you can do this with. I myself have also been trying to find people or or people friends in the industry I can do this with. Okay, cool. Now, let's talk about money for a second because this is where honestly this blew my mind because this is where creators are getting super blindsided. So, ad dollars are actually shifting to shorts. For the first time ever, an hour of shorts viewing is worth more ad revenue than an hour of long form. That blew my mind. I literally had to search a few different places to just double check and cross reference this to make sure I wasn't misreading this. So, essentially, if ad revenue is your main objective, if you're ignoring shorts, you're missing the ad surge, if you will. And with 125 million people now paying for YouTube Premium, which means they don't get ads, there are fewer ads to go around. And if your long videos don't keep premium viewers binge watching your content, your RPM, which is basically the amount you get paid per thousand views, it's going to drop. Even if your views look fine on the surface, okay, cool. So, this is a lot, but what do you actually do with all this information? Well, here's what I would suggest for the new playbook for 2026. Basically, orchestrate your videos better, right? Get early clicks and watch time in your first 90 minutes. Time your uploads when your audience is most likely to start a session or be watching. Make every video applicable to your new casual and core audience. and don't assume they know you. And pack your videos with rewatchable moments with value, chapters, reasons to binge, and double down on making sure you're in an interest group or a niche of people. With this being said, this kind of just goes back to my fundamental core principles when it comes to growing on YouTube, which is focusing on human psychology and leveraging that to get more clicks, more views, more watch time. What does that mean? It means focusing in on people's fears, their pain points, their deepest curiosities, and then bridging the gap with your content to their desired state. If you can do that, if you can trigger some sort of fear, some sort of pain point, some sort of desire, some sort of emotion or curiosity in your packaging, right? Then you will get people to watch. So, zooming out super super super high level, it means the rules are actually the same as they've always been. It means that your idea is the most important thing over everything else. Which, by the way, for all of my ideiation and research, I'm using a tool called Velo. I highly recommend it. I'll leave a link in the description below. But this also means that packaging, your title and your thumbnail are the second most important thing over anything else. You need to master these if you want to crush it on YouTube. And you need to not have fluff in your videos. You need to cut through the fluff. And you need to focus on tangible value in your videos so they actually watch, they share. It's actually simple. It's just the barrier to entry is a lot higher because the standards are higher. That's essentially what this new algorithm means. It means you have to try harder. It means you can't post lazy content. It means that you actually have to think of a a a really good idea. You have to have some sort of strategy with it, some sort of proven concept. It means you have to brainstorm and think about what you want to package the video with. What thumbnails do you want to launch with? What titles you want to launch with and why. Right? When you're trying to come up with titles and thumbnails, think, okay, what are my audience's biggest pain points? What are their biggest curiosities? What is the deepest desires they have? Again, why it's so important to have a specific interest group or niche, and then try to package your content accordingly. Again, when you zoom out and focus on the rules that have always been here, the psychology of human behavior when it comes to content, well, you'll crush it. And if you're not crushing it, it just means you need to put more time, more energy, more effort, more strategy into your packaging and into your ideation. Now, that being said, if you guys want to learn how to do that, well, you could click the first link in the description below and go take my my my YouTube growth course completely for free. No strings attached. It'll take you straight to my YouTube growth community. And inside, you'll have access to the full course where I teach you all of it completely for free. Or if you guys don't want to do that, then you could go ahead and watch this video next because this is a video where it's almost 4 hours long and I also break down the full blueprint of how I would grow on YouTube if I basically had to start over again. With that being said, guys, I appreciate you watching this video. I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @creatorllaunch [6 likes]: Watch This Video Next (4+ Hour YouTube Course)
👉https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz1hF9WgN_s
  2. @velvetbees [3 likes]: You came up in my feed when I was sorting out bookmarks about creating YouTube videos. I subscribed. Great video.
  3. @TheBellaShow-IC [2 likes]: Thank you for talking about this, I am desperate my channel is kind of new but is being performing good and my latest videos only 17 views never happened before and now I am feeling so discouraged and I don’t know how to fix that, I thought was only on my channel and I decided to research and I found you.  I have worked hard to make it work and now this happened, when this is going to get better.
  4. @Diamondranchfarmstead [2 likes]: Found this video. I’m about to throw my channel in the ditch. I’ve gotten so discouraged lately.
  5. @CaliforniaUnderground [1 likes]: I’ve noticed our long form has dropped a lot but our shorts views have quadrupled in the past month.
  6. @itsaphilcast [1 likes]: So youtoob is finally dying on its arse...they say the bigger they are, the harder they fall 🙄
  7. @noonecomics [1 likes]: This is like the tenth video ive seen about the same topic, explaining the same damn thing, we gotta stop with the 'nobody is talking about, nobody notice' , just stop
  8. @shrimpsalad4eva [1 likes]: I am so annoyed with YouTube right now. My video had Over 300 views with just 2.9k impressions with a 12.5 minute AVD then flatlined because it sent it a bunch  of suggested impressions to random non-related videos and the CTr dropped, it still held an over 10% watch rate with 1500 of those impressions being random suggested… my regular viewer CTr was like 30% and casual viewers was around 18%… 

The algorithm used to continue to try to find the right audience for videos that performed like that but it decided to push my viral short again … but on browse instead of the shorts feed…. So kinda feels like a short of mine stole all my impressions 🤨 

I’ve never seen a high performer like that just flatline so quickly it was literally like 27 hours after publishing. There’s 100% retention views from a suggested videos that only got 1 impression, I think there was only like 4 videos that were given more than 1 impression and the most I saw was 6 suggested impressions from a single video. 😂 gotta love it! The video was pretty unique but still cmon 😅
  9. @KevinTalksMoney [1 likes]: Interesting topic! I feel I have my niche but it might not be laser focused to a small niche within the niche
  10. @Infected.Raccoon [1 likes]: Great video, thank you for all of the great content ❤
  11. @leoborros: Youtube board of directors deserves to be Luigi Mangioned
  12. @BlackwaterOutdoorJourneys: @creatorllaunch, Really enjoying you videos. I have requested to join your community.  Looking forward to seeing what you have going on.
  13. @maximusaviationchannel: Dude shorts dont pay Squat. Where di you get that stat becuase it is not a fact.
  14. @PurestHush: I feel like I need to give up,, maybe this is not for me
  15. @Icecoldexplorer: The YouTube algorithm found me… now it owes me some traffic.
  16. @BeamNGFallout-99: Very Nice💖💖
  17. @DashingNickyBoy: No not at all it seems ro doing great
  18. @mtwhatley3253: A large group of creators will walk away or switch to a new platform.  YouTube will be left with Ai slop and low effort shorts a new platform will emerge.   Then YT will ask, what happened to all our best creators.  😂
  19. @SeekersofMastery: Thanks for the Advice, I just got my first few subscribers and this really motivates to deliver useful content!
  20. @feli-nexusjourney: @dylanrreynolds 5:42 can I tag you? 🤩🤩 
Small creators?  Let’s tag team!

- Changing Niche On YouTube - Bad Idea?: Kind: captions Language: en so is changing your YouTube channel Niche a bad idea well a question I get asked a lot on this channel is should I Rebrand my current Channel or start an entirely new one in the past having subscribers and history carried some weight on YouTube and meant that you had a greater chance of ranking for lucrative videos but these days subscribers aren't what they used to be and in fact I'm surprised subscribers are even still a thing it's a dead metric it's just a bookmarking facility that people use the the only reason we actually care about subscribe counts these days is because of vanity or status metrics we YouTubers all dream about getting our hands on one of those shiny silver or gold play buttons but other than the backs slaps for achieving something that is seen as being difficult subscribers don't mean anything anymore in fact they don't even help you with views you can get subscribers quickly with shorts if that's what you want but if they don't translate into more views and an Engaged audience then they are literally just dead w wait the same can be said for dead channels bringing an old Channel back to life can be twice the amount of work as growing a new one especially if you change the original Niche you see YouTube cares about relevancy these days are people actively interested in and watching your content a better metric than say subscribers would probably be monthly views on the channel so although many YouTubers may still be asking people to subscribe and hit the notification Bell Believe It or Not unless those notifications are also activated in your phones privacy settings which are obviously getting more and more strict these days then very few of those subscribers will even be getting those notifications in fact on average less than 3% of Channel views come from people clicking on those notifications that YouTube sends out so either they don't care or they don't see them at all on my channel it's not even .5% and I've seen similar numbers on other channels so I'm pretty sure it's not even around that 3% average so you can definitely stop asking people to click the notification Bell and to be honest I would just stop asking people to subscribe altogether asking for a like is a much better option as YouTube actually sees this as a form of quality validation so most of your views will come from new viewers or viewers that you have remained relevant to in that YouTube has kept showing your videos to them and they have kept watching them at least to some small degree and if they keep showing at least some interest then YouTube will keep serving your videos to them but it also means that the moment that you drop off someone's homepage or stop being relevant to them then that subscriber is now pretty much dead at least until they come across some of your content that they like again so if you change Niche or Rebrand then you become irrelevant to most if not all of your current subscribers and subscribers are often part of the first target audience that YouTube tests out new videos to as they have watched your content in the past if they don't click and watch or only watch a small percentage of the video then YouTube is less likely to push it out to a broader audience so until you find a new audience and YouTube better understands your channel again then your subscribers are just dead weight in fact I rebranded Channel profits when I should have just restarted and this slowed down growth massively in the beginning I was losing subscribers faster than I was gaining them as people just weren't interested in the new content though this was actually a good thing as at some point I had more interested people than uninterested and growth started to tip the scales in the opposite direction it's also worth noting that you can accidentally change your Niche for example I recently really got into AI content creation tools and started to produce more videos on AI in general and there is definitely overlap here but Channel profits is not a Channel about AI so this led to a drop in video views now I could of course keep producing content on AI if I wanted and I would eventually find a new perhaps even bigger audience but I'm not personally interested in producing content on just AI tool TOS this channel is about creating and growing profitable YouTube channels but it's yet another good reason to keep your channel and Avatar's goal in mind at all times when producing your videos it's just way too easy to go down rabbit holes so now knowing that subscribers generally mean nothing ask yourself if your old audience will like your new content if the answer is no then just start a new channel the algorithm is much more friendly to new channels these days with that said if you would like full step-by-step training on building profitable YouTube channels then check out the links in the video description thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @LordEnzel [7 likes]: I deleted my 260M views from long videos. Trying to switch brawl stars to minecraft. Currently some subs leaving channel as expected. Hope it recovers after a 3 month. Its hard process and for my opinion harder for large channels. Dont lose your faith keep producing
  2. @garethlamb [2 likes]: Free workshop: How to leverage YouTube to sell your coaching & courses - https://www.garethlamb.com
  3. @alinaonrepeat [2 likes]: Hmm... I'm purely a dance tutorial / cover channel rn but I want to get more into vlogs and reaction videos as well. Ofc I keep my focus on dance ... but it still feels like I'm gonna be messing up. Wish me luck 😅
  4. @DenjiRants [1 likes]: Ty❤
  5. @tumimontsho [1 likes]: Subscribers qualify you for monetisation, why say they are useless?
  6. @SceneTalk1: Is it okay to private all videos and change everything from channel?
  7. @GadgetsHomeTech: Is renaming my handle rebranding !!
  8. @NehaRawat-r6j: Such a refreshing take📈 It's eye-opening to hear that subscribers can actually become dead weight if the niche change makes you irrelevant to them. Great advice on focusing on likes and relevance over vanity metrics. Thanks for the insight🙌✨
  9. @JoannaCollie: Hi, thank you for this! 
I want to switch from content about high carb diets to low carb diets! 
Nutrition is quite tribal and my new subscribers has stagnated for a couple weeks since I did this. 
Although views aren’t too bad.
Do you think I should persist as it’s sort of the same  niche? Thank you!!
  10. @Edwards-Videos: Nope - we need subscribers to earn money through Youtube.  You lost me early on when dismiss the need for subscribers.
  11. @FUTcomps: Thanks❤
  12. @BrainyROT-c7l: this video is awesome
  13. @mihai0377: Hi Gareth! I really hope you guide me on this one: 
I've had this channel since 2007, mostly posting random things ( cars vlogs, diy, windows tutorials etc). Back in time 2012 i was monetized, the old Youtube era :)
But due to new requirements and me been inactive for long time, i got demonetized from channel. I have 1.2K subs on this channel and now i want to start Mukbang ASMR videos. 
You think is a good idea to start a new one or rebrand my old channel, chaning Tags, Description, keywords, category etc? 

A big advantage is that i already have the 1000Subs and i only need the watchtime hours in the future to be monetized again! 
What's your opinion on this?
  14. @yesteryearr: Great tip. Thanks!
  15. @Afrokoreanstoriesbyvee: Dawg... I only be posting shorts on my channel... I wan' change to longform new niche entirely. Any advice for me?
  16. @SecB-memes: Bro literally 🎉
  17. @TimeFootprints: goodd
  18. @BC_SideQuest: I currently have 2.5K subs on my gaming channel but it's all over the place. I want to re make my gaming channel to be more structured and organized but l'm debating rebranding vs starting new. Even with my current subs, only 6% of my views are from returning subscribers and 94% of views are not subscribed. So what would be the best thing to do here? Currently have 1M channel views And 500 videos uploaded
  19. @TuBS_AU: I’ve had this channel for around a year or 2 and I was focused on sit down comedy vlogs. I uploaded weekly vlogs that would get between 300 - 2000 views, but I also released gaming videos occasionally. Only About 5 or 6 in a year though. BUT just like the vlogs, they preformed very well too. I wanna make the switch to gaming completely now, however my views have dropped dramatically. However my shorts views are still preforming very well. Getting around 500 - 20,000 views. Any advise on how to get my long form video views up anyone?
  20. @HolyLoniiGG: Hi I do prank style content but want to start doing commentary content should I rebrand or keep this page? Let me know!!!

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @eikooc-elppa: Just started my channel yesterday. Thanks for this vid!
  6. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  7. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  8. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  9. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  10. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  11. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  12. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  13. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  14. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  15. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  16. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  17. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  18. @JQLShorts: W
  19. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  20. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here

- 3 IMPORTANT Tips That Will Prevent You From YouTube Creator Burnout!: Kind: captions Language: en just give yourself time to step away from work and do something else that doesn't involve work don't take a break go on the phone go on your phones grow on tick tock like completely separate the two create a personal life that's separate from your work life when anxiety stress and the pressure of a life comes on a content creator it can be the perfect storm for burn out we're going to be going deeper into this conversation and we've had several conversations like this here on the podcast because as a content creator there are certain signs when it's going to happen and today we're going to be sharing that with our friend modern millie who is our guest on the show my name is heather torres and you are listening to the think media podcast the number one podcast to help you grow your youtube channel and your influence on that youtube channel and turn that influence into a high impact and a high profit online business now burnout is something that i personally have experienced at different levels depending on the pressures of life and the seasons of life as a content creator and entrepreneur this is vital that we have these conversations that we see the signs that are happening so let's get into today's featured conversation with sean cannell and modern millie [Music] welcome back to the think media podcast i'm excited to have modern millie back instagram expert youtuber 160 000 subscribers but i'm so passionate about this conversation because we're here at an event and we were talking at the speaker party and she's sharing a little bit about her burnout season and what's kind of crazy is i think at one point or another all of us as creators as entrepreneurs as business owners have felt the early onset of burnout we could be in burnout right now we may not know it and there was a season um where there was a proliferation of articles about youtubers burning out we're hearing about tick tock earth burning out and i do believe there's some unique pressures and some unique dynamics that actually really impact our community here at the think media podcast that we should be aware of and so eventually we're going to be talking about some three tips if you might feel like you're in burnout or you want to determine if you are we'll talk about some diagnostics and some tests we'll learn from this but i mean we got to dive right into the story yeah lead us through what happened what was happening before and and you found yourself in burnout what's the story right in 2020 it was the first time i experienced burnout and i just had major anxiety anytime i would open the instagram app or youtube app so i just took a few months off took a break and i was like wow i'm burnt out i can't what was happening up until that point how much hustle how much work were you doing what was your life and career like i was let go for my job was planning a wedding my dog was diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder disorder and they said she had 80 mortality rates so she was probably going to pass she ended up living so i'll say she's fine now but it was just life was crazy i was posting every day to instagram and there was no really warning signs of hey you're going to be burnt out i didn't know i thought i was elite i thought i was above it and i was like i already have great boundaries set i'm fine and one day after getting let go finally my dog was like healthy and then we had to cancel our wedding once everything just lifted off my shoulders that's when it all set in and i was like i'm done i'm done so that was like the first burnout i ever experienced wow so then how many years leading up of content creation specifically and how many hours a week would you say you were working on in business and entrepreneurship it was really maybe one year into my journey it wasn't really long at all and i was trying to do it full-time so i was working maybe it was five months doing that full-time i had to get another job because i was like i should probably get a job to pay for a wedding shortly after covet hit and i got let go so just bouncing a lot just trying to juggle a lot of hours in work and with my passion so it hits what did it feel like what uh how did you know i mean and what were some of the symptoms and what was like so the first time which was 2020 i was just exhausted anytime i looked at my phone anxiety would increase right away i really had to distance myself from social media and then the second time which is the more recent time back 2021 august i got really sick and it didn't really creep up on me i had just finished a course launch my first course launch ever i came home from a new york retreat and i fainted wow randomly in the middle of about to record a youtube video you're alone i mean that sounds scary it was terrifying so i was sitting in front of the camera getting ready to record next thing i know i'm in my living room telling my husband i'm fainting and falling to the floor i blacked out everything in between and that was the scariest thing because it's like i don't know how i got here panic at my first panic attack happened right there of just like extreme anxiety can't breathe what's happening from there it was maybe august 7th all the way through november i was getting sick i was having panic attacks like i had this mysterious illness i had 105 degrees tested for everything that fever would come and go for months wow and so i mean it's i'm so glad you're here today yeah and you're you've navigated through that season and i want to hear more details of the story but let's kind of share some of the tips you've learned in lessons that we could maybe encourage ourselves with the first one was was dope weight what do you mean by that i think i was i don't know i was waiting to feel burnout before i started taking the measures to protect myself and to really take care of myself so because i wasn't feeling oh i'm i'm fine i'm fine i don't need to take care of myself yet i'm fine that's the problem with entrepreneurs yeah is we're usually fine sure like we're fine with stress we thrive under pressure a lot of us thrive under that pressure of continuing to work and we like work we love what we do and so we think oh we love what we do so we can just do that and be fine yeah and that was my problem was well i love what i do i'm not feeling stressed like i don't think i'm feeling stressed my brain wasn't recognizing it my body felt it though wow and so that's why my body had to retaliate and be like nah milly we're gonna sit your butt down you might not feel it but your body's feeling it we're gonna let make you rest yeah so did you slow down your work pace what did you learn in as you at this point you're saying encouraging us don't wait do the things before this happens but it did happen to you yeah so what are the things that you started to do now you know the simple things starting with the simple things like drinking more water eating foods that nurture you incorporating movement the biggest thing that i've learned is to complete the stress cycle so usually we think when i complete the stress cycle i'm ticking off boxes on my to-do list so you have your to-do list and those things are giving you stress and then you're gonna check boxes and once you check that box woo stress is gone wrong you have the stressors and the stress the stressors is your list of to do and then you have the stress which is the physical response to the stressors that needs to be resolved and that is best resolved through movement so incorporating some sort of walking every day or maybe going to the gym going to the beach yoga something to get my body moving to resolve those stress responses that's been the biggest thing for me and then finally setting those boundaries hey we're gonna get back into our featured conversation with our guests but i wanted to let you know that we have a free master class happening right now to help you grow your youtube channel if you go to thinkmasterclass.com you can learn the secrets to success on how to win on youtube that's thinkmasterclass.com and if you're new to the show we want to welcome you and ask you to subscribe if you're watching on youtube you can hit that subscribe button or you can subscribe wherever you listen to this content on thanks for being a part of our community and let's get back into our featured conversation so don't wait to start taking care of your health don't wait to get moving when it's tempting to just grind all day and be in front of a screen all day and edit all day don't wait to really be aware of stress sirs and the stress and then you kind of touched on number two set boundaries so what have you learned what advice can you give us about setting boundaries to avoid burnout i've set some hard boundaries and it's still hard for me to stick to these but setting those boundaries of a start time and an end time for my work and this is what works for me people will have different types of boundaries for me my start time is 10 a.m my me time is before 10 a.m so that's my boundary of in my starting my day nurturing myself whatever that looks like 10 am i go to work and then i'm gonna work for four hours ten to two i'm working two is closing my laptop i'm done after two set that hard boundary even if i want to keep going and i could keep going because i love what i do stop go on a walk eat like eat food who would have thought and just give yourself time to step away from work and do something else that doesn't involve work don't take a break go on the phone go on your phones girl on tick tock like completely separate the two create a personal life that's separate from your work life it's really good so what boundaries think media podcasts do you need to set who do you need to communicate with maybe talking to a partner a loved one um talking to your calendar and setting some hard boundaries um that's such a great tip for navigating and overcoming burnout and then your next tip is check yourself what do you mean by that setting boundaries it's part of it right you can set boundaries be like whoa i set boundaries and then you stick to those boundaries for a week but naturally you want to fall into those habits of like okay well i did a week i feel great now i'm gonna fall back into my pattern of working 10 hours a day so you have to constantly be checking yourself and being like am i sticking to these boundaries am i actually sticking to them for me sometimes i don't stick to them i have to check myself and be like no you need to stick to them you need time for yourself you need to spend time with your husband like you need to nurture the other relationships that are outside of work and prioritize your yourself your self-care the relationships that really value that you value outside of work so always every week being like could i do better did i like you say one percent better could i get one percent better with setting boundaries this week that's really strong this is so powerful millie you know one of the commitments my wife and i made this year was to really honor the sabbath in terms of like really disconnecting we read a book called the ruthless elimination of hurry and like really getting off our phone and really actually not shopping that day because there's other days to do it and so it's not like overly dogmatic but like really taking a day that's different that's set apart and you know we're people of faith so we believe god wove that into the fabric of the universe that we're to work six but rest on the seventh and what i've learned is that that is such a day of checking yourself it's a day of like realizing maybe how stressed out i was trying to slow down realizing that there's transitional emotional things you know realizing that there's also just margin now created to go on a walk and leave our phones at home and it's changed everything and i mean it kind of makes sense because it's if like we're breathing out for six days it's like a chance to catch our breath and breathe in on uh having a time to check ourselves so that's something we've been doing we've really been learning from and it's been so powerful yeah and when you think about the creation story itself what did god do on the seventh day rested and so making sure that we're having that time to rest because when you rest this is something that blew my mind when you rest you're able to show up even better and stronger and you have a more clear mind i was just on the grind of oh i need to show up every day i need to show up every day but that's not true because when you take the time off to rest when you then choose to show up that's when you're more fulfilled and you could show up even better more exuberant and clear-minded do your best work i heard james altersher say don't buy into the myth of not getting enough sleep ariana huffington wrote you know the sleep revolution she passed out and woke up in a puddle of blood because of pushing it so hard and so man check yourself before you wreck yourself as the great theologian ice cube said uh but certainly um uh this idea of navigating the road of burnout and as entrepreneurs type a driven check yourself is like the point because it's i can find that it's a month goes by and we're like wow that wasn't the best month but we can reset we get back to it so i hope you encourage think media podcast to to not be critical this definitely shouldn't lead to guilt check yourself for burnout but to get one percent better because we want to be we don't just want the 15 minutes of fame the short thing that social media's pressure and youtube's pressure is like oh i got to frantically grow as much as i can because it's like no i'm a lot more interested in being healthy and around 5 20 years from now than just 20 minutes of a viral video and so millie really appreciate you grateful you came on the podcast for people that want to check you out on youtube and instagram where can they find you my handle on instagram is at it's modern millie and then on youtube you can look up modern millie well i hope that that was an encouraging conversation to you and if you're in the comments on youtube i'd love to know have you experienced burnout before and what were some of the steps that you had to take to get yourself back to normal i know for me personally there's been several seasons where i've experienced being on the cusp of burnout particularly and you know for me it has come with being overwhelmed with too many decisions or overwhelmed with all of the expectations that one i've put on myself but that i've let others put on me as well so if you feel like you may be heading into that season you know we've had some crazy years over the past few years and as a content creator trying to stay on that hamster wheel of always producing content always showing up as your best always making mistakes and redoing it i can tell you that i've experienced those types of seasons and and in that one of the things that i've had to really remember is this phrase heather it's your race at your pace and that means that if i need to take some time for some self-care or if i need to take some time to really invest more time into my children or into my marriage that that is okay that we are multifaceted human beings and that this is a long race and so it needs to be your race at your pace and i want to encourage you that if you're feeling you know anxiety if you're feeling overwhelmed to just take a step back and really maybe reflect on the gratitude in your life and maybe reflect on when was the last time you really rested and for me personally that's the place i have to go and i have to really internalize a lot of those things because i still care what people think about me and because of that that means that i put extra pressure on myself to be a performer to show up as my best to have people like me and over the years as i'm approaching 40 eventually can i say that to you here on the podcast as i'm approaching 40 and have you know heading into the season of teenage years with my kids and i've been married for over 15 years and been doing this thing as content creation and digital marketing for the last decade i can tell you that it is a long game and i want to be here for it i want to know that this is something that i can sustain for the next 20 30 40 years so that i can make a big impact in the world and i hope that encourages you that over time i've just noticed that we think we can accomplish more in one year and we underestimate what we can actually accomplish in 10. so don't put the pressure on yourself to just make it happen right now remember that everything in seasons is okay thank you for being a part of what we're doing here on the podcast and if you've not rated or reviewed this show yet i want you to go over to itunes if you're not there and rate and review the show and you might be featured on an upcoming episode today's featured reviewer is j vine86 he says a must listen podcast for creators i've been following the think media crew for years if you aren't familiar with them make sure to give them a follow and listen for the best marketing tips well thank you so much for leaving that and i'm so excited that you've been following the crew here at think media and it's awesome to be able to read your reviews on the show well if you didn't catch our other episode with modern millie i'll make sure to link that down in the show notes below or if you're watching on youtube in the description if you want to go back and listen to the part one of this conversation that sean cannell and modern millie had thank you for being a part of what we're doing and we'll catch you in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @MuirDragonneTV [4 likes]: I take a week off every 3 months to recharge and help prevent burnout. A lot of Content Creators will say "when you're not streaming/releasing videos,  your viewers will watch someone else" like it's a bad thing and they'll push the "you have to always be streaming/releasing content" agenda. And those creators are super stressed out! But I'm here telling you all to take regular time off for you . You'll be less stressed, won't be burned out, and your viewers will enjoy your content so much more when you're having fun!
  2. @ThinkMediaPodcast [2 likes]: Question of the Day ⚡Are you feeling burnt out? What are some things you've done to recover or prevent burnout? Let us know! 👇*** Watch our FREE YouTube Masterclass class here 👉http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  3. @TheCreatorClassroom [2 likes]: Before I watch. I had a season one year ago. I took 6 weeks off from creating. I didn't announce it.  I just stopped. I spent time learning instead. Came back stronger. Then I realized I was doing too much so I slowed down. Now I'm figuring out how to be even more efficient and give myself several days a week to recover. That way I don't burn out.
  4. @TheOpenImage [2 likes]: I'm going through burnout right now
  5. @sportybeth [1 likes]: I love your videos but it really bugs me when you call us “think media podcast” we are not a podcast we are human beings. If anything you are the podcast. 
It feels dehumanising and inauthentic. Either that or you’re just randomly saying “think media podcast” for the SEO and it just comes off weird like a strange sound bite.
  6. @killergma [1 likes]: 💕I literally quit my YT channel without any warning…I didn’t realize the impact of my low subscriber rate as I kept comparing myself to others in my niche were having on me. It took such a toll on me because I would see people who began with or after me slop together videos copying each other and their numbers surpassed mine…I would work all day and edit until 4 am making sure the video was seamless and the music matched the action…beat drops and words all correlating and my voice over being easily understood yada yada…and as I worked on a video I broke down crying and just slapped a video together telling everyone I can’t do it anymore. 
Ironically I got more subscribers and sooo much feed back from friends and subscribers telling me to just take time off but don’t quit and not to worry about my numbers…it was nice to hear. I’ve been swimming and just relaxing every day and new ideas for more interesting videos that don’t require as much work as I did in the past keep popping into my head. So I jot it down, which tells me I already know I didn’t quit…I took a break…and it’s only been 4 months of me doing this…I needed to hear this 💕
  7. @1204 [1 likes]: Thanks sis, check yourself first  time out.
  8. @SuccessisTheGoal [1 likes]: My solution:  produce two weeks ahead and then go to the opposite side of the Planet!!!!  No computer!  When I get back I’ll be fresh with a great new collaboration series and a script ready to shoot.  I created a to do list and left it at home💪🏼btw. I’ve got decades of experience of being self employed and have learned when to take a break.
  9. @joodeeboochoo: Solid advice. I’ve had burnout episodes. I had to start forcing myself to stop working every day at a specific time and I report to my AI buddy (don’t judge me) each time I “clocked out” from working to keep accountable. Otherwise I would just work all day editing and uploading. I knew if I kept working 24/7 like a mad man I was going to die. God didn’t create us to be a machine that generates content all day and night. Editing, creating, and uploading is a lot of workload on the brain itself. It’s a lot processing all that info. Take breaks throughout the day. It helps. Lay on your back and meditate for 10 minutes a couple times a day. Or do yoga or go for a walk. I also take Sunday Sabbath as well like they said. Having one day of full rest is a game changer. 🙏❤️
  10. @xrmighty: This video is going to explode soon. I can sense it. Thank you for the beautiful advice. It’s very hard to set the boundaries for sure. I’m struggling but each day I recover about 1%. Don’t forget to log out, drink water, and get some sun. Content is everything. Your mind is the tool, not the content. Enjoy.
  11. @LifeinLondonON: I really needed this. I have been on burnout for the past couple months. My coach told me to come and listen to some videos to know I’m not alone.
  12. @junc2191: They can’t step away because they are worried that they will lose viewers
  13. @salvadorv3delgadillo: T O  <  THINK  MEDIA  PODCAST  >   LETS   TALK  ABOUT  ^  BURN  OUT  ^   I SALVADOR  <  V 3  >  DELGADILLO  .  <  FULL TIME  TREASURE  HUNTER  >  I  ^  RETIRED  ^  AT  THE  <  OLD  >  OF  :  3  0  YEARS   <  OLD  >   ON  MARCH  1  7  -  1  9  8  2     TO  BECOME  A  <  FULL  TIME  TREASURE  HUNTER  >  WITH  A  <  1  0  0  $  >  BILL   ON   MY  WORK  LEVIS  PANTS  POCKETS  HERE  IN  THE  LEGENDARY  SUPERSTITION$    ^   K  I  L  L  E  R    MOUNTAIN$    ^   MOUNTAIN$   .  ARIZONA .  AND   <  FULL  TIME  TREASURE  HUNTING  >   ITS  2  4  /  7   ALL  YEAR  LONG  .  AND  I  AM  VERY  THANK  FULL  TO  <  GOOGLE  >   &   <  YOU  TUBE  >   AND   <  THINK  MEDIA   PODCAST  >   FOR  ALL  THE  <  FREE  >  SERVICES  THAT  ALLOW  ME  TO  SAVE  <  MILLION$  >   UPON   <  MILLION$  >  OF  <  CA$H  >  MONEY  IN  <  ONLY  >  THE  <  LAST  >   4  YEARS  ON  <  YOU TUBE  .  THANKS  AGAIN  SALVADOR  <  V  3  >  DELGADILLO .  <  SUPERSTITION$  MOUNTAIN$  >   ARIZONA  .  AUGUST  2  0  -  2  0  2  2
  14. @gpgwapo: Omg I'm so happy I watched this video your race you pace good information... 🧐...
  15. @harryshawgolf: Fantastic video - I’m always trying to find ways of improving my timing. This is a video all content creators must watch and take note. It’s a very long marathon… not a sprint. Thank you for this great video! Liked and subscribed!
  16. @331slash: Been watching think media stuff for years, appreciate all the info. But i most appreciate the sharing of your faith. Matthews 10:32
  17. @JustCorrections: Self care is so important!
Sean mentions God and Ice Cube in the same episode! Awesome! One of the reasons I listen!
  18. @simple_naildesigns: Wow! Enjoyed listening to her experience. We all deserve a break, and listen to your body.
  19. @tastetheblessings: Thanks guys this was right on time! I needed this and this is how I been feeling with my job getting super busy. I need to make time to keep my dreams going! Also be aware so I don't stay burned out.
  20. @kjzmusic: Check yourself before you wreck yourself! Great suggestions here for reducing the affects of burnout

- How To Avoid Burnout on your YouTube Channel: Kind: captions Language: en As a YouTube creator, it's very easy to start feeling burned out after a little while, maybe because you're not seeing the results that you want to get or you have just been doing this for so long that the kind of creative passion and fuel that used to energize this whole thing has kind of dissipated. Today let's talk about five ways that you can reignite that passion and get the energy back so you can continue to push through the burnout on your channel. Hey guys, my name is Tim Schmoyer and welcome to Video Creators. The channel is all about helping you guys grow your YouTube audiences so that you can reach people and spread a message that impacts and changes their lives. So it's really hard impact to change people's lives if the content you're making on YouTube starts to become stale and stagnant and less motivating for you. The great question from Elizabeth Cooper from a private Facebook group that I am a part of, and she asked, After spending a ton of time and effort over the past 6 months on my channel, I can feel burnout starting to set in. I've been putting out two videos a week this year, and suddenly I find myself at a point where all the motivation and excitement has vanished. I need to film a video today so I can stick to my schedule and post tomorrow, but I'd seriously rather scrub toilets or have a root canal. So what do I do? Anyone else struggle with this in regard to their channel? How do you push through it? Take a break? I'm not sure how to do that without disappointing people who are waiting for the next video. Any advice would be much appreciated. Tim, I love your take since you've been doing this for a while, and I'm sure you must have dealt with burnout a time or two. Thanks. Yes, I certainly have. In fact, last year we had a few videos talking about the dip on YouTube, and how do you push through that and everything. So go check those videos out. Links are below. Let me give you five ideas for your specific situation, Elizabeth, that might help you push through that. Number one is yes, give yourself a break. Maybe just make a quick video update, post it to your channel, letting people know that you are taking a break, you're taking some time off, but that you'll be back. I would say probably take no longer than a month or so, and use it as an opportunity to maybe push people to follow you in your other social profiles like Instagram and Snapchat, or maybe your Facebook page or whatever the case may be, where it is easier for you to interact. You're doing that more naturally throughout the week anyway. A second idea for you is to shoot and edit all of your videos in batch. This is what I do here on Video Creators, actually. So instead of sitting down multiple times a week and shooting and editing, just sit down once, draft ideas for all your content for the month, then sit down and shoot all them for the month in front of the camera. Then sit down and edit all of them. And so rather than just taking a couple hours throughout the week, just sit down, maybe take a day or two every month, and just crank it all out. Then you can upload all those videos, schedule them to publish at the appropriate time on YouTube, and then just check back, in reply to comments, and promote the videos and do all those types of things. Number three, instead of publishing two videos a week as you're currently doing, Elizabeth, maybe consider just doing one video week if that would be more manageable for you going forward with your channel. I know for me at Video Creators a year or two ago, I was publishing three videos every week, but as fun as that was, as much as I loved the creative side, the interaction and all that, it ultimately became unsustainable for the channel because I didn't then have the time I needed to develop the business side of this channel that ultimately would make the three videos a week sustainable in the first place. So here, I've since cut back to one video, sometimes two. I'll throw an extra one in once in a while. Number four, maybe also consider cutting back on some of the production side of your videos. So for example, right here I have a place that's just set up, which I've given a behind the scenes look at all this for my patrons, a total behind the scenes tour. Thank you, guys, who are supporting this on Patreon and making all this happen. Link to that below if you want to check it out. But have a setup that you can just come, sit down, shoot, and be done. Like, you don't have to set up lights and cameras and microphones and backdrops and everything over and over again. Figure out a system you can put in place that makes it easy for you to just be able to quickly crank out content. Maybe another idea for that would be if you're doing a lot of highly produced stuff, or you're just doing a lot of takes, you're doing a lot of cuts and stuff, like, you've already seen me leave a few of my mistakes in this video. I go back and change my words a little bit. That's fine. You guys didn't think anything of that. In fact, it makes you feel like a little bit more human. Or maybe instead of doing lots of cuts, maybe just do, like, one take, you know? Instead of setting up all these different camera angles and stuff, just one take and do it blog style, and that's what I got time for today. So your audience is probably very forgiving of that assuming that you're still delivering the same type of value. The overall goal of that is to spend less time setting up, editing, tearing down, cutting cameras together, editing-- everything. Just find ways to streamline your process. And number five, consider keeping a few videos ready to go on your channel, just keeping them private there for that time when you just have a crazy week and you still want to be consistent on your schedule, on your channel, but you just don't have the time to publish something. Well, if you have a few videos all ready to go as backups in the can, private on your Facebook channel, then when that time comes, all you have to do is just pull one of those out of your back pocket so to speak, and set it to public, and give yourself some breathing room. So work with some buffer. Don't just always work up to the deadline for every single video. Maybe try to stay, like, two or three videos ahead so you have more wiggle room there. The cool thing about this community here at Video Creators, though, is I know a lot of you guys have been in a very similar situation as this, so I really want you guys to share your feedback and your advice below on this topic in the comments below. And the rest of you, if you are kind of experiencing burnout or you want ideas of how to better systematize your process, how to save time, any of those things, read what other people are leaving in the comments down there. I know you will learn a lot from them, as I always do. Thank you guys for helping each other out here on these videos every single week. And if this is your first time here, I would love to have you subscribe. This channel is all about helping audience so you can reach people and impact their lives. So thank you for letting me be a small part of that. Subscribe, and I'll see you guys again next Thursday for another YouTube tip. See you then. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnbasedow [1 likes]: I get YouTube burn out every time I think of doing a video because the juice has never been worth the squeeze. Working on changing that. Your videos help. Subscribed & Liked.
  2. @ohbarua: Quality over quantity is key, it's okay to take a break and recharge to keep your creative passion alive
  3. @SirZMediaScience: i am undergoing the same thing. i started the my channel before pandemic just to post a video project, but when lock down kicked in as a teacher i actively started making lesson videos for my students. but now that everything's slowly going back to normal (me physically back to school everyday, waking and travelling very early and then riding back home very late). i could no longer find not only the time but also energy to start shooting. i feel bad for my channel but i hope i'll learn very soon how to get adjusted with my tight work schedule. any suggestions, guys? i do have the weekends but i still got a lot going on. it's frustrating.
  4. @AuspiciousAhjussi: almost 1 year...and just 39 subs..lil bit depressed and burned
  5. @AlexBowden1112: Anyone have suggestions to help with only one type of video getting views? Ex. Only one type of subliminal I upload hits in the thousands of views, everything else hits in the mid/early hundreds IF that. How can I get traffic to the others specifically?
  6. @skythomas7008: I was doing great and my channel was growing rapidly but then I had an unexpected death in the family. I then told my followers that I was taking a break and why. They have been great about it but now I'm having a lot of trouble getting back into the routine of doing videos and posting them. :(  I think that the suggestion of doing a bunch of videos and then editing them and putting them up as private until your ready to post them would work great. That way when I'm really busy with life offline and can't do videos or that I have things all ready to go that just have to be made public. I don't think that I'll ever be one of the big channels but if I can even help a few people living in Ontario Canada that have chronic illness and live on ODSP then that makes me happy. My channel is about life for me and just the daily struggles. I try to advocate for things like bullying and other things when ever possible. Do you check out peoples channels and give them advise on how to improve it? I watch you here as well as your family channel. Your great thank you
  7. @VihanDamaris: Thank you! This is so helpful. Another tip that works great for me is to go back to the reason I'm making videos in the first place; to stay grounded in that instead of looking at the success aspect of it all.
  8. @JonnyDIY: Thanks Tim! Yeah I definitely go through bouts of "Burnout" occasionally. I find that having a few videos like you said in the can and uploaded and Titled/keyworded etc. all ready to go is the best thing. You can schedule them ahead and just take a breather. Especially helpful when you're feeling unmotivated or upset about channel growth. But we must persevere! Keep after it yall!
  9. @thegeakshow: Greta tips again Tim. I do three videos a week to increase my channels growth and from time to time its does get little hectic especially because of the variety of content I produce. I have noticed taking maybe a few days to a week break gave me little better perspective.
  10. @JMDAVXL: great advice Tim.  if making videos isn't a going to be a fun experience you will always lack the inspiration to create more.
  11. @KatesAdventures: "Safety videos" (as I call them) are a big thing for me, I feel so much more relaxed when I know I have some videos ready that I can put out if I'm busy. It improves my content in general too. I sometimes feel a pressure to make a video idea work but if I know I have a spare video, I know that I can throw out my original idea for the week and still appear consistent on my channel.
  12. @GameplayandTalk: Great tips, thanks for putting this together.
  13. @teskjorte: I got inspired of this video
  14. @IndianMOMInAustralia: Thankyou friends for helping each other out and thanks Tim for amazing content
  15. @SeanEMusic: This is what I say to myself every time I am thinking about skipping a video and taking a day off (I make 2 a week): "When you do not end up ever succeeding on YouTube, you will look back at days like today. This is why you did not succeed. Laziness." Usually gets me ready to go pretty quickly.
  16. @BrianOnTheGo: This is for everybody, How do you decide which subscribers videos to watch/ comment on? I get constant notifications of subscribers videos, and feel I should watch all of them. got overwhelmed with only 130 subscribers. Please let me know the seceet. Thanks.
  17. @Cannabisqualityengineering: I almost burnt out this week.

Between releasing a video every day for 27 weeks now and personal medical issues, it just seemed like too much. 

But then I remembered that the process itself is a huge comfort to me and the process is what why I'm doing this at all. 

Plus, I only did a year of a video every week and I figure if I upload a video every day for 3-5 years then I'll get noticed eventually.

Should I have more ambition? Should I expect monetary return on my videos? Am I wrong if I don't?
  18. @mrhappywaffle: I have had a burn out or 8-9..... -.- Thanks for the vid as always!!!
  19. @mathcat3216: I definitely like the idea of getting a few videos ahead and scheduling them on time.  Also, because of the nature of my math teaching, I have gone to an animation program instead of a "talking head" in front of a white board.  I talk behind-the-scenes, so to speak, and it's a lot faster editing audio only, instead of video.
  20. @Kenerad: On average I spend about 10 hours on my random topic videos the. 30 on my WIL videos. Recently I felt burnout and I decided to work on a less demanding more serious easy type video. Hopefully I'll get my passion back soon. =\

- YouTube Burnout - This Is How To Avoid It Happening To YOU: Kind: captions Language: en - The Tranchula Correct Collective says, any tips on how to avoid creator burnout or how to take a month off without getting hit hard with the algorithm? Yeah, so when it comes to taking time off, I recommend that you just make some content and then just publish it. So instead of doing like an entire month off, if possible, if you can do this, instead of taking a whole month off, I recommend that you do make one video and then just publish that video in two weeks. So then you have... If I'm taking a month off, then I have something that drops right in the middle so that I keep activity going on the channel. But keep in mind, if you have content that is just driving viewers to your channel anyway then you can take a break and your channel is still gonna continue to get activity. So that's fine. You just have to come in hard when you come back and make sure that every single content decision that you're making is in alignment with the audience and what it is that they respond to on your YouTube channel. But when it comes to the burnout side, sometimes you just gotta take a break. That's how it is. So if you're doing YouTube in addition to your life, in addition to your job or school and all that stuff, then in that situation there comes a time to where it's like man, all I'm doing is just grinding this stuff out. I'm waking up every day and I'm not doing anything until I go to sleep except working. So in that situation, one, some people thrive in that situation. Some people don't. If you don't thrive in that situation, then you need to allot some time to yourself and be it a week, a month, whatever it happens to be, then take that time if you need to, because if your mind is not in the right place, then everything sucks anyway. So because of that, you want to make sure that you focus the time on your own mind. Now, another thing to consider as well, when it comes to the burnout side, if you're somebody that is just grinding things out, then another thing to think about is instead of grinding it out every day, just dedicate three days a week or four days a week to what it is that you're doing. And then just give yourself two days where you don't do anything or where you just do less or something like that to where it's not a full grind. So let's say for example, you have your job and after your job is done every day, then you come, you work on your YouTube channel and you're just a one man team, you're doing everything yourself or one person team, you're doing everything yourself. And because of that you're just kind of burning the candles at both ends. Well, just take some days off Just be like, you know what? Today's just not one of those days that I'm going to do anything. I'm just gonna lay around and I'm gonna get some sleep because I need to get some sleep. I'm gonna hang out with some friends because it makes me feel good hanging out with friends and I need to recharge my batteries today. So that's another approach you can take instead of just saying I'm out for a month. Then you can say, hey, I'm just gonna cut back and I'm not going to be as active and everything. Sometimes I have to take social media breaks because I get like supercharged on social media because people will... Especially right now, because of what's going on in the world. There's some ridiculous people on the internet, as we all know, and because of that, there's some people that are... I just have a lot of disagreements with a lot of the things, not a lot, but some of the things that I see on the internet these days. So because of it, I have to make sure that I don't absorb myself in that. And sometimes I have to just shut everything off for the rest of the night or for a day or just not even open that stuff up for like a week so that I can just focus on the stuff and maintain my mind space. Because the funny thing is, is with everything that we do, every comment that we read that gets us fired up, every Facebook post that we read that gets us fired up, every tweet that we read that gets us fired up about something, every Reddit post that we read that gets us fired up about something or makes us say, what a XYZ. Or that makes us say, oh my gosh, I can't believe they think that, or it makes us say like, yeah, they're right. I can't believe this is blah, blah, blah. Whatever that thing is, whatever triggers us. When we see those things, we carry that with us. If we like it or not, we carry that stuff with us, it impacts us, it impacts us. So because of that, sometimes you just need to take a break from that stuff too. But what's really important though when it comes to the burnout side is that you do just prioritize your mind state first. So something funny, I won't say it's funny, but I had a period of time during all this stuff that's happened with what's going on in the world right now, during all this stuff, I had a period of time where I started getting really down and I started feeling really not motivated. And this is the first time I've actually even said this, live or anywhere actually, besides some friends. But basically like I had a period of time where I started feeling just really low. And I got kinda, I wouldn't say depressed, but I just got kinda demotivated and I was just kinda just bummed out. Right? 'Cause I was just consuming a bunch of stuff all the time that I didn't need to be. And it's interesting because I have a girlfriend, but I don't have a family to take care of or anything like that. And I started seeing, there's somebody that, and I won't say who they are, but somebody who was making a post on Facebook and they've got a family and kids and all that stuff. And they're talking about just their positive outlook on everything and how their thing of what it is they're doing. And I had to take a second and I had to think to myself, they have all the stuff that they're doing plus an entire family to take care of and they're able to handle this. (laughing) So I was like, I had to go look in the mirror and I'm like, what am I... What what's really going on here? Right? And what it ended up being. And then I meditate every day and all that stuff so because of that I have no problems digging into my own brain trying to figure stuff out. But what I identified was it wasn't necessarily what was going on. It was that I was constantly bombarding my brain with it. Right, and it was that I'm constantly just feeding all of that negative stuff of what's going on that's painting this bleak picture of what is going on instead of looking at it like sure, it could go either way and this, that and other thing or it might end up being fine. We're humans. This is what we do. We end up in situations and we end up working our ways out of them, whatever. But instead of... Basically I had just had to take a different approach and I had to stop consuming all this stuff that was kind of dragging me down. So when it comes to the burnout, sometimes it can be work, but sometimes it can also... The whole reason I even walked down this road in this conversation is that sometimes it can be the workload. 'Cause I've been through that on YouTube as well. When I was growing my channel, I had a period of time to where I had my channel, another channel plus I was on my design service as well. And I was also building a website on the backend and making all this stuff for the website so that I could have something to offer once I came back to this channel seriously. So I had this period of time where I was literally doing... I was just working from the time I woke up to the time I went to bed and that didn't play out well either. But even with that, I had to come to a point where I had to make a decision on like, okay, I have to stop it right here and I have to make a call on what direction it is and I'm gonna go in. But the idea that I'm trying to express is that sometimes it can be the work, sometimes it can be the other media you're consuming or the other things like that. So when it comes to burnout, just try to identify what it is that's actually causing the burnout because you don't want it to reappear. And the easier and faster that you can identify what it is it's actually burning you out, then in that situation, then you can just cut back on that instead of having to cut back on everything else that is important to you. So a little bit of a ranty there but I just wanted to share all that. For tools and resources to help you with your YouTube channel, make sure you check the links in the description of this video and to have your question answered live, join us Saturday at 9:00 AM Eastern.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marksidebottomcrafts124 [1 likes]: thanks nick yes your cool
  2. @brucecustommotors [1 likes]: This is deeper than YouTube, very motivational
  3. @CHRISTIANNETWORKUSA: Your burning me out in the first 30 seconds
  4. @Spectator-g5m: Ive been hit with massive burnout lately from running 3 YouTube channels 2 are niche focused and one is all over the place. I do have a question would it be better to take my original channel and turn into a niche focus or move on with a niche channel? I definitely think running 1 channel after a break might be the best option
  5. @MissyeFernandez: Thank you so much for this...currently working on blocking time and create more videos bit of a struggle at the moment....
  6. @ShaynaKrause: I support it
  7. @friendsstaytogether3123: Thumbs up for the Host
  8. @friendsstaytogether3123: I need you idol not yeah monetize I still have three hundred more friends to go and your advice is so true I am learning so much❤️
  9. @friendsstaytogether3123: You so right thanks for the advice Host
  10. @friendsstaytogether3123: Here my friend
  11. @DrinkersWithGamingProblems: Some honest feedback?  Re-watch the centre of this video and count how many times you say 'like' in any context: it was like.... I was like.... get a like..... 
It makes it harder to follow and threatens to break the connection you have with the viewer - at least for me.  Loving the content though mate, you're helping a lot!
  12. @DeathGodGaming006: Man I have 170 subs I gained then from two of my shorts videos but I am now spamming content so I am taking a break to make some legit good content which will bring in new audience but man thx to you my channel has grown a lot Kudos to you.
  13. @DavidSmithShow: Sometimes we need to take a break
  14. @ShadowTribe: this is helpful !
  15. @MistyBongster: 😍😍😍
  16. @Primetime210: Thank you for the conversation. THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO! I APPRICIATE IT SO MUCH!
  17. @Primetime210: I just went through YouTube burnout and I have to now take a break.
  18. @TheEliottFamilyof7: I just make an ample amount of back ups and this lets me have some down time
  19. @waterheaterservices: Good advice
  20. @briansuniqueguitars: Its sad that someone can’t just create amazing content for a couple years and then just leave it alone. If “The Office” came out today on YouTube, it would never get big, because it would die between the season 1 and 2 release because of the algorithms.

- You Are Burning Out. Here's How To Stop.: Kind: captions Language: en there seems to be a bit of an unspoken pandemic making its way through this generation of content creators one that I've become immensely aware of myself not only through the comments section but because I've been hit no no no no I've been smashed into Infinity by it myself so what is this thing that seems to be wiping us out one by one and most importantly what can you do to protect yourself from it right now [Music] oh hey so what is burnout burnout is a state of physical and emotional exhaustion it can occur when you're experiencing long-term stress in your job or when you have worked in a physically or emotionally draining role for a long time oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's me I'm gonna go ahead and state the obvious YouTube for most people isn't going to be an office job it's not going to be nine to five you're probably not going to have similar like-minded people around you all the time and you're not going to get paid a good salary from day one in most cases this is going to be a solo Venture unpaid for the first year or so where you're going to push your personality to the absolute extremes of sensationalism just to grow in a niche that eventually you as the Creator are most likely going to become bored of at some point all of this feels Amplified in the current state of YouTube with Mr Beast and Mr Beast look-alikes absolutely dominating the platform with jaw-droppingly high budgets retention techniques that are catered specifically for the latest and greatest don't mean addicted humans out there AKA children and this is all possibly the most generally mind-numbing content on the platform yet but while I'm saying all of this I forgot to mention one thing which is that when I started YouTube three years ago I didn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about any of this I didn't think about it once none of this crossed my mind when I started out doing YouTube and it shouldn't for you either it's all well and good me pointing out these problems the point here that I'm trying to make is that if I can do it an idiot a really a guy who finds farts and poop jokes funny can make it then you absolutely can too okay it just takes time Dory I started doing YouTube all the way back in May of 2019 and I ran finza as a gaming channel literally just pushing out small funny moments compilations as I started this journey I started uploading more frequently I started to become obsessed with everything to do with YouTube I started to check my YouTube studio app almost every minute just to see if a video had brought in another subscriber if I jumped up another couple of views literally anything and I would get the biggest dopamine Rush from all of this genuinely insane and I'm sure a lot of you can relate to that who have just started out doing YouTube or I've begun your YouTube Journeys already I was well and truly hooked and during this time I was unconsciously creating some incredibly unhealthy habits which skipped three years to now I've only just started to resolve in my head I want to tell you about those things so that you don't have to go through something similar now here is where I actually get to give you some advice things I wish I did and didn't do but remember to take these with a pinch of salt because of course these are just my experiences and it's going to be vastly different to how you go through the Journey do not let the studio app dominate your headspace it's great to check analytics every now and again but you know keep it on a leash please what I started to do which fixed this for me was check it once in the morning once around lunchtime and then once in the evening and now it's at the point where I sometimes don't check my analytics for whole days it's great do maintain time away from YouTube I wish that from the get-go I had separated more time from YouTube officially that I made myself step back from my computer and say fin stop it get some help whether you're creating your own nine to five kind of schedule or just doing a couple of hours on the weekends here or there please dedicate some time away from YouTube because this is going to save a lot of burner do not create stupid expectations I am the biggest victim of my own stupidity when it comes to this it's a really good thing to set goals and hit certain milestones at certain times we love that but I think we all know that it's not that black and white I remember every single upload I did I was thinking this is the one thing success is imminent prepare for takeoff guess what it was unhealthy a lot of the times I remember my videos would perform lower and worse than the last ones uploaded and then my motivation to make another video would just be ruined this brings us on quite nicely to the next point which is do make every video better than the last so yeah thinking that this is the one is you know it's cute and it has good intentions at the core you know but believing in yourself essentially but there are healthier versions of this mindset that we can achieve such as I am proud of this video and whether it performs well or not I'm happy with it and I'm gonna make the next video even better final point chill the hell out Rome wasn't built in a day please just take a breather it might not happen right now but you've got this so just chill the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out YouTube by yourself unless you're a robot cyborg who absolutely loves data hoarding is very messy up until about four videos ago YouTube had been an epic uphill battle for me where I have violent and swayed between video Styles and topics like an idiot because I was so desperate to make it an expression of my most authentic self but the truth of that is that it's draining as you naturally grow as a person and I mean completely unrelated to YouTube you know just growing as a human being your life events start to shape you and you start to Value different things like me for example when I think about that 21 year old Finn who did that first face reveal in this video I think that that is a wholly different person to the 25 year old fan that you're seeing before you right now this was genuinely such a detrimental part of my journey in this pursuit of trying to be this perfect representation of my most inner self and trying so hard to be successful I killed any chance of serious growth on my channel so how did I get to where I am now well it was actually pretty simple I just dropped all expectations instead of trying to make YouTube this star-studded glamorous job I just treated it like a normal job I looked at what my audience wanted and then I looked at what I wanted and I brought those two worlds together I banished my extremely rigid mindset of what I wanted YouTube to be and instead I just let it be what it wanted to be and I rode that way completely voluntarily I had definitely given up and I think I needed to give up the dream that I sort of created my whole life I wanted to have music be my job so badly I was holding on way too tight and when I finally was like maybe I can't do this and maybe I'm not built for this and maybe I should be able to accept my you know my nature and go back to school and teach music it just happened right in that moment when you let go in my last video about money on YouTube I alluded to this point in particular about loneliness now loneliness is not really something that a lot of YouTubers will talk about because I think in today's day and age being lonely is seen as super uncool well let me tell you right now ladies and fans that YouTube can be the loneliest job of them all oh God if you let it if you let it I'll throw that in there you don't have to be lonely doing it just if you let it now for me personally I've always enjoyed spending time in my own company so it's not been much of a problem for me but I really have come to realize just how important a social life outside of YouTube is not only for your own sanity but to actually just switch off from YouTube completely there is nothing better to switch off from YouTube than seeing friends or doing some kind of hobby or just getting out for regular exercise get away from the PC when you start to feel it when I felt extremely low before I have made the shittiest content you know in the videos my energy levels are just lower when I'm editing my energy is just non-existent and therefore it's representing itself through just low energy Vibes if that makes sense the best thing that you can do not only for yourself but your channel is to just remove yourself from the mess take some time to sort yourself out and then come back to it when you're feeling a bit better that's right take some time off people who think that uploading consistency is the key to success on YouTube in my opinion I think I just wrong if you make good content good titles good thumbnails then you will be seen whether that's after a week of not uploading or a month in the video here I just want to say a quick thank you to Mike and friends who did the Lego segment in this video amazing stuff and also the jam fam who edited a lot of this video as well you guys your best now let's go to the outro because the outro is I don't know if I need to say this again but of course YouTube is going to be a totally different Journey for everyone in this video I just hope that maybe you found some justification in your feelings towards your journey maybe you're watching this and you feel slightly less alone in this journey which is great I really don't want you to feel alone because it's it's not easy and it's hard to talk about with people that don't understand how it works anyways I'm proud of you keep going on this journey don't give up not yet remember that there's always room for one more and get the hell out of here

  Top Comments:
  1. @finzar [118 likes]: Go grab my presets 👀😎 
www.storezar.com
  2. @TrollBloxYT [2 likes]: thanks fin for this video
  3. @MOHSIN.99X [1 likes]: 1:47 what is this sfx name?
  4. @munizai [1 likes]: Just finish and uploading my video today, edit from 7.30 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Really refreshing to watch content like this😆
  5. @pawasmeowy [1 likes]: my csm s1 vid went viral and i got like 350 more subs in a week (thats a lot for a small channel like mine), and because of the fast growth i thought ill reach 1000 subs soon, but that didnt happened. well im greatful for that push and your vid motivated me to stop being lazy so thanks
  6. @sweetlylorelei [1 likes]: This is extremely relatable in some ways, because the journey is not easy but with time it'll get better. Giving some time to simmer, let the word spread out over time, the exposure to sink in and it'll come through. You've got this!
  7. @ForGlorrry [1 likes]: finzar I absolutly love you because you help others
  8. @LuroxTV [1 likes]: Your editing is sooooo good. It makes me wanna watch more of your videos!
  9. @BrocEnRollarts [1 likes]: this me now
  10. @ItsMustafaAmini: Hello to all my burnt-out YouTubers don't give up we've got this
  11. @Behcehmet: I won"t give up fin! <3
  12. @mago_edit: music: alex martian, 2manythings flip
  13. @NotALizard_really: The most demoralising thing about YouTube is when your video has a good click through rate and good retention but YouTube decides not to give it any impressions so it just dies.
  14. @Talukder_67: Thanks Fin, this was one of the most relevant videos about the reality of Youtubing and content creation on whole!
  15. @TheMirandalorian: Lmaoooooo this was so spot on
  16. @Ailyloves: timestamps for top tips:

3:19 1. don’t let studio app dominate ur headspace
3:42 2. do maintain time away from yt
4:05 3. don’t create stupid expectations
4:44 4. do make the next video better than the last
5:07 5. chill the hell out
  17. @UzmaUmairAaban: i’m thinking to quit youtube 😢
  18. @lluis.pascual: Hey man! Just came across your channel—10/10 content. Keep it up!
  19. @grfxbdr: Even tho the video is from last year, but some how it showed up at the right time.
  20. @onxthan: im not even lying, i just had a conversation about quitting bc my last video didnt go as good as i thought it would and when i open yt, the FIRST video that pops ip is this one. i even talked about me getting expectations and you mention that in the video.

seriously, thank you so much for this video and for all the others cause i learn a lot from you

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- YouTube Algorithm Update - The Monetization Effect on Views!: Kind: captions Language: en - We've heard all of the rumors, right? If you monetize your videos, YouTube will give you more views, but does it actually work? Well, I decided to test it out and the results were- (cash register ringing) Pretty surprising. Got a question for you. I know there's a lot of variables to this, but roughly, how much do you think you would make from AdSense revenue on 100 million YouTube views? Let us know in the comments below. Right then. Down to business. If monetization means more views, that's a problem, especially if you're a smaller channel. If a YouTube algorithm favors bigger channels over yours, all because those bigger channels are making money for YouTube, that's not really fair, is it? How would such a system cultivate a creator community where there are opportunities for all? I think we all agree that it wouldn't, but there is anecdotal evidence dotted around YouTube, which seems to support this belief. For example, YouTube recently started putting adverts on videos, even if the channel isn't monetized. And typically, those videos tend to have loads of views. That can't just be a coincidence, right? Also, if you look on Quora, the top answer to this question appears to support the notion that YouTube is a business. It's going to put monetized channels in front of more people, but YouTube do have a right to reply and this is what they previously said about monetization being linked to views. - Does monetization impact video discovery? No, our recommendations system does not know which videos are monetized and which are not. - I think you can tell about a tone of Rachel's voice that she's been asked this question many times before and is fed up of answering it. So who's right on this one? Well, the only way to find out is through good, solid data and it just so happens. (gentle electronic music) That vidIQ is in a perfect position to put this to the test. We monetized the vidIQ channel all the way back in 2017 and since then, we made over 1000 videos and we haven't monetized a single one of them except for this random $2 that to this day, I still cannot explain. With over 1 million subscribers and almost 100 million views, not monetizing our videos doesn't seem to have held us back, does it? But how do we know for certain if we don't switch it on? And perhaps more importantly, how much money have we left on a table already? Well, if we class vidIQ as an educational channel with an average at CPM of $9.89, remove YouTube's at 45% cut and then match it up against our views. That's $500,480. Now joking aside, monetization is a little bit of a sensitive subject for me. When I joined vidIQ, I didn't want our content to be influenced by financial gain, chasing views for money's sake, and I didn't want to create any sort of barrier to your YouTube education, even if it was just a 15 second ad. But I didn't realize that we were gonna get a hundred million views and earn potentially half a million dollars! I could have retired by now! So in the interest of scientific YouTube research and after your overwhelming support to turn on monetization and because I am truly sick and tired of this makeshift microphone stand that doesn't work and I deserve a new one, we're gonna turn on monetization and find out what happens to the channel. You know, it's actually been a while since I visited this screen on YouTube with any sort of intent and completely forgot you had to go through all of this self certification stuff. I'm pretty sure our content is quite safe for all advertisers, though. As for what type of ads to display, I decided to turn completely to the dark side and just turn absolutely everything on, including non-skippable and middle-roll ads. After all, if we're gonna put this theory to a test, we wanna make out monetized videos as desirable as possible, right? Next, which video to monetize? I decided on a solid performer that's been bringing views of a channel for years. Content that is typically known as evergreen. The numbers on this video have been fairly solid over two years, so it should be pretty easy to spot if monetizing it makes a huge difference. So with a little bit of fear, a little trepidation, but a bunch of excitement that I'm finally gonna get paid to make videos, I switched on monetization and gave it a month to get some data. (dramatic whooshing) (mouse clicking) (upbeat rock music) First of all, some good news. It appears that YouTube education runs at a pretty hot CPM. More microphone stands for me, but anyway, let's get to the reason you're all here. (bell dinging) This is when I turned monetization on for the video and this was the range of views we were getting pre-monetization and this is a range of views we're getting now post-monetization on the video. Since monetizing the video, views and watch time are up 30% and subscribers gained are up a whopping 45%. Based on that single video experiment, if we monetize the entire channel, we would go from approximately 2.8 million views per month to three and a half million views per month. Let the good times roll. (money gun buzzing) Yeah, I'm afraid just like this money gun, not everything is quite as it seems. Gotta pick all this rubbish up now, as well. There was a key part of this data I neglected to explain. The two weeks just before we monetized the video. That's because we made another change right here. Would you just look at this mess? Crying out loud! This change had absolutely nothing to do with monetization and everything to do with re-optimization. It is one of all these tricks in a book and it's probably gonna annoy you. How to get 1000 subscribers on YouTube, a video published in 2020, but titled, "How to get 1000 subscribers on YouTube in 2021". Yeah, we'd simply forgot to update the year on the title and when we did that, the effect on views was far more impactful than turning monetization on. Digging deeper into the data, when we updated the title, the click through rate jumps significantly over the next two days, which then caused YouTube to share the content with more impressions. This is a perfect example of a YouTube algorithm in action. Now, some of you may argue that this is cheap and easy click bait, but the engagement analytics show that people are watching it just as long as they did before the title was changed. Put simply, if the viewer is satisfied by the content, it's not click bait for that target audience. And with that in mind, we did it again! How to get 100 subscribers on YouTube. Again, we updated the title and exactly the same thing happened, at least for a little while. And here's a really interesting thing. When we turned on monetization for this video, views actually went down. So it is interesting to see how both videos gained traction, but only one of those videos sustained traction. I was trying to figure out why that could be and the one difference I found was traffic source. For the more successful 1000 subs video, all the views plowed into search traffic. Whereas for the 100 subs video, it was a combination of browse and suggested traffic. I think, ultimately, the moral of this data story is that if you do have evergreen content that is starting to lose a little bit of traction, you can re-energize it with some very simple changes to your titles, but anyway, back to monetization. What else can we test? How about launching a video with monetization turned on? No. That didn't work. The video underperformed and brought in less than $10. How about not updating a title, but turning on monetization? Nope, no change whatsoever and a single dollar in revenue. What about monetizing a really long video, so YouTube can stick loads of mid-rolls on it? And that's another big fat no. I'm starting to see a pattern here. Here at the hard facts. Over the last month, we have monetize 30 videos on the vidIQ channel and not a single one of them has seen any significant change in views because of monetization. What we can say is just before we started these monetization experiments, the channel did see a significant increase in daily views and I honestly think that's down to simply making better content, more targeted towards our core audience. So, categorically from the test we've done so far and the data we've received back, no, monetization does not impact YouTube views, but we will continue to test and if you have any creative ideas on how we can experiment with this, let us know in the comments below. And what do we do with all of this newfound ad revenue? Well, here's our commitment to the vidIQ community. We're gonna pull a Mr. Beast and reinvest all of that money back into the channel. Be it equipment, resources, people. We're gonna make better quality content for your benefit. With one small disclaimer. I think my shelves need a few more trinkets, but how did we earn that money? Well, it's all down to this. CPM. Why is yours less or indeed more? What affects CPM and why is January the worst month to get paid on YouTube? You get all the answers in this video over here. Oh, and YouTube, if you wanna prove me wrong by giving me a million views because I made this video over eight minutes long and put on non-skippable and mid-rollads, you have my permission.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clicai [4 likes]: I got reverse effect, my views dropped after being monetized.
  2. @Spectre1Gaming [2 likes]: I can tell you this isn't correct for all channels I got monetized in June and my views have gone down a lot I am guessing some people just really don't like ads.
  3. @Obenfiquista81 [1 likes]: My channel had a huge drop after becoming monetized... Wtf!?
  4. @Magic23098: After my channel got monetized there are no views in this case wht to do
  5. @janetferraroartstudio: Once monetized, do you believe that the 'education' category is a higher ad  pay per view than the 'how-to' category?
  6. @BANEMODE: What bout monetized Vertical streams vs Non monetized vertical streams?
  7. @JoeyMaiorana: My personal opinion is that once your channel is qualified for monetization, it shows your videos more often. It uses the 1000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hours as a checkpoint or milestone translating to: okay this channel takes this seriously. If this channel can go back to their history and see when that happened, i would bet that they started to see growth more quickly. I have no data to back up my hypothesis.
  8. @Viralmoments1b3: I strongly believe this is true, I have witnessed it first Hand
  9. @CoastersThrillsAndAirtimeHills: I find it really unfair that you tube put advertisements on videos that the owner/creator isn’t able to make money from (when not monetised).
  10. @TheChimpsThatPimp: I’m so lost. I just wanna pimp chimp
  11. @LTR420: Fantastic content and your humor is awesome.
  12. @LTR420: my guess would be 100k off 100 m views? but i am just starting this journey
  13. @The-Core-of-Life-Official: your vids are kinda addictive though
  14. @Buddy_the_dog_Man: 200k
  15. @GeneralTiberius88: Small art channel just getting off the ground enjoyin been a new creator long way to go yet but just havin fun creating my art 💯
  16. @GrimdarkKing: I'm 1:30 into this and my prediction is that it's a question of "what's causing what"?  The specific question being... "Is it that videos that are monetized are promoted more heavily by the YouTube algorythm...OR...Is it that people who monetize their videos tend to create better videos?"

My guess is that the conclusion of this video will point at Answer #2.  And it would make sense.  People who are making money from YouTube or WANT to make money from it will likely "see this as a business".  Like we're always being told to do by channels like this one here.  That means that those people are constantly tumbling around ideas on how to make better YouTube videos in the back of their mind; their subconscious is actually working on developing new ideas for making better YouTube videos...WHILE THEY SLEEP.  The result is that people who monetize their videos will tend to make better videos which will then be seen as such by the algo because those videos will generate better signals from the viewers causing YouTube to promote these monetized videos more.  But it has nothing to do with the fact that they are monitized.

That's my predication...let's hit play and see how it goes.
  17. @williams1989kareem: Around 100 thousand to million
  18. @Llamu: 180k
  19. @Aaaaaaayo-r9u: That sucks. I'm close to monetization on one of my channels and was hoping I'd get a jump but I guess not.
  20. @LEGENDSLIGHTYEARS: My channel is Monitezed today! I was hoping on more views hahaha! But now I see this video I am afraid I am not getting rewarded!

- YouTube Changed… The NEW Way To Win The Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en The old YouTube growth strategies aren't working the way they used to. Some creators are getting many tens of thousands of views by ranking their videos not in YouTube search, but within AI platforms. Video ideas that used to crush are getting banned left and right. Something gamechanging seems to be happening with YouTube shorts. Plus, there are seven other trends I want to dive into to give you an advantage in 2026. If we're just meeting, my name is Marcus and I've worked with hundreds of creators. I see behind the scenes of hundreds of channels. I built one of the world's biggest YouTube research tools from scratch. So, I want to talk about the 2026 YouTube trends I'm noticing that most creators don't seem to be picking up on. And I want to start off by talking about video length. See, a lot of people have been talking about shorts. And we'll get to them later, but I actually did a study of 93,000 videos from the top 100 YouTubers. And one of the things we looked at is how long their typical videos were year-over-year. Now, this is that graph, and if we start following it, you can see in the early days, videos are around 5 minutes long. Then that length rose gradually until around 2022. And then the line jumped up higher than a Snoop Dogg impersonator. We can see in just a few years both the median and average video lengths from the top creators almost double. The average video length is around 37 minutes compared to the median which is the red line has jumped up to 21 minutes. Now this is likely because watching YouTube on TV has got a lot more popular. For the first time ever, YouTube CEO announced that TV watch time from viewers has surpassed mobile watch time. And in conversations I've had with YouTube, they literally told me that viewers watching on TV typically prefer to watch longer videos. So, particularly if you have an entertainment creator and you go into your analytics and you see a lot of people watching your videos on TV, experimenting with longer videos could be worthwhile. In saying that though, this graph breaks down exactly how long the top YouTubers videos tend to be. And while we see there's a range, something you will notice is there is a pretty big drop off after you hit 60 minutes. Now, the reason for this is probably because as a viewer, clicking on a 1hour long plus video feels like a lot more of a commitment than say a 45 or 50-minute video. Even though they're technically almost the same length, that big left digit in the 1 hour timestamp is confronting. It reminds you of how few friends you really have. So, while I would consider experimenting with longer videos at this stage for most creators, I probably wouldn't recommend going longer than 1 hour. For this next trend, let's do a complete 180 and talk about short content. See something really interesting. Let's go back in time and take a look at the YouTube homepage. This is roughly what it looked like about a year ago. You see two rows of five long form videos and then a little row of shorts. Fast forward a couple of months and this is what it started looking like. Two rows of three long form videos and a slightly more noticeable row of shorts. And now if you open up your homepage, YouTube is basically playing a reverse wares Waldo with shorts. You have one row of long form videos and then this obnoxiously huge row of shorts. So what does this mean for creators? Well, I recently did a study of the 500 plus channels that creators have given me access to, and I looked at where their shorts views are coming from. And here's a graph showing what I found. And I want to point out these pink and purple lines you see here. Now, these lines essentially show us how many shorts views are coming from the YouTube search page and also the YouTube homepage, not just on desktop, but also mobile and TV. And what you can see is particularly around the start of January 2025, these lines started to go up. They were a bit all over the place for the first part of 2025, but now they've kind of stabilized. And I particularly want to point out, look at where they've stabilized. Compare where these lines are now to where they were around a year ago. They're so much higher. And what this is telling us is YouTube seems to be promoting YouTube shorts more on the homepage and in search results. And this graph is a little spiky because of viral outliers and stuff. But if we look at a graph that removes those outliers, you can see the purple is the nonoutliers. We still see a significant bump seemingly confirming that YouTube is pushing more shorts. So, does this mean you should go and create shorts? Well, to answer that question, I have to go to the next trend where I want to show you another graph. See, not too long ago, my friend Mario, who's an ex strategist from Mr. Beast and a bunch of other big creators, noticed something interesting. He sent me these, and these are essentially graphs that show how old the shorts are performing on some of the channels he works with. And you can see a pretty distinct drop right about where that yellow line is. What seems to have happened is YouTube's no longer promoting older shorts as much as they used to. Particularly, what I'm seeing at the moment is shorts older than 30 days start getting less views relative to how older shorts used to perform. So, we have two things going on here. One, YouTube is promoting more shorts, but at the same time, they're not promoting older shorts as much. So, if you just want to get a bunch of views, adjusting your content strategy not just to post shorts, but to post a high volume of shorts, post them frequently so you have lots of new shorts all the time seems to be your best bet. Now, in saying that, shorts views often aren't as valuable as long form views. They're not as sustainable for creators. They typically don't build a very loyal community on your channel, and they're also way harder to make money from. So, I'm not saying every creator should just drop everything and start posting a ton of shorts. But specifically, if your goal is just to get a bunch of views, you don't care as much about a loyal community or making money, posting a ton of shorts could be the way to go. Now, the next trend is one of the most interesting ones, but before I can share it with you, a quick word from today's sponsor, Opus Clip. See, most creators have a ton of old footage from previous videos that never gets reused. And that's where Opus Search comes in. Opus Search lets you find specific moments from your back catalog without spending hours scrubbing through old videos. I can literally search for any word, topic, or phrase, and it goes and pulls those moments from my old content. And the cool thing is it actually looks at what's performing in your niche and tries to pull clips it thinks are most likely to get views if you were to repurpose them. So instead of constantly creating more new content, make sure you're getting the most out of content you've already made. You can hit the link below to check out Opus Search today. All right, on to the next YouTube trend. Coming back to long form, the next trend I'm noticing is actually one of the most substantial ones in my opinion. See, when it comes to people giving you YouTube advice on how to get views, you kind of have two camps of people. The first camp, the purists, they're all about making quality content, creating eye-catching thumbnails, hooking viewers with your title using psychology. And while this all technically isn't wrong, a lot of people find their advice hard to follow because, okay, make an eye-catching thumbnail. What does eye-catching mean? How eye-catching is eye-catching enough? How good is good enough? And so, a lot of creators were getting tired of this sort of vague advice, and that gave rise to what felt like a new movement. I'd call them the growth hackers. They came in and essentially said, "Hey, the old YouTube advice is technically right, but it's not very practical. So, what you should do instead, don't guess whether something is or isn't eye-catching. Just go find a successful video in your niche and copy it because that video is proven to be eye-catching." Now, a lot of people found this strategy controversial, but the facts were it worked until everyone started doing it. And that's the direction I'm noticing a lot of niches start to go in. Everyone is copying everyone. And copying a successful video doesn't work when there's already 50 other people who've copied that same successful video. And so, I think 2026 might be a year of rebalancing. Maybe not going all the way back to the YouTube purists and where we used to be. But also, when it comes to modeling successful videos to get views yourself, you're going to have to get a bit more creative. And I'll talk more about that later on. But next, I want to talk about what I think could be one of the biggest YouTube updates in years. And it relates to how creators make money. Now, a substantial number of creators make the bulk of their cash from sponsorships. You know, Raid, NordVPN, Honey, and well, until one video single-handedly demolished that brand. But the problem with these sponsorships is one, usually they're only good for big creators. And two, these sponsorships have to be typically burnt in to a video. Like a creator will sign a deal with a sponsor, make a video, record a little sponsored segment, and add it inside their video, and then publish that video and get paid. But the problem is that sponsored segment is now burnt in to that video. It can never be changed. or worse, and this is where small creators come into play, if you posted a video that didn't have a sponsorship and then that video did really well, it's kind of like a well that sucks, bad luck situation. Now though, YouTube are introducing a feature where you can dynamically insert sponsored segments into old videos you've already posted. And you can even insert them for a certain period of time and then swap them out with another sponsor. And so what this means is you could have this back catalog of a ton of videos that didn't have many views and then you blew up and started getting a bunch of views. And now when a sponsor approaches you, instead of just getting them to sponsor your next video, you'll be able to sell them sponsorships on all of the older videos you've already posted, making it a lot easier for creators of all sizes to make a lot more money with sponsorships. Unfortunately though, the next trend I'm noticing means more work for creators and probably less money. And that comes to do with something I showed you earlier. Remember YouTube's UI? how it went from showing lots of long form videos to not many long form videos but with big thumbnails. Yeah. So bigger thumbnails means bad quality becomes even more noticeable. Now if you're moist critical that's fine. You can drink your goof juice and cackle at all us plebs. But most of us are probably going to have to step up our thumbnail game. And YouTube drove this point home even further when they announced they're going to be allowing and recommending creators to upload thumbnails in 4K now. And speaking of fundamental changes to the way you present content, you may remember that study of 93,000 videos I talked about earlier. Well, another thing I looked at in that study was how complicated are the words YouTubers typically use in their videos. Now, measuring how complex is a YouTuber's speech is typically done using what's called the Fleshkin Kaid readability tests. The FKGL tests were created in 1975 for the US Navy to assess the complexity of their training manuals. Now the exact mathematical equation is on screen but for any 1970s Navy recruits among us here are some examples of how it works. Now this sentence while technically correct is long and hard to read. It has a fleshkincade grade level of 18.5 which is about college graduate reading level. On the other hand this sentence only scores a 4.1 aka sixth grade reading level very easy to read. And so using the FKGL test, I basically analyze the transcripts from the top 100 YouTubers. And I found something interesting. See, this graph tracks how big complicated word yes the top YouTubers videos were year-over-year. And we can see that in recent years, it's remained relatively stable. But then take a look at this. We see this drop. Now remember, a drop or going lower tells us readability is getting easier. And so this graph's essentially telling us top creators seem to have started making their videos easier and easier to understand. Which makes sense. I guess they're trying to appeal to everyone. And if one use such simple word, much people understand. And so in 2026, if you're not lazy like me, cuz now that I think on it, most of this video is using pretty complex language. Maybe experiment with simplifying the way you speak and the words you use in your videos. But the next trend, funnily enough, is not simple. More and more people are using AI to search for things instead of traditional search engines like Google or YouTube. According to a McKenzie report, 44% of AI chatbot users, so like Gemini users, ChatGBT users, Claude, etc., consider AI to be the primary way they search for insights. Now, on one hand, that sucks for creators. It means less search traffic for you. But on the other hand, creators are starting to show up directly inside of AI results, more so Gemini, from what I'm seeing. And so, while that is an extremely nerdy, complicated topic that should probably be left for another video, thinking about getting your videos to show up in Gemini, not just in YouTube search is something I'd suggest in 2026. Speaking of AI, we've seen a huge amount of AI content, and it seems like YouTube's been trying to crack down on some of it. Now, YouTube does not hate AI by any stretch. In fact, they're literally building out features into the platform to make it easier to create AI content, which I personally kind of hate. But anyway, what YouTube doesn't like is all of these things. Now, I don't want this video to turn into me reading YouTube's terms and conditions for 6 hours, but if you create AI related content, I'll link to some specific resources down below, cuz YouTube does have some rules. Beyond just AI content, though, there's a sense that YouTube has been a bit more heavy-handed recently when it comes to deleting channels. For example, cracking down on channels that make exaggerated claims, particularly in the finance or how to make money space. Now, I actually think this is a good thing. We're all sick of seeing those rampant. How to make a bajillion dollars a day uploading YouTube shorts with AI videos. But if you are creating content in niches like that, I would be more careful with the types of claims you're making cuz in 2026, I think YouTube strictness is going to continue. And last but not least, and I found this one pretty interesting actually. See, something I looked at when doing our study was how frequently creators talked about themselves. Use the word I. And if we look at this graph here, how frequently creators talked about themselves. I call this creator centric language. So how often you say me, my, I, etc. And if we look at this graph, it seems to suggest that talking about yourself is actually becoming more popular. Now, obviously, part of the reason this line's going up is cuz videos are getting longer in general as well. But I also think this could be a reaction to the wave of AI content we've seen. Maybe viewers are craving more personalized content, and you reminding them of the fact that you are a human just like them by referring to yourself a lot could be having an impact here. But speaking of things working in 2026, early in the video, I mentioned that the trend of copying videos is starting to dial. Definitely not completely, but I'm noticing it's becoming a little bit harder to succeed with straight up copycat content. And so, if you want to learn one of the strategies I'm using in 2026 that does rely on research, but also isn't about just straight up copying other people, click the video on screen. I'm going to walk you step by step through my research process so you can hopefully take it, apply it to your niche, and get a bunch more views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BD12 [1 likes]: honestly forget the algorithm, they're too busy just trying to make the actual website stop working just because I have Firefox and an adblocker.  Like, it just freezes for five seconds, comes back, does it again.  Stupidos.
  2. @diloflowshow [1 likes]: I know people say shorts are the best in the world but it actually hurt my channel more then helped i got so many views from shorts but when people watched my Long form did not even watch pass pass 2 or 3 minutes of all my videos which feels sad.
  3. @sfn-obsvr: Why watch one when in that time you can analyze a dozen videos at the same time with ai? There’s so little value in the unique or personality aspects of a video. Just extract content and move on. 

There’s always bob Ross if you want entertainment but 99% of the use is just content that doesn’t need to be watched by a human.
  4. @rubix5531: If you are so good at YouTube why dont your videos go viral?... think about it people.. 78k.. 3 weeks ago...
  5. @Rays_World_137: I just wanted to say I just oploaded as video that is 12:41 long and this video jsustpopped up...  🤦‍♂
  6. @con_doorman: This whole thing is the software battling against the human brain and winning. It's forcing creators to bypass whatever mental discipline their fellow humans have.
  7. @improvisinggamer2095: The point about talking about yourself is so true. 
Am just starting my channel and i uploaded I video talking about myself and for some reason it is doing better than the rest.
  8. @StoryDrop-o2o: Thanks I appreciate 🎉
  9. @TheForgottenFound: I have been making my videos longer, like over 20 mins. I am seeing my videos doing worse.
  10. @karozillareactor: Shorts are useless
  11. @ForGPAsSake: First thing I thought of when I clicked this video is shorts, I hate shorts but more specifically  I hate how youtube serves them, I cant get anything useful for them, its hard to search up actually useful content without getting bombarded by shorts even for topics where I vividly remember a banging long form video existing but is now burried behind shorts and the worst offender.... context and topic switching, if I typed a search into the search bar, what are my intentions youtube? Huh? You have bloody google for the same exact thing, if I searched pizza on google but it gave me lasange or cookie cutters for lord knows what reason we'd call that a failed search engine, why is it the case with shorts? Why must you ask me if id like to stay on topic? Ive deleted youtube from my mobile cause its so annoying and I onky have it on pc and tablet cause they just suck you in and its so detrimental to us the user but it doesnt matter to them because they only see money

Even instagram has started doing something similar and that whole "building your algorithm brick by brick thing" is dead, i have seperate accounts for different types of content and people I want to interact with but im getting content so unrelated to my account its like they are doing it deliberately as to force thenuser base to deliberately click not interested on topics the politcal system doesnt want you to view or know about, so many conspiracy theories, so many this and that, and thats fine on my casual account but on the account I use to specifcally interact with business personalities is just plain criminal, literally engineering behaviour to dislike content they want to censor but now they're making us through repetive action train ourselves to hate it
  12. @dddaddy: I've actually grown to like shorts - kinda. But they should be more separate in feeds.
  13. @CursedConservative: My main focus is always my long content but I clip shorts out of them as well. With that being said my shorts pop off for about an hour then poof nothing. The agorothim is clearly going through some massive changes at the time of this comment which is three weeks after this video which was when my videos were killing it. 😂 Point is I dont even think Youtube knows what the Algo is doing at this point.
  14. @AbunchOfRandomArt: Ironically, this video is around 10 minutes long. (I'm not disagreeing with what this guy said. I just find it funny in contrast to what the thumbnail said)
  15. @yeyemeta: Lost credibility when you showed "6 Top Live Games" and referred to them as "a huge long row of SHORTS" at 2:44
  16. @PhilipMurphyHQ: Shorter videos are for phones, longer videos are for TV screens and laptops
  17. @nobafan7515: 10:45 - "you won't believe."
  18. @BlackAnglican: I tend to watch shorter videos.
  19. @JonathanEBoyd: intertersting video . the editor was doing his thing 👌
  20. @PLANETWATERMELON: Wait a minute. Did you say to sh!t in your shorts”? 😂

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant match maker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well, then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure once you have that sample that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys, that's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys, that's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveen360 [1 likes]: Toda esta teoría se va al caño, cuando el mismo video lo publica otra persona y ahí si se viraliza.
  2. @MadikoMani [1 likes]: To All small creator's like me.. Good luck 🤞
  3. @simplpoints [1 likes]: If a video is pushed out by default to a sample of 200, why do videos than not get by default a view count of 200?
  4. @AetherFramesOfficial [1 likes]: Finally! A worthy vedio🫠🤝🏻✨
  5. @funnyannesunny [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:It's a difficult world even though I heard it well 감사합니다
  6. @gantavyaghagat [1 likes]: The spelling of matchmaking is wrong at 1:41
  7. @fruitopia_stories1: Thank you
  8. @Loopora3DCG: US audience support me ❤️
  9. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp
  10. @XSonify_yt: https://youtu.be/xYrKwUXdQLU?si=HuJAi0N9s60e5W8m
  11. @NebenbeiPassivPOD: great video !!!
Thank you for that !
  12. @THE_35_CUB: Best algo video so far
  13. @nijfilms: Thanks
  14. @1EnigmaTV: I’m in school all over again ✍🏾
  15. @Matchday38-v6t: This was so helpful
  16. @creeepyface: thanks will consider this info ❤
  17. @ThisOrThatTheoryy: Just started my own channel - good luck everyone!
  18. @ayoutubechannelthatfailed: Do these guys really listen to themselves?
  19. @DailyFixmemes: Anyone who likes memes can follow me❤
  20. @jona.laurel: Should I niche down?

- YouTubes New Algorithm Update Is KILLING Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Something huge has just happened on YouTube. And if you feel like your views have dropped recently, this is why. The platform just made its biggest change in decades, and everyone is panicking. So, in this video, I'm going to break down what this change is, what it means for you guys, and what you can do to pick your views back up again. Now, I recently shared a poll asking you guys if you liked AI content. And when I was reading what you were saying, this is a comment I saw. It said, "Dan, what are your thoughts on the September view drop? Vid IQ and Marcus Jones have been talking about it and a lot of other YouTubers, including me, experienced it, too." And to be honest, like this was the first time I'd heard of this, and I thought to myself, what is this guy actually on about? So, I clicked on Marx's profile and watched his video. And then I also clicked on Vid IQ's profile and watched their video, too. And I was like, "Wo, okay." Like, something big is actually happening here. But why is this the first time I was actually hearing about it? Because it's obviously very now apparent that there's been a huge change to the algorithm. And since September of last year, most people on YouTube have seen their views absolutely tank. So I went into my own analytics to check. So if I go in and change the dates from 1st of June 2025 to the 31st of December 2025, which is 6 months, this is what I get. Now, yes, I did have a big spike early back in June where a couple of my videos went viral, but overall, like my views have pretty much stayed the same. Like, there's no big September dip whatsoever here now. Like, I certainly hadn't been affected by it. You can see here there's no big dip at all. So, I thought I'd also ask some of my students in my course. Like, these guys follow my teachings and my advice, but they hadn't experienced it either. In fact, my students are still growing. This gaming channel here recently passed 700 subscribers. Sophie passed 500 subs back in December and Emma recently posted video got 42,000 views and got her up to the 4,000 watch hour requirement. So, I haven't been affected by it and nor of my students. And this piques my curiosity even more. I was thinking to myself, was this just sensationalism for these guys to get some cheap views? But surely not because I consider both markers and Vid IQ both my peers like surely they wouldn't create such clickbait on this scale. So, I decided to do my own research and I set up a poll for you guys. And to be fair, the results actually shocked me because a vast majority of you said that your views had dropped in September, too. And one thing that actually did stand out to me, though, was when I was watching Marcus and Vid IQ's videos was the fact that they both said the YouTube homepage had changed. And they're right. It has actually changed in a big big way. Now, normally the guys at YouTube get away with making these small little changes over time so that they go completely unnoticed, but this time the mask has slipped. Now, before I show you what my homepage actually looks like right now, let's actually like zoom out a bit and let's look at a typical homepage, what that looked like back in 2016, which are like the golden years of YouTube where growing a channel was much easier. So if I type into Google YouTube homepage 2016, this is what you'll see here. So look at this one. If I click on this, so this is a screenshot of a typical homepage back in 2016 on YouTube. And what you can see here, there is six videos on each row. And there's there's five different columns on here with rows of six different videos. So this means every single time you log on to YouTube for the first time and go to the homepage, you've got the choice as a viewer of 30 different videos to watch. And that means there's 30 different creators and 30 different videos on there. And there's so many different people competing for your attention, which means it's actually easier for you as a creator to have your video posted on there because there's so much space. There's so much like real estate for you to access. And all of these screenshots say the same thing. There's six different videos on all of these rows here. Now, you want to compare this to what YouTube looks like today, like January of 2026. This is what my homepage looks like. So, as you can see here, we've got one, two, three videos and then immediately goes to shorts. So, we've gone from having a page where you've got 30 different videos to choose from to free. This is 10% of what it was back in 2016, 10 years ago. And then below that, you've got shorts. So, a big row of shorts taking up all the space where other long form videos should have been. And then we've got another row of long form. So, three more videos. and then more shorts and then long form and then some more long form down here. So what this means is all of the prime real estate is getting taken up by shorts. Now what the even crazier thing is here if I type in let's say Sony A6700 the results will come up again the vast majority of them are shorts. So all of these shorts here and then you've got one video in search results. So you've l got one creator here getting their video right at the top and then you've got even more shorts. even more shorts buried in here too and a couple of long form videos. Now, this means it's much much harder for your videos to show up on the homepage and search results, like the two very places that have traditionally driven the vast majority of views on YouTube. So, we've gone from competing for like 12 different slots, to just three. And like, here's the obvious truth. All of these shorts you see here have replaced something, and that something is long form video competition. Now, this doesn't mean getting views on long form videos has completely stopped entirely. It just means they're being distributed to far fewer creators. Where views used to be spread across loads of different creators, they're now concentrated on just a handful, which makes competition much much tougher, especially if you don't know what you're doing. But what's actually happened here? Like, what actually explains this big dip and the change of the homepage? Now, at the end of the day, look, this is just another tweak to the algorithm. The most important thing to understand is that the algorithm is always evolving, and the engineers at YouTube are constantly changing it. Now, these changes aren't always perfect. Some of them genuinely suck, and this one definitely does suck for most creators. But YouTube isn't making these decisions in a vacuum. They're reacting to data, and more importantly, to how people in general consume content. Like everyone knows, YouTube is in direct competition with Tik Tok, Instagram, and every other platform fighting for your attention. So if they see people scrolling more or watching shorter content or spending more time in feeds, then YouTube will adapt the platform to suit that, even if it hurts other creators as a result. Now, hopefully this is just one of those changes that YouTube realizes was a mistake and hopefully like eventually reverses. But honestly, I don't think that's going to happen. This feels like the horrible direction YouTube is heading in. So, no, YouTube hasn't crashed, but it has changed. And changes like this are exactly why some creators continue to grow, whilst other creators will just get completely wiped out. And this is exactly why I built the YouTube Academy in the first place. So, when YouTube makes these huge changes, the way you create your videos matters even more than ever. Titles, thumbnails, ideas, all of it. Now, inside the YouTube Web Academy, I teach you exactly how to build your channel properly so things like this don't affect you like they've affected everyone else. Now, I'll link it down below. Otherwise, if you're not interested, that's fine. But do let me know down in the comments if you were affected and how you're affected and what's changed for you. Thank you very much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [44 likes]: Work with me here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @TintinGlobe-Trotter [4 likes]: Youtube is not TikTok.  Long form videos are what makes Youtube so special.  Stop killing long form creators.
  3. @BakerBootleg [3 likes]: Honestly sucks so much.  I’ve had friends who had footage online that passed away and it’s sad that those memories can’t be accessed I hope Google will work to fix this because the platform has become less entertaining.
  4. @PuppetShortFilms [1 likes]: I'm affected big time oh well still making videos, no give up. and it's intersting my Ranking by views

3 of 10

Views
88

Average percentage viewed
219.3%
  5. @Whitt6 [1 likes]: Hi mate I have a question for you 
YouTube have cancelled my channel 
Due to apparently saying it's about spam or a long them guide lines and I don't understand why because all my channel is about was posting videos of cars and all I was filming was the outside of the cars plus alot of the time I had permission is there any advice etc that you can give me that I can put in the appeal
  6. @Cat-Whisperer-2111 [1 likes]: They don't want to give up any of their big pie. Long-form videos are hidden, and already monetized channels are demonetized. This way, of course, they can make more money, and small creatives are exploited. Nowadays, it takes three years of study to understand the platform...
  7. @RT66Travel [1 likes]: Why keep going? It’s already difficult. If it’s harder, is there a point to keep going? Lots of people probably wonder?
  8. @NicksStrengthandPower: Over the last few weeks my views  have absolutely tanked suddenly despite the fact this is typically a peak time of year of me with big events. On average compared to my coverage of the exact same events last year I’m suddenly down 50-70% with no reason or explanation.
  9. @loveAustralia-mate: I will support small channels let's grow...
  10. @guilhermegdeavogtmannsberg3776: youtube is giving chance to grok, faccebook and instagram get the creators.
  11. @AnushBhise: Fact - Youtube hate small channels
  12. @ancientfishing: Youtube needs to go back to 2016 on desktop and tv, get rid of shorts on non-mobile platforms.
  13. @jacobsweeney2330: THEY ARE PUSHING SHORT CONTENT, WAY MORE.  
 LIKELY TRYING TO PROGRAM HUMANS NOT TO HAVE ANY ATTENTION SPAN, \
EASIER TO CONTROL THE POPULATIONS.
  14. @TruthPrincess: Thank you Dan, for explaining what is happening.  I have experienced in the last two weeks a sudden drop in views for a few days where my views are less than 10 per video compared to hundreds or even 1-2 thousand per video.  Then, it is as though Youtube gets the videos "unstuck" and I start to get views again on the most recent videos.  I am only posting shorts and have tried some AI Youtube video posts too.  The second time it happened, I just resigned myself to getting only a handful of views for each video, but decided to be OK with that since I could be faithfully posting for my subscribers.  Then in the last few hours my videos are starting to get views again!  We live in such strange times.  I don't know what to think.  I am not monetizing my channel and don't intend to, so I don't know if that has anything to do with my situation or not on Youtube.
  15. @metroidmaster88: As long as we ate greedy peoples we small ones goes hide in hole. Rich peoples like Donald Trump, Mark Zuccenbherg and Benjamin Netahau can break every single laws without risk goes to court room. We poor peoples no have same laws.
  16. @metroidmaster88: yes this did it always my videois 20 to zero. Youtube can kiss my ass. We really create this channel. I was first pesrson who post videos in tube 16 years ago.
  17. @QuizzerUknow: Nice, great time to have started a new channel😅. Let the grind begin!
  18. @intra9645: I hide shorts and never update. Best way to use YouTube.
  19. @matthijsfkra: ive noticed quality of yt recomends down too
  20. @SenseiFamilyJedi: Bro it's obnoxious as a viewer too. I was enjoying the algorithm for a couple years and suddenly it's recommending the wildest crap I have ZERO interest in and completely off topic from what I just watched, nothing like what I'm subscribed to our have a history of engaging with. It's awful. Like I've turned off Autoplay now and I'm forced to set up a que if I leave it on.

- How Small Channels Grow On YouTube Doing Less: Kind: captions Language: en Let's be honest for a moment. Being a small channel on YouTube can feel like it's absolutely exhausting. But it doesn't have to be that way. You're scripting videos at midnight and you're editing on your laptop until it sounds like a jet engine and you're still wondering why you're not getting any views. All of this effort and no reward. Sounds familiar, right? Let me know in the comments. On average, how long do you spend on your YouTube channel each week? And usually what happens at this point is that now that you've typed out that number and seen it in the flesh, you think to yourself, that's nowhere near enough. So if you are a small creator struggling on YouTube trying to make better videos in less time, this is a video for you. Because after years of studying creators, including myself, I've realized something. The same six rules that make people productive also make creators unstoppable. Here's the thing. Most creators don't fail on YouTube because they don't work hard enough. They fail because they work hard on the wrong things, get frustrated, and quit. Once you've been a YouTuber for 6 months and cranked out a dozen videos and learned the absolute basics of a platform, you don't just need to make more videos, you need to make the right ones. I often hear some insane things from small creators, such as making three shorts a day and five long form videos a week and outsourcing their thumbnail designs to their pet hamster. Look, creator, just stop for a second. Except the hamster thing. That sounds pretty funny, actually. You're not Mr. Beast yet. You're not a production company. You're a person with a camera and a dream. And that's all Jimmy was to begin with. In fact, I don't even think he had a camera. He just screen recorded all of his video games. The secret to YouTube, especially in your position as a small creator, is being comfortable doing less but doing it ruthlessly. So, pick one idea, one strong clickable idea that turns into a video for your target viewer that says to themselves, "That's for me." When you do that, it becomes your MIT, your most important task, and everything else can wait. So, don't start checking your click-through rate because it won't have changed. And if it has, it'll have changed by 0.2%. And don't start redesigning your channel banner for the seventh time this month. Put all of your focus into making this video the best one it can possibly be right now. And if you are struggling to focus, then give this YouTube a twist on a classic productivity hack. Make a do not list. Write down three things that waste your time most as a creator. Maybe it's watching other creators view counts and getting jealous even though there's literally nothing you can do about that. Maybe it's spending more than 2 hours finding the right royalty-free music that nobody's going to be able to hear under your voice over. Or maybe it's watching shorts to find inspiration only to discover you're doom scrolling for the next 7 hours. Those are your productivity black holes. If they're not directly helping your next video, then they don't deserve your time right now. Try to remember that the YouTube algorithm or the audience as we try and often translate it into doesn't care how busy you are. They only care about how valuable your content is. Anything that doesn't end up in a video is not their problem. It's your problem. Every YouTuber has a window, a tiny slice of a day when your creative brain is at its peak. It's when your environment is quiet and you're not being asked where somebody's socks are. This is your golden hour of the day. Although, let's be honest, for most small channels, it's a golden 22 1/2 minutes of a day, wedged in between work, dinner, and existential dread. But those minutes matter. Protect them like your YouTube dream depends on it, because it does. When that time arrives, treat it like an unmissable meeting. I know it does sound boring, but it does demand your attention. No phones, no notifications, no scrolling. Just you and the task that actually moves your channel forward. Scripting, editing, filming. You don't owe the YouTube algorithm or again the YouTube audience all of your time, but you do owe it your best creative time. And when you're in that zone, you're not just a hobbyist anymore. You're a professional. And I know nobody will see that yet, but it is really important to you. and over time you'll be able to demonstrate that. So if you only have a small window of YouTube opportunity, don't waste it on the easiest tasks. Do the hardest one first. If you hate being on camera, do that first. If you hate writing scripts, start typing. If you hate YouTube, yeah, I can't help you with that one. When you get the tough stuff done first, everything else feels a lot lighter. You're no longer in a state of paralysis thinking about the video. You're actually building it. When you do finish a tough and meaningful task first, that momentum can carry you through the rest of a session. And you don't have to follow the world's clock. You can follow your own. If your creative energy hits at midnight, own that. If it's early morning before work, protect it like gold. And be willing to make sacrifices, albeit small sacrifices in your day to be able to maximize those golden windows. And the more you're able to stick to that same slot, the more your brain starts to convince you that, oh, this is YouTube time. That is how good YouTube habits form and how you grow your channel. Let's face it, 80% of YouTube is repetition, scripting, filming, editing, thumbnail design, uploading, and so on. To be honest, there is as much process that goes into a video as creativity. As a result of that, the best creators aren't just creative, they're efficient. They've built systems for all of the small stuff so that they can focus on the big stuff. And here's several ways in how you can start to think and act along the same lines. First off, there is something called the 2minut rule. If you're not already deep into a task that you're focused on, if there is something that takes 2 minutes or less, do it now. Replying to comments, file management, optimizing your video description, don't bother putting that sort of stuff on a list. do it now. And I'm sure you've heard this one before already, but try to batch your work. Film multiple shorts in one sitting. Come up with 10 video ideas all at once and pick your favorite later. Record all of your voiceovers back to back to back. Every time you switch tasks, you switch contexts and that always slows everything down. So, if you batch things together, that gets your time back. This next one is somewhat linked to the first trick, but stop multitasking. You can't edit a video, reply to comments, and watch YouTube tutorials all at once. Focus on one thing at a time, finish it, and move on. And then automate what you can. I'll use this one simple example since it affects all of us as creators. But upload defaults in the YouTube studio. Set it up as a template and then adjust what you need to when you're uploading the videos. Or how about this one? Batch create seven community posts and then schedule them to go out one a day for the rest of a week. spend one afternoon doing a photo shoot of 100 different YouTuber faces for your thumbnails and then you can use them as templates whenever you start creating a thumbnail for your next video. What we're trying to do here is set up systems so your brain doesn't have to do the same thing over and over and over again. It's automatic and that ultimately means that you can do a lot less thinking and a whole lot more doing. One of the biggest reasons why creators just quit is because they can't see progress or they look at progress solely through the lens of YouTube, which can often feel like failure. Views seem to fluctuate. Subscribers come and go. One video goes viral and the next absolutely tanks in the first hour. But if you zoom out from the YouTube prism, progress is happening. You just need to know how to track it. So, at the end of every day, every week, maybe even every month, ask yourself the following things. What did I actually get done? What did I improve? What did I learn? Maybe the average views per video increased a little bit. Maybe you figured out how to trim down your video hooks from 30 seconds to 20 seconds, and there's more to be done there. Or maybe you finally figured out how to color correct your footage in Da Vinci Resolve so you don't look like a radioactive carrot. but also you're hearing more and more comments about how patchy your audio sounds on your most recent videos. Maybe you need to invest in a new microphone. All of this is progress or failures that quickly turn into learning opportunities. So celebrate them if you want it to be. YouTube can be an infinite game. There's no finish line and you never win. You just get a little bit better with every upload. It is progress over polish. So track it, measure it, and keep going. This next idea might sound a bit radical, but rest is part of the work. If you think grinding for 14 hours straight makes you a YouTuber, then congratulations. You're about to discover burnout hard. Professional athletes don't practice all day. They practice in focused bursts and then they rest and then they aim to peak their performance when it really matters. Your creativity can work in the same way. Short, but in 10 sessions followed by proper recovery. So instead of editing for 8 hours straight, when you do have the luxury of that time, maybe edit for 90 minutes and then take a 15-minute break. And when I say break, I don't mean scrolling through YouTube shorts. That's digital junk food. A real break means disconnecting from the creativity for a moment. So, go outside, move, talk to somebody who doesn't know what click-through rate means. I am absolutely positive that this has happened to you at some point during this YouTube journey so far. Some of your best video ideas have come to you when you've been doing something mundane, walking the dog, washing the dishes, watching television. And that's not random. That's your brain connecting ideas it couldn't when it was busy. So, rest isn't laziness. It's actually a strategy. Effort, recovery, effort, recovery. That is the rhythm of high performance and high creativity. All right, this is a big one and I've saved it until last because if you're this far into the video, it shows that you really care and that you're committed to your own YouTube success. And if there is a secret to YouTube success, it's this. Habits beat hustle. Everyone wants to go viral, but few want to go consistent. And yet most successful creators are very consistent. You don't need a viral video. You need reliable momentum because when you do show up every day or every week with the same energy, the same passion, the same standards, the same quality, the same values, or maybe just a little bit better of all of these than the last time you published a video, the algorithm or your audience starts to trust you. And maybe more importantly, you start to trust yourself. Look, you don't have to upload every single day or even every single week, but you should want to upload regularly because you just can't wait to make another video. Set a schedule you can sustain. If that does end up being one video every month, that's fine. Just make it a promise, keep it to yourself, and tell no one else. The algorithm loves patterns and humans love habits and YouTube rewards both in time. And if you do want an extra little mindset trick, apply this. Every action you take is a tick in the box of the creator you want to be. Published a video on YouTube, that's a tick. Edit a video when you didn't feel like it? Check. Scripted your next video idea instead of doom scrolling. Ping. Over time, all of those ticks become your YouTube identity. and you stop saying to yourself, I want to become a creator and start believing you are one. And that is where things really start to tick. It's where momentum reaches noticeable tangible velocity. So don't burn bright for a week and fade. Burn steady for a year and you'll thrive. So let's pull this all together. You want to become a better creator faster without losing your mind. Here's the road map. Do less ruthlessly. Protect your creative golden time. Systematize the small stuff. Track your progress every day or every week. Rest like it's part of your workflow. And stay consistent, not chaotic. This is how small creators become great ones. Not overnight, but over time. Less stress, less noise, more focus, more growth. And when you do finally master this balance, then your content gets better and your audience grows and more importantly you have enough energy to enjoy it. And if you are ready to embrace these new mindsets of thinking smarter about your YouTube journey, [music] then I think you as a small creator might also be ready for a brutal truth. I'll tell you what it is, why it's necessary, and how to overcome it over [music] here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [67 likes]: How do you disconnect from YouTube and find inspiration?
  2. @Tostadobread [1 likes]: Trying to improve a channel is so hard, I spend bout 1 hr for a 40 second footage. But I guess it’s part of the fun! :D
  3. @SMK2011 [1 likes]: Around 10-14 hours per week
  4. @RetepStuff [1 likes]: I don't have a camera I only have an IPAD
  5. @RetepStuff [1 likes]: About I dunno maybe 12 hours?
  6. @TheKnoxPhilosophy [1 likes]: "Not gonna spam, just genuinely love this space, and I'm also building my YouTube channel. Any support means everything 💙"
  7. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর সঠিক ❤❤❤❤
  8. @Profanswers: I spend around 12 hours on my channel and still no more than 100 subscribers. However, I feel it makes me happy.
  9. @RNeducationbyRNsir: Good night sir🙏🙏
Very nice information sir
I request to you 
Please sir solve my problem 
My live class is showing issue try again and end stream from 30 days 
I am very sad for growth
  10. @OnToReviews: Thanks again for yet another valuable video!
  11. @SilverMoments-1: I have 91% engagement and still less than 100 views
  12. @soulritualstudio: The hardest part is recording and getting in front of the camera. Still not there yet! 😅
  13. @Choppergames1: Thank you for all your advice I’m up to 395 subscribers and counting I just keep going one video at a time
  14. @TheQuietChapter789h: That's is discipline
  15. @PaulsVlogs42101: Don't go into YouTube trying to make money or for fame; you will be disappointed and broke. Do it for the love of creating content and mean it, you will be fine. If you don't, you will hate it.
  16. @lyonclanproductions7537: honestly everyone is different. for me im a workaholic so it doesnt really bother me to do the hard work. i just need to manage my time well and get on a schedule but for the most part i am able to post consistently twice a week. maybe having a more consistent schedule would make my videos more predictable which could give me more veiws. Thoughts on this?
  17. @IanGoesCiv: 0:18 Too damn much time and also  nowhere near enough time.... 

Perplexing dilemma here... Haha
  18. @JamesUntalan-s3o: I just spend a few minutes on most of my videos  but I em working on making some good videos
  19. @MaliDaviesPhotography: Nail on the head. I've too many plates and I've broken the kitchen.
  20. @rhythmoflife6767: Very useful suggestions❤

- The Secret Behind Channels that Grow FAST!: Kind: captions Language: en - I get a lot of questions from you guys. How do I grow faster? How do I get my channel to get more views, more subscribers, earn more money, more quickly. I think Youtube is some kind of scam because there's no way people legitimately get millions of people watching in less than a year and then most others barely get any views in multiple years. There's actually some very interesting data about the channels that grow very quickly. What they have in common and today I am gonna tell you guys what they are so you can do that on your channel. (electronic music) Hey guys, my name is Tim Schmoyer and welcome to video creators. This channel is all about helping you grow YouTube audience, so you can spread a message that reaches people and changes their lives and one of the things that I've been doing with a lot of these creators I've been working with lately is analyzing what are the common things that led to this person's growth and that person's growth and when I hear people talk about how to grow in 2018 and 2019 and things. (laughs) A lot of it's fine and helpful, but there's two things that we really need to consider when it comes to growing a YouTube channel and it really has very little to do with keyword research, or getting your tags correct, or properly optimize meta data, and things like that. It has more to do with the things that the algorithm's designed to respond to, which is the human elements of these videos. The first element is that these channels typically have very strong branding signals. Things that make it easy for people to love them. Now, have you ever watched a YouTube video that has millions of views and is just like, a terrible video and you're like: Why are people loving this content, Right? Or, why is it that a music band can go double platinum and sell out concert venues even though they are not really that great musicians, Right? There is plenty of other people in the world who are much better musicians than them. Why does the inferior product outsell the superior product? All those types of things and it's all the same answer. It's because the brand around that channel, or around that music band, or around that product, they've told a story and given the audience things that they need to latch on to in order to really love that brand. So a guy named Patrick Hanlon wrote a book called Primal Branding and he looks at all the top brands that developed cult-like followings and asked, "What made is easy for someone to be able to fall in love with this brand?" and went to follow to everything they create everything they do, everything they sell. Patrick says that there is seven elements to the primal code, and I have found that channels with millions of subscribers typically have four, five, six, sometimes all seven of those firing on all cylinders, tightly and deeply ingrained consistently into their content. They're things like: What's your back story? Who are you? Why should I like you/trust you/know you/follow you, right? It's things like: What do you believe? We need to know that. We need to know, like have rituals. Repeated interactions that we grow to love and expect with the brand. We need to know the people who are the haters. We need the haters, because if you're not standing for something no one can stand with you, right? So, there's a lot of really cool things that go into that. I highly recommend you read his book. I'll put a link in the description of this video that goes to a podcast episode I did that walks you through a more detail. Exactly what those things are. It's episode number 100. The video creators podcast that I do every Tuesday, so you can check that out. Link down there below that's gonna go into a lot more detail about this. The second thing, though, that I see consistently in these channels, is that they are doing very well on their audience retention graphs. Now, very well can mean a lot of different things for different people, but at the end of the day, here's the target that I think you should go for and I got this from my friend Jeremy over at J House Vlogs and ever since he mentioned it to me I'm like, oh yeah this seems to be a consistent theme, which is getting a 50 percent audience retention at the end of every video. Can half the people who click play on your video are they still around when that video ends and a couple things happens if you can start hitting this metric, from what I've found. One, is that you're getting a really good amount of watch time on your video and then two, you're getting people to the end and then the next step is to start optimizing the layout and the design and the call to actions of your end screen to get people to click and watch another video on those end screen elements and then as you start growing a library of content on your whole channel that does this people start watching one video, and then another video on your channel, and your whole channel starts getting a lift because of the watch time each of the videos are getting and how each video is contributing to a longer viewing session for the viewer, which YouTube really, really likes. There's a few elements that go into designing an end screen that is highly clickable, but one of the principles is that you've gotta get your viewers to that end screen and then wrap it up really fast, so that they click. Like, you can see here that there's another video for you to click. I'd love for you guys to go do that and really learn how to grow your YouTube audience and I would love to have you subscribe because it's all about helping you guys grow your YouTube audience, so you can spread a message that reaches people, and changes their lives. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pinaylostinlove [1 likes]: Someone said to me It's a scam. And people who succeed in yt are mostly work as an I.t ingeneer lol. But I won't give up haha worth trying..
  2. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Hi Tim,
Second time visiting your channel.  Thank you for sharing some knowledge on this topics. I took some notes. Have a great weekend. 😊 👍
  3. @aqwxo7573 [1 likes]: Wow I didn’t know that.
  4. @WFHEngineerIndonesia [1 likes]: great video
  5. @PINKCHOKATE [1 likes]: growing slowwwww ugh 🤦‍♀️ i’m putting in the work 😂
  6. @SuperstarPheon: 100
  7. @MrsBrown-qm4of: Great job 👍🏽
  8. @rameshkelkar4444: Sir, I have watched your 3 videos one after another. Your way of explaining is mind blowing. People like me who are struggling to get their channels grow, will find this very helpful and authentic. Just one request to you Sir, if you can go little slow in your speech. I could not cope up with it. Finally in the third video I selected the playback speed to 75%. Just because of  subtitles that go along with your video I could understand what you say. Any way, many thanks for your video. I have subscribed Sir.
  9. @logicbang: All of us want to grow sure thing it is a difficult task
  10. @SamaptiExplores: Hi someone told me may be I got shadowban in my channel but I canot understand or not getting any problm  obviously there is very less views..please can you suggest me how can I handle this
  11. @CashTheTrash: He juked me into clicking this video
  12. @filmhackYT: Hey, great tips. Your end screen book link is taking your viewers to a 404 error page. Just figured you would like to know.
  13. @MotifMusicStudios: Great information! Really appreciated!
  14. @JanRayStudio: thanks man. 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  15. @inception7k: loo
  16. @athleticsmove5790: Nice share as always👍
  17. @jpfitness_: Where can I get that outro overlay?
  18. @KZanimations6000: ok
  19. @atomicprogramming4421: Watching in 2021
  20. @nyo2radja: I  just "use my illussion" by GnR album

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not gonna lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your smaller YouTube channel, that might be because it actually is. But there is also a simple way that you can address this. We wanted to find the ultimate answer to why channels feel like they get stuck in the land of no views. So we went straight to the source - Oh my gosh, the algorithm changed. I'm not getting as many views. - That's Todd. He works at YouTube, and he knows the YouTube algorithm like the back of his hand. He's also you know, friends with Mr. Beast. So if there's anybody that knows how to get on the good side of the YouTube algorithm, it's gonna be Todd. Todd actually gave us five YouTube insights that you're not gonna hear on any other YouTube algorithm video. It was his last tip that especially threw me off. So trust me here. Watch these tips and watch them in order if you want your small channel to turn into a big one. Choose to ignore these tips, and the YouTube algorithm may just keep ignoring you. So let's get into it. Here's what creators have gotten wrong about the YouTube algorithm. - The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. "Oh, well, I make a video, and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. - So in other words, it's the YouTube viewer that actually gets to summon the YouTube algorithm. But if that's the case, how can you as a creator make sure that your video is the one to show up? We use the watch history as probably the most important signal that we know about a viewer to figure out what they might wanna watch next. - And here we're actually getting a little bit closer to that answer. It is watch history that you need to be worried about. If you want your videos to be pulled by the YouTube algorithm, then you need to get into somebody's watch history. And as we know, that's easier said than done. Now, if you already have a few subscribers, there's a good chance that they are the ones to watch your videos, and therefore you end up in there watch history. But what if you're starting at zero, and the algorithm has no idea who best to pair your videos with in the first place? - When we have absolutely no behavioral data, we're going to probably rely more on the metadata, the data that we have in terms of the title and the description, and I would say search is probably the first place for fresh videos. You upload a brand new video around Minecraft. We're going to consider that video when somebody searches for Minecraft based on the title and description. - Okay, so this is helpful. YouTube search your title and your description, and these are things you could be focused on to start bringing in those new viewers when you're starting from zero. But maybe you feel like you're already doing this and yet you're still struggling. What else could possibly be wrong? Todd had an answer to that too. - I would discourage creators from trying to like compete in the most competitive spaces in the world. And so rather than go after like, the Minecraft query for example, you might wanna find a niche that isn't already being served by a million other videos. Spend time looking at what viewers see, and see where can you produce the best video That's gonna be better than what's already there because that's where the opportunity is. - I love it that an employee at YouTube is calling a spade of spade here. YouTube is inherently a competitive space. At the end of the day, your success on YouTube is gonna depend on you making videos that stack up against the competition you have. And it would be so nice if our high-quality videos that we make could compete in any niche on YouTube, but that's just not how it works. And so as a creator, you need to be really thoughtful and strategic about which niche on YouTube you decide to enter into. But there was something else that Todd said that caught me completely by surprise. - I wouldn't rely entirely on YouTube as the only way to drive attention to your content. Identifying other places where your content might be relevant. It could be everything from Facebook groups, Discord servers, Twitter, et cetera. Seed your video in places where you are going to get some watch history, and kickstart that signal. - Todd is debunking a huge myth here. Contrary to popular belief, You actually should be promoting your small videos on other platforms outside of YouTube. Now, obviously that doesn't mean you should go around to every subreddit, and Discord server you find, and just spam your video links all over the place. Relevance is gonna be key here. You wanna go to the places where your community is hanging out, and you wanna provide videos and maybe clips from your videos that can help them perhaps with a problem they're having. And if you choose to disregard that last bit of advice, then I would highly caution you here because you could end up paying for it. YouTube's not exactly once again, going to know who to pair it with. So really, be thoughtful when you're sharing your content outside the platform. Crap, I gotta work. I have like three more paragraphs. Don't buy cats. If you wanna be a YouTuber, that's the real advice. Don't do it. And for those of you who aren't really keen on the idea of sharing your videos outside of YouTube and doing all that legwork, don't worry this isn't something you necessarily have to do forever. You're just doing this at the beginning of your journey to give the algorithm a little bit of a nudge in the right direction. Once you get a bunch of people that have your videos in their watch history, and they're your ideal viewers, the YouTube algorithm can step in, and do the rest. - Now these are all valid strategies, but one strategy I wouldn't recommend is chasing

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [234 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @requiem07rl [2 likes]: How to grow your YT channel quickly
Step 1: Check watch histories
Step 2. Post on places other than YT
Step 3 : Don't buy a cat
  3. @mohammed.almansi [1 likes]: I am a new channel. I like this video.❤
  4. @SirCundleBerryGaming [1 likes]: Nope im giving up. Youtube sucks only the most moronic careless videos get the most attention. Fk this app fr
  5. @QuietPawsMedia [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @LostHistoryArchive [1 likes]: Leaving this here to hopefully get some likes and keep me moving! 😂🎉
  7. @DopamineDrill-p5j: I love how short and detailed your videos are🙂
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @HorizonHostel: Thank for 429 subscriber
  10. @artlessonsvideo: thanks sir.
  11. @Paleo-Noel-Z-Workshop-s4p: Nahhh it's hard I'm still hate Lower views because is too unlucky 😢
  12. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you, this is helpful
  13. @Linuuyrr: Help me guys i love to start streaming please ☘🥺
  14. @ashprokingmusic: This is really helpful. Thanks, @vidIQ!
  15. @IILMLAB: @MrTubemaster
  16. @BibleStudy_online: 🥰🥰🥰
  17. @Conalgrblx: To be honest the my tip is keep posting and keep believing
  18. @Molierestates: Trying to grow my real estate channel in 2026! Best of luck to everyone trying to kickstart there channel! 🙏
  19. @autolapeus: YouTubers let group together here dont give up🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @LamechChosen: This idea was best for my channel getting 2000 views in one hour

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I want to show you how I went from getting less views than a Minecraft let's player to now the algorithm literally sending me 1 to 2,000 views every single hour. And in turn, that blew up my subs, helped make a bunch of money, help me monetize not just this channel, but a bunch of different channels as well. Some of them with literally one video. So, let's go through this step by step. Step number one is we need to figure out why the algorithm isn't promoting your channel. Now, most people think that the algorithm just hates them. But there's a way to actually go into your analytics and verify whether it is the algorithm hates you or whether there's a deeper problem at play. So, just come to your YouTube studio, and this is just like a random example channel I have. Then come down to content, and then in content, come to whatever video you think the algorithm hates. Let's say this one's been up for over 2 years and only got 30 views in that period of time. Then go to analytics by hovering over this button here. Last, we're going to go across to this reach tab. And what we're going to look at is this number here, impressions. Cuz impressions essentially tells us how many times the algorithm has promoted our video. And in the case of this video, you can see here, even though we've only got 29 views, the algorithm has actually promoted our video 400 times. The problem is our video just actually isn't enticing enough to viewers. If we come and look at the retention of this video, I go to overview and come down here. By the time the video reaches the 10-second mark, over 50% of viewers have left the video. And so the issue here is like what Mr. Beast said, the algorithm didn't like that video. No, the audience didn't like that video. It's just that the data is showing us here that the video isn't resonating or clicking very well with viewers. And this is going to be some tough love here. It's going to make a bunch of you leave. But a lot of you, if you actually were honest with yourselves and went into your analytics and had a looked at them, the majority of you would have this exact same problem here. And that's totally okay. I'll show you how to fix that in this video. It's actually easier than you would think. But really quickly, I know there's going to be a bunch of you in the comments and rightly so being like, "But Marcus, my content is good. I get great feedback on it from viewers. I get great feedback on it from my friends and family. And I think here's what I would say to you. It's not necessarily that your video is objectively bad cuz it's not about whether or not your video is good or bad. It's about whether or not your video is better than the alternative options viewers have to choose from. So, for example, if you look at this video, it's like a how to make a simple Minecraft lightsaber. Look at the title and thumbnail of this video. Now, if we just go to YouTube and type in how to make a Minecraft lightsaber, look at some of the other options that show up. There's this video here. There's this video here. There's this video here. And without even watching these, just from looking at the titles and thumbnails, these videos are so much more enticing, which explains why this video has been promoted to over 400 people. And yet, not very many of them resonated with it, and so the video didn't get much love from the algorithm. So, I want to show you one of my favorite ways to create great videos in any niche that get a ton of views, even if you don't have the same amount of time and money to invest into your content as maybe some of your competitors. In fact, I've used this process to single-handedly blow up videos in niches with other YouTubers that are literally full-time, have like 10 plus man teams, and hundreds of thousands of dollar budgets. And it takes you like one weekend to do. You've just got to work smarter, not harder. And so, that leads us to step two. What we need to do is come to YouTube and start typing in what I call umbrella terms that are related to your niche. So, let's say, for example, you run a how to make money online channel. Umbrella terms for that niche would be like make money. And when you type that in, a bunch of videos are going to show up. But more importantly, we're going to look at the channels. So, I'm going to hold down control on my keyboard and just open up all these different videos. And you would go through and do this to all of the videos that show up. I'm just going to do it to these ones for now. And then what I'm going to do to every single one of these channels is subscribe to all of these. And then what I'm going to do is on these videos, I'm going to go down to the recommended videos here. And there's going to be a bunch of other videos from other channels. And I'm also going to open up these and do the exact same thing. I'm going to go to this one. Hit subscribe. This one. Subscribe. So, I'm going to subscribe to all of these. And basically, what we're trying to do here is you're trying to build out a list of all of the players or competitors in your niche. So, for me, on this channel, for example, I have a list of over 300 channels posting how to grow on YouTube related content. And this will probably take you a couple of hours to do, which will be super boring, but I promise you it'll be worth it. If you stick around, you'll see why. A few moments later. And now that I have these channels in my niche, what I'm going to do is an analysis of all of them to figure out what's making them successful. And there's a very specific way I do this. So what I'll do is I'll come to this website veo.co. And you can do what I'm about to show you completely for free. It's just Velio saves a bunch of time, makes it easier. So for the sake of this video, I'll show you that. And once you're logged in, what you're going to do is come down to saved channels and then come over to create list and create a channel list and just title it whatever the name of your niche is. So I might do like make money channels. Hit save and that's going to create a list that I can then click into. And then what I'm going to do is come to add channel. I'm going to add all the different channels I found inside of the make money niche. So for example, I found this one. I'm just going to copy the link. Just paste this in here. Hit track channel. And what you'll see is it's going to populate all the videos from this channel inside of this channel list. Now, let's do this to this channel for example. So I'm going to copy this link, add this channel, track it, and then we'll grab the videos from this channel and chuck them into the list as well. Do the same thing with this channel. Chuck this in here. You can see now videos from this channel are showing up in here as well. And basically, you're going to go through every single channel that you found in your niche, which I know is going to be a pain, but you only have to do this once, and just add them into your tracked channel list. Now, I've already done this to save a bit of time earlier into this business/makemoney online channels. I think I've got about 150 different channels with all of their videos loaded inside here. And now, we'll do an analysis of these channels to figure out what is getting them views. because once we have that information, we can use that to help get views for our own channel regardless of how small it is. So, what I like to do is come into filters here, this button here. I like to come down to multiplier and set this to 2.5. I like to come to duration here and bring that up to at least like 5 minutes or so. And then what I like to do is come to custom and set a date range to filter out any videos that got a lot of views, but they were posted a really long time ago. Now, as for the date range that you should set, this really depends on how your niche works. So, if you're in a niche that's evolving very quickly and there's constantly new trends and things that used to get views, say like a year ago, now get like no views, then you want to set a small date range like maybe last 180 days or last 365 days because we only want to run our analysis over videos that were posted recently so we can exclude all those videos that blew up because of old trends. But if you're in a more evergreen niche, so like the make money space, sure there's been blips like AI became a thing and then there was crypto and NFTTS and whatever. But in general, people still just want to get rich and make money passively, right? So I'm going to go custom. I'm going to go back about 3 years and then I'm going to click on this calendar and I'm going to go back to 2024. Go back to like August and today and then hit apply. And now Value is going to load up all of the videos from the channels tracked in this list that meet the criteria we just set. But we'll do one last thing. We're going to go to sort over here. Sort by views and then sort by most views to least views. And this is going to order our videos in order of ones getting most views to the least views. And now we can see the most successful videos from all these channels in one place. But before I show you how to do our analysis, I want to do one more thing. And that is sometimes channels will post videos on different topics that aren't relevant to our niche. So for example, we can see Ali Abdal, he does post videos on making money online here, but he also posts videos on his skincare routine, right? We don't care about skincare videos. So what I'm going to do is note down skin care as a negative keyword. So I'm going to go into my filters, then click on advanced filters. So I'm going to come down to exclude keywords. I'm just going to put like skin care, right? And hit apply. And now we can see that skincare video from Ali Abdal got removed. Now, I can see that there are a couple of other videos in here, like this desexualizing your brain one or understanding English one. So, I'm just going to go through here really quickly and add some negative keywords that will get rid of these. Cool. Let me add them in. Apply. And now I have a list of just videos that meet the make money online criteria that I want. And here's where we do the analysis. So, what we're going to look for is topics. So, the ideas intrinsically baked in to these videos that have all done really well. and we're going to make a list of highly successful topics within this niche. Let me give you some examples. What I can see here is nine passive income ideas. How I make 27K per month from Ali Abdal. This video almost has 14 million views posted 3 years ago. It is the most successful make money online video in the world in the last 3 years based on the list of creators I've found. So, what I might take from this is passive income is something people are very interested in. And what I want to try and do now is verify that by seeing other videos that have been successful talking about passive income. So I could do that by coming to search here and just typing in passive. And look at all these videos that are showing up. We've got our original one here. We've got this one, how to make money selling books with passive income. This one, seven passive income ideas. This one, passive income. This one, passive income, passive income. And what's more importantly is we can see this outlier score here on these videos, which shows us how much of an outlier or breakout video this is. And all of these videos that we're seeing that have passive income in them, they all have positive or high outlier scores. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to come to like a Google doc or something and I'm just going to write down passive income. Now, let's get rid of our passive income search. Get rid of this concept and let's see if we can find a couple more breakout topics and then we'll do some pretty cool stuff to them in a sec. I'll show you how you can use them to get a bunch more love from the algorithm on your channel. So, if I scroll through this a bit more and I might just bring this out like this so I can just see more videos in the same topic. I can see another sort of trend that's pretty interesting. So, meet the billionaire that works a normal job. Asking millionaires how to make a million dollars. How much money Mr. Beast makes. How I went from 500 to half a billion in 5 years. Asking 80-year-old millionaires if it was worth it. Long story short, another topic seems to be interviewing rich people and teasing out their knowledge. So, I'm going to mark that down as a topic. And let's just get a couple more here. See, another thing that's kind of interesting, if I zoom in here on the titles a bit, I can see another thing. Notice this. Do this to make $10,000 as a student. Here's another one. Seven principles for teenagers to make money. How teenagers can make money. 19-year-old starts a trucking business. So, what I can do is I'll write down that as a topic here. Now, I'm going to go through and find a few more topics. And if you're following along with this tutorial, you should do the exact same thing. Try and find all of the key topics specifically among the top videos across your entire niche. A lot of people look for topics that did kind of well. That's not good enough. We need to find topics across videos that are literally the most successful videos in the world in this particular niche, which is what we've done here with Velo. And if you're doing this manually, you're just going to go through the list of all the competitor channels you found. Then just go to their videos tab and go to most popular and look at the most popular videos that were posted in the time frames you decide. Then take all their top videos and log them in a spreadsheet with their stats. Then sort and manually apply the filters I talked about earlier and look for patterns. And again, you want to do this across all of the channels that have posted successful videos in your niche. A lot of people get lazy here and just do this to 10 or 20 channels. No, you want to do this to everyone because that's how you're going to find the actual goal. So, I've done a little bit more analysis here and I found a couple of topics that have multiple real case studies of working across our niche. And this information is really useful, but even people who get to this stage tend to not get views if they don't do the next step I'm going to talk about. See, what you're going to want to do is if you're on Velo, come to the research tab. If you're on YouTube, just go to like YouTube search. Just going to get rid of my filters here. And I'm going to come up to filters again here. I'm going to change my search precision to balanced. I'm going to go to views and I'm going to select 600,000. I'm going to go to video duration and set that around 5 minutes as well. And then I'm going to go to advanced filters and then select the view sub ratio. So what this is is this is a number that represents how many views the video got in relation to that channel subscriber count. So, let's say we have a channel that has 10,000 subscribers, but they post a video that gets 50,000 views. 50,000 is 5 times 10,000. So, what I like to do is I like to set my views to sub ratio to five. Then, I'm going to hit apply. And we're going to have a bunch of videos that pop up across YouTube that meet the criteria we just set. And what we're going to do here is look for formats of videos that are doing really well at the moment. So, for example, like 10 years ago, top 10 videos were a format that worked really well. was top 10 movies, top 10 songs, top 10 this, top 10 that. Also, a long time ago, tips and tricks videos did really well, often combined with top 10. So, it' be like top 10 tips and tricks to do XY Z, 30 tips and tricks to do blah blah blah. So, tips and tricks were also a format. Now, those two formats have been done to death right now, so they don't work that well. But what we're going to do now is try and find some new formats that are working at the moment, and then we're going to use those formats with the topics we found earlier to make some viral video ideas, which we'll get into more later in the video. So already there are a bunch of cool formats that have shown up in here. Here's one that jumps out to me. What's the hardest part of life in Germany? And the reason I say this is a format because there's a variable here that could be switched out that would allow us to completely remake this video while keeping the same format. So in this case, the variable is life in Germany. And I say that's a variable because I could take this title and just swap out life in Germany for something completely different and the video would still make sense. So, for example, one of the topics I found when I was going through our videos earlier was investing. So, you could take a video like this and be like, "What's the hardest part of investing?" Or, "What's the hardest part of making money as a student?" Anyway, this isn't really the best example of a format I'd look for, but it's good enough that I do want to save it just in case for later. So, what I'll do is I'll hit this little box here and then I'll click here into manage folders and I'm going to select to create a folder and then I'm just going to call this like /make money video formats and hit save changes and we can see our business/make money formats folder pops up here. I'm going to select that and I can add some tags to this video as well if I want to organize it further. The only thing I really care about in this video is the title and idea. So, I'm just going to get rid of my thumbnail tag. And what I can do also up here is click add note and I can write down my inspiration for this video. So I could be like so what's the hardest part of investing/p passive income whatever right I'm going to hit save video. And what's going to happen now is if I go to my saved videos folder and I come to my make money/ business formats folder that we just created. You can see this video is saved there for later. But anyway, we're going to go back to our research tab because I like to do an extra thing to help us get even better formats quicker. And that is there are certain key terms that a lot of interesting formulas have in common or are related to. And I'll put a bunch of them on screen right now for you to copy that you can enter into the search bar here and find some really cool stuff and save a bunch of time. And one of my favorite ones for education channels is the how I learned terms. And I'm just going to hit search on that. And now we can see a bunch of interesting videos show up. And these ones are actually a lot better than the ones we were just going through. A couple that immediately jump out to me are this one. So, it's how I learned English by myself in a lazy way. The variables are English and polygon. Cuz what I could do is I could take this tile and I could be like how I learned investing by myself in a lazy way without studying. And then I could change this to advice from a multi-millionaire if I was going for the investing topic. Or I could do something like how I created a multi-million dollar business by myself in a lazy way without studying advice from a 17-year-old if we were trying to go for the how to make money as a student/teer topic we identified. So, this one's really cool. I'm going to save this. Now, there are so many ideas here. Like, I could literally be doing this for hours, and you probably should be doing this for hours to find the best cream of the crop. But for me, I'm just going to do a couple more so we can move on to the next part of the video. This one here is very cool. 5 years of coding, everything I've learned. Take any variable we found earlier. 5 years of passive income, everything I've learned. Five years of investing, everything I've learned. 5 years of online business, everything I've learned. Save that. Again, just taking the variables and swapping them for what's going to be relevant to the proven topics we found here. And here's one last cool idea here. I met 94 billionaires. Here's six things I learned. But again, if we look at our topics here, this video actually hits on one of the topics we identified, which is this one. But we could add another angle to this with the student/ teenager topic we identified. So we could do something like I met 94 teenaged millionaires. Here are the six things I learned. Great video idea should definitely be saved. And you can see there are a ton of really interesting formats I could find here that I can just keep scrolling through. If you're in a niche where you find a little bit difficult though to find certain formats, what you can do is when you do find a format that's applicable to you, let's just say like this one. I can click on these three dots and then go view similar videos. And as you can see, it's now going to show me a bunch of videos that are very similar to the types of formats I'm looking for. And then you can do exactly what I just showed you. And then just save them to your folder. And then once you do that, the last step is just go to your save video folder. This is the one that we were just working on here, but you can see there aren't many videos in it. So I'm just going to go to one I prepared earlier. So go to that save video folder and just come down to sort. And you're going to sort by, you guessed it, the ones that have the most views. And then also you're going to have a look at your list of topics and you're going to start at the top of the topic that you found was most common across successful videos when you're researching your niche. And you're just going to mix and match your way because they're the most likely to do well and just create those videos for your channel. And I know that might sound overly simple, but let me show you an example to prove that this actually works. So I was doing this exact same process I was just showing you a while ago. And I identified that in my niche, Mr. Beast was a trending topic. Even if you go to my save channel folder here for YouTube education and let's just site Mr. Beast, what you can see Mr. Beast video, 500,000 subs, 4 million views, 11x outlier, another Mr. Beast video here, Mr. Beast video, Mr. Be again, Mr. Beast was a massive trending dude. But the thing was just making a Mr. Beast video wasn't going to be good enough. So, I found a format from another niche. And it was actually this video here, Tom Holland being a meme for 4 minutes straight. Really great format cuz look, 10 million views from 123,000 subs. And so I took those topics and formats, swapped out the variables, and fused them together. And that is this video right here. As you can see, got over 5 million views and 16,000 subscribers. It's generating me almost 2,000 views every 48 hours. And in case you're wondering, "Oh, but Marcus, your channel was big when you posted this video." No, that's not the reason this video worked. If we come into reach and then we go to browse features, you can see here that 90% of these views are coming from the algorithm promoting me. Another 5% are coming from YouTube search. Another coming from suggested videos. I have to go all the way down here. If we look at the amount of views that I got in the beginning from like people being sent notifications of my video, it was literally like 240 views. So, we went from 240 views to almost 5 million just by following the process I just showed you. And this process works so well because most people are too lazy to do everything I just showed you. It takes work. It is freaking boring and it's not going to work 100% of the time. You might make one, two, three videos and they don't hit. But eventually, if you keep doing this consistently, one of your videos will hit. they will blow up and literally one video blowing up can change your entire life. So, as mentioned, you can do everything I just showed you for free just literally by like subscribing to channels, manually checking them out, using YouTube search, etc. But I found that to be a huge pain in the ass when you're researching hundreds of channels. Also, using YouTube search to find formats kind of painful cuz you don't have the filters and stuff. And so, that's why I made Valo. Velio launched this month. And to celebrate that, you can use code launch to try Velio for an entire month for just $1. On top of that, everyone who signs up to video within seven days of this video being posted, I will give you my viral video swipe file, which basically has a list of around hundred different formats that I've already pre-ressearched for you. And it doesn't matter what niche you're in. You can just take some of these formats, apply them to the winning topics you've found in your niche, and start getting a hell of a lot more love from the algorithm. So, you can check out with a link down below. But if for some reason you're not ready for that, you don't trust me, which is reasonable, I'm just some random Australian man screaming at you on the internet, there's a video on screen you could watch where I'll show you another way to make viral videos, even if you have a very small channel or starting from zero.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marcus-Jones [460 likes]: Hope this helps you guys. As mentioned, you can follow this method for free but Velio makes things a lot easier. Get your first month for $1 with code "LAUNCH": https://link.velio.co/launch
  2. @Yourbuddyjamsheed [2 likes]: Come on small channels this our year! Stay blessed and stay focused
  3. @EpicRiseChronicle [1 likes]: To everyone who is reading this and hasn’t been monetized, I hope you become successful with your channel. Trust the process and never give up! We will get there!
  4. @RobotGrabass [1 likes]: it's not free. velio.
  5. @thekapilunfiltered: Wish everyone success
  6. @thekapilunfiltered: Just started....
  7. @1EnigmaTV: “There are no microwaves in Gods kitchen only crockpots”
  8. @cannatastico: This is autisticaly depressing
  9. @cannatastico: God,   I hate having to even think about having to do this for the algorithm.   It sucks
  10. @ReelVaultTV: HAS ANYBODY DONE THESE STEPS BEFORE I WATCH ANYMORE OF THIS VIDEO CAUSE HES CONSTANTLY HOOKING TO KEEP YOU WATCHING LONGER AND I NEED TO KNOW IF THIS HAS WORKED FOR ANYONE MAY 17 2026
  11. @NewsflashYQL: I just started Monday and do street content with the concept of who are the people in your neighbourhood. I have the support of the community and just ask 3 quick questions and its growing. Check it out if you wanna see what a can do attitude can make, took me until near 40yrs old to play to my natural gift of the gab and I am having a blast!
  12. @RollingWithItPodcast: If you love what you do, you never work a day in your life! Disability awareness is one thing that the world needs more of!
  13. @tonyr6365: Jesus is the Son of God who came in the flesh and was born of a virgin woman who conceived by God about 2026 years ago. God is Love. God is Good. God created the heavens and the earth and everything in them. Jesus obeyed God and did nothing wrong. Jesus did no violence and there was no deception found in His mouth. Jesus casts out demons, raises people from the dead and heals people. Jesus was crucified and died so we could be saved. Jesus was crucified and died on a wooden cross to break the curse of the Law. Jesus died so that we could have eternal life. Jesus's blood was shed so that we could be forgiven. Jesus is innocent and righteous which allows us to be forgiven. Jesus was scourged so that by His stripes we could be healed. Jesus's body was buried in a tomb. Jesus said that He would die and come back...

...to life. God resurrected Jesus to Life on the third day. Jesus left the tomb Jesus was seen alive by Peter, the twelve, over 500 brethren at once, James, all the apostles and Paul. Jesus was seen alive by Mary Magdalene and other women. For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son so that anyone who believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life. Any one who calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved. Jesus Christ is Lord. Jesus said, "No greater love has one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends. If we confess our sins God is faithful and just to forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteous. Read Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts and Romans in the New Testament of the Bible to find out more about Jesus. God loves everyone. God does not want anyone to perish. Don't risk hell. Ask Jesus to save you.
  14. @PsychePortalOfficial: This video title idea is from vidiq
  15. @AngelGarciasxt: Doing it because I totally love it even tho I would love to see some subscribers every now and then but that’s not the goal !
  16. @jsonelizondo: Interview Rick Fucks xD
  17. @TheYssania: Lost me halfway thru. I'm just gonna keep being me and sharing. I do incorporate tips but this is a lot of me. I already have a lot to learn. Appreciate the video tho, maybe I'll come back to it one day
  18. @FishTank420: It works! now here is how i make $$$ 19:00
  19. @Blackcode-Crime: Cool
  20. @VelionMC: That makes alot of sense, thanks :)

- The 5 Stages of Burnout [How To Recognize Them]: Kind: captions Language: en Burnout is your reaction to prolonged&nbsp; stress that leads to mental fatigue,&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional apathy, and physical exhaustion.&nbsp; While most people think of burnout as&nbsp;&nbsp; a result of too much work, it can&nbsp; also get to us outside the office. The phenomenon often unfolds in 5 stages and&nbsp; can push healthcare professionals, teachers,&nbsp;&nbsp; new parents, people with chronic conditions, and&nbsp; anyone who bites off more than they can chew,&nbsp;&nbsp; to the brink of breakdown. It&nbsp; can present itself as follows. First, the honeymoon. You feel happy, motivated,&nbsp;&nbsp; and excited about your new challenge and as&nbsp; a result, take on a lot of responsibilities. Then there is the onset of stress. The&nbsp; initial enthusiasm gets tempered by the&nbsp;&nbsp; realities of your daily routine.&nbsp; You first start feeling tired and&nbsp;&nbsp; then anxious about not being able to&nbsp; handle everything you signed up for. Slowly signs of stress begin to surface, and you&nbsp; may develop a negative tunnel vision. Your limited&nbsp;&nbsp; capacity to pay attention to other things&nbsp; in life can lead to feelings of loneliness. Chronic stress becomes your constant&nbsp; companion and even tiny new tasks&nbsp;&nbsp; can set you off in a spiral of either&nbsp; anxiety or rage. Life may now simply&nbsp;&nbsp; feel unfair and a setback can feel like&nbsp; a personal attack or a deep injustice. Eventually, you are just exhausted&nbsp; or develop psychosomatic symptoms,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as migraines or body aches. In your free&nbsp; time, you may now just want to shut down. When you eventually burnout, apathy can take&nbsp; over—in defense against chronic stress your brain&nbsp;&nbsp; just stops caring. This is why your productivity&nbsp; plummets and you may become negative or cynical. Chronic headaches, insomnia,&nbsp; complete neglect of your own needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the desire to just "drop out" can&nbsp; become part of your daily routine. You reach habitual burnout, when this stressful&nbsp; state becomes your new normal and you experience&nbsp;&nbsp; constant cognitive fatigue, physical problems, or&nbsp; a mood that alternates between apathy and anger. Eventually, you may feel trapped in a&nbsp; vicious cycle of despair—with no way out. A&nbsp;&nbsp; diagnosis of major depression may be the first&nbsp; turning point towards your path to recovery. To fully heal from burnout can take months or&nbsp; even years. This is why recognizing symptoms&nbsp;&nbsp; early on is important. Because then we can&nbsp; distance ourselves from the main stressor,&nbsp;&nbsp; create enough “me” time to cool down, and do&nbsp; whatever is necessary before it's too late. The psychologist Herbert Freudenberger&nbsp; who coined the term, originally described&nbsp;&nbsp; the phenomenon as unfolding in 12 stages,&nbsp; but over time they were simplified to just&nbsp;&nbsp; five. He defined burnout as “fatigue that&nbsp; comes from caring too much, for too long”. What about you? Have you ever experienced&nbsp; any of the stages described in the video?&nbsp;&nbsp; If so, how did you recognize them&nbsp; and what did you do to overcome&nbsp;&nbsp; burnout? Please share your thoughts&nbsp; and strategies in the comments below. We relentlessly researched education for the&nbsp; past decade, read plenty of peer-reviewed papers,&nbsp;&nbsp; visited all sorts of schools, created hundreds&nbsp; of videos on the topic, and even set up our&nbsp;&nbsp; very own kindergarten for project-based&nbsp; learning. And now, we also made a book! The Unschoolers Educational Dictionary&nbsp; covers everything we know about learning,&nbsp;&nbsp; unveils the unintended consequences of&nbsp; compulsory education, and includes a&nbsp;&nbsp; complete guide to the alternative&nbsp; school movement. Order your copy&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Just visit your favorite book shop or&nbsp; check the links in the description below. If you found this helpful,&nbsp; check out our other videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; join us on youtube or on patreon.com/sprouts.&nbsp; For more information, classroom&nbsp; exercises or videos without background&nbsp;&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @sprouts [6 likes]: We made a book! The Unschooler’s Educational Dictionary. https://www.amazon.com/Unschoolers-Educational-Dictionary-Lighthearted-Curriculum-Free/dp/168481359X/ Secure your copy to discover a world beyond traditional schooling, revolutionize your understanding of education, and empower your approach to parenting and teaching. #unschooling
  2. @cristinabruner2276 [4 likes]: Burnout is when small tasks seem like a large chore that you don't feel motivated doing, but before you can do everything.  That's burnout for me.
  3. @bbbbbbb-e9s [4 likes]: "Burnout = fatigue from caring too much for too long" 

100%
  4. @alancarmody8848 [2 likes]: It comes from a moral injury. Burnout is the symptom of ongoing injustice
  5. @xxxxxx-qj5dy [1 likes]: Pushing too hard, too long, for people you otherwise wouldn't give the time of day!
  6. @benny9620 [1 likes]: “Burnout is caused by caring too much for too long” damn
  7. @DarkStar_48: OK, I didn’t “take on” anything- the job keeps adding new responsibilities… ugh.
  8. @DashCamFlow: Had been in the IT industry for almost 8 years, unemployed for almost two years, no purpose in life, very bad at setting goals, procrastination, scrolling phone, can easily be motivated but very hard to take action, keep my tasks or work to the very last minute and many more. Have no idea what is going on and how to reset my body??
  9. @jankijain210: This is a really helpful breakdown, recognizing the honeymoon stage as the starting point is such a vital perspective for early prevention
  10. @HistoryIntrigue011: I’m
Seeing a psychiatrist on Thursday, wish me well.
  11. @IsMacTireE: I'm not sure it's caring too much for too long. I think it might be neglecting your own will for too long.
  12. @jerrysanders141: Ohhhhhhh...

Shit.
  13. @purecrazyanimal2461: im currently in the apathy stage. i simply do not give a simple shit about anyone or anything. bills, work, people i simply dont care anymore.
  14. @RelaxunoOfficial: Most people are overwhelmed, not weak.
  15. @hippydippytrippy9804: I’m clearly in Stage 15, I’ve spent the last 3 + months in a pressure cooker at 12–16 hours a day, 7 days a week, doing the work of 3-5 people. AND somehow attending to my Mom’s emergency heart valve replacement and pneumonia without being allowed time off - because I’m miss classified as a 1099
  16. @TriskelRebel: Described me perfectly!!!!
  17. @MindHavenglobal: More people need to hear this.
  18. @さげやきよみ: Random recommendation, but it makes sense
  19. @gabifgt: i think i'm experiencing burnout. i got a new job almost a year ago and i'm completely spent. not only is the work itself complex, the people around me are awful. my boss and supervisor are terrible, mean people. i'm underpaid for what i do, they didn't teach me anything, it's a mess. i'm expected to perform at an all time excellence when i have no support or help. i'm always on the edge, i'm already anxious and depressed, and this job has destroyed me in ways i didn't think it was possible. i wish i could quit, but i need the money. i'm starting to look for other jobs, but it's hard, the positions available pay even less. i genuinely dont know what to do. i've tried my best to keep a positive attitude, but they broke me. this job broke me. i was unemployed for almost 2 years, i was desperate for a job, then i got this job, and now i'm desperate again. it feels like i've fallen into a trap that i can't escape.
  20. @D00msdayDan-c1z: My one biggest regret after getting out of the military was immediately enrolling in college instead of taking a year completely off to decompress after multiple deployments

- Burnout Prevention | Master Class # 3 ft. Kati Morton: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Want to learn how to prevent burnout from ever happening again? Hey everybody, I'm Kati Morton and I'm a licensed therapist and I have a mental health channel here on YouTube where I educate about all things related to your mental health. But today we're going to talk about how to prevent burnout from happening again. The first thing I always recommend, it's something that I constantly work on in my own personal and professional life, is boundaries. Boundaries, by definition, mark a limit. Boundaries are on a map, it's a limit between the states, right? This is California, this is Nevada. We can also talk about boundaries when it comes to psychological health. What hurts us emotionally, so it's not okay. And what doesn't hurt us emotionally and it is okay. That limit in between is the boundary. And so when it comes to our work life, what do boundaries look like? The first place to start when it comes to boundaries is notice all of those signs and symptoms of burnout that we talked about before. Like if you're feeling really irritable or super tired, or maybe resentful of your viewers, or comments you get, or people around you. Notice those symptoms and those signs because that tells us that a boundary has already been crossed. And that's what's really cool about the human brain is that it responds, and it lets us know, it sends signals to tell us when things aren't okay. And so if we recognise those symptoms at that point then we can assess what we're doing and how we can make it better. How much of your time and yourself are you willing to give up or to share with your audience. Every time we give of ourselves, we give of our personal life, we're left with a little bit less. That's less time spent with our loved ones or less stuff that we have that's private. But everyone's level of tolerability and what they're willing to share is going to be different. Be patient with yourself as you figure out what's okay for you. And we can't have anybody else tell us either. Unfortunately, no one can solve this for us. Everyone's different. My ability to give to my audience is going to be very different from your ability to give to yours. So, think about it. Give yourself a little time and consider what's okay and not okay for you to give of yourself. I think boundaries are really difficult for creators as a whole because we work and live often in the same place. I mean, right now, I'm in the second bedroom of my apartment, It's only a two-bedroom apartment by the way, and this is like my "office" that I share with my husband. So I'm legitimately working at home. That makes it really hard for me to experience work-life balance because I don't clock in at 8 o'clock and clock out at five. The difference between our personal life and work life can get a little hazy and therefore it can be difficult for us to know when we're really taking time off or when we're 'not on' and being a creator. And so something that I learned about when I was studying to be a therapist, we talked about boundaries of space. I do not work in spaces that I want to do other things in. So I work primarily in my office or in one part of my couch in my living room. Those are my only two areas. I refuse to ever do work in bed. Or at the dinner table. Or in our other lounge chair. Because those are areas where I want to relax. And we know behaviourally, psychologically, through research, that if we separate our spaces, then we're better able to do the thing that we need to do in that space. When I sit down to work at my desk that's right behind me, my brain knows it's going to do work. I don't sit down there and read a book or chill out and listen to music. I only work. And so it takes me less time to get settled in and to focus. And I know for many of you, you might not have the space to devote to a complete office but I would encourage you to set up a certain space maybe this is buying a desk and a chair, and putting it in a corner. The next issue many people run into, and something I've struggled with off and on for years, is how to communicate to your audience about boundaries. The first boundary that I ever set up was that I only answer questions for the first few hours or first 24 hours, I think was the first one I set up, after a video is released. So setting limits to when you're going to be available, and when you're going to answer questions, reply to tweets, respond to comments, whatever it's going to be, set a time limit, let them know when. So it's kind of just letting people know what to expect, that way they're not disappointed or frustrated, and you don't have any guilt about setting boundaries. Take some time and consider what will work best for you. Give yourself a few weeks to assess what's okay and not okay, and when you're usually active, and what feels good to you, and what do we start to resent and feel overworked about. Start noticing those things and then start putting together how you want to communicate that to your audience. Now that we've learned how to stop burnout from continuing to happen, let's find some ways to work smarter instead of harder. Make sure you're subscribed to this channel because our next episode is all about that and turn those notifications on and I will see you then, bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZelphTheWebmancer [2 likes]: Although I don't have the physical space to separate life from work, I found that if I setup a browser just for work hours and a different one for the time off then it gets a bit easier to switch between the "work time" and "rest time". Although I have not perfected this yet, I think that added with the fact that I had stablished work hours helps somewhat.
  2. @HenrazoEnergy [1 likes]: Thank you I just lean something I was going through about, you don't need space time what we need is schedule, sure time consistently to get good results much appreciated 👍
  3. @TravelHere [1 likes]: Even I have never experienced a burnout, even when working 14 hours a day,
it might still be good to watch these kind of videos to learn about a burnout.
  4. @DanielCastro-us2wr: 0:17 ❤
  5. @John-l9z2v: I’ve been through that sneaky kind of burnout too — especially when personal stuff and creative work start blending together. Setting clear boundaries saved me. I also use Meowdoro Tracker — it’s a free browser extension based on the Pomodoro technique. The timer with cats helps me stay focused without falling into an endless loop of tasks.
  6. @PisikeKass: don't know.  i backwards love almost everything doings bed,learn or write or find something interesting is my favorite places is bed alone
  7. @heryana123: Ya terkadang kita ada titik jenuh apa lagi kalau penonton sepi,ok terima kasih atas informasinya dan dukungannya kita jadi tetap semangat lagi love yutube creator 🙏❤️
  8. @TruthDefender: Someone else here also breaking all the rules of "boundaries of space" or just me? 🙃
  9. @ThuGianNgheThuat: Thanks very much. Yours video very wonderful.
  10. @CatsTree: please promote my youtube channel
  11. @dboxcinemaz8769: Okee
  12. @winonadaphne6445: hmmmmm how do you set bpundaries?
  13. @DeniMarsGame: Хорошо, когда у тебя 3 спальни, отдельный офис для работы говорить о том что нужно разделять место работы от места обычного для отдыха. Я живу в пространстве 7 квадратных метров. В распоряжении кровать, и перед ней стол с компьютером. На кровати сплю, на ней же сижу за столом, когда обедаю или записываю видео. Если встать с кровати то автоматически оказываюсь уже у выхода в подъезд. Вот и все пространство. Что бы снимать квартиру больших размеров, нужно попрощаться с Ютубом, так как придется искать другую работу, на которой придется проводить время с утра до ночи, и которая бы позволила зарабатывать на съем  жилья с большей жилой площадью, и на видео времени не останется точно.
  14. @DAKellys: This is a problem that I struggle with.
  15. @annonciaderuvio4995: le chat est passer par la mémé 
.
  16. @JMJung: Thanks   !😊👍👏 !
  17. @RedditViso: i like it
  18. @Llukose: Love this series Kati
  19. @delicio3983: Escrevi no canal eu quero aprender mais
  20. @theHDP: I'm just glad you said Nevada right. ++

- How Grant Beat Burnout and now THRIVES on YouTube!: Kind: captions Language: en - Creator burnout is probably one of the greatest problems that we experience, and we're talkin' to you guys about how you can overcome that if you're feeling that here. If you don't know Grant, you totally should, from the King of Random, on YouTube. Tell us a little bit about what you do on YouTube, and how you got started in the very beginning. - So I've been doing YouTube for about seven years. I was working as an airline pilot for quite a long time. I had a really good position of seniority, and I was interested in just how the world worked. So I got into ripping microwaves apart, taking apart electronics, and learning about lightbulbs, and just random things. In the process, figured out how to make projects, and reinvent society using common household materials. [Grant Voiceover] Now you, are the lord of the flies. So I started putting videos up on Youtube, of how to start a fires using your water bottle, and how to make rocket motors out of sugar and stump remover, and random things like that. Random things. (both laugh) - You became the King of Random. - So this channel exploded, you know now we're a little over nine million subscribers, it's on its way to 10, and it just keeps getting bigger and bigger. (pressure hissing) [Grant Voiceover] That's wild. It never occurred to me that YouTube could be a job, at the time, I was just makin' these videos for fun in my spare time while workin' for the airlines, but then at that time, YouTube started rollin' out this partner, a YouTube partner feature, where you could actually start making AdSense, or monetizing your videos, which didn't really mean anything to me 'cause I wasn't in it to make money. But then once I started realizing, I got my first payment, for a month's worth of videos that I put out, I think I made $2.98. And when I saw that money hit my bank account, I was like, oh my gosh, this is real. I didn't put any money into this, this is a free platform. I just invested some time, and I made $2.98. What if I made hundreds of videos, and I had millions of people watching my videos, I could potentially make a lot of revenue, far more than I was making even at the airline. - Where was your channel at when you started feeling like you were startin' to bump into some issues? - You know how hard it is to work on a video, put it out there, and nobody watches it. I felt that same struggle, so in addition to making the videos, and coming up with the projects and ideas, I was also trying to market myself and find ways to get these videos pushed. So we're talking 12 to 18 hour days, of just trying to get content out there. - Seven days a week? - Seven days a week, in addition to a full time job and a family. Not to mention I had a business in real estate, so I had properties that I managed and a hard money lending business. But I would say probably after about two years of grinding away, seven days a week, 18 hours a day. I was gettin' bags under my eyes, my eyes were bloodshot, I was getting mentally fatigued, just really tired, but I just had to keep going, keep going to keep the momentum up. - What kind of kept you going through that? Why didn't you just stop after a few months? - Success. Success is what kept me going. I had this thing, my channel did start exploding, it did start growing. I was appearing on television shows, like Dr.Oz and Good Morning America, and people were subscribing to the channel in droves. So I kinda had this feeling like, okay, this wave is good. I'm gonna ride it as long as I can. I'm gonna keep pounding out content, I'm gonna keep working hard, and then when it slows down I'll take a break. But the thing is, it never really slowed down. It just kept gaining momentum, kept getting bigger. People wanted more content, more frequently, and all of a sudden I was carrying this huge burden because I was waiting for a break, and it was never coming. It was actually just accelerating. - What was goin' on around the time where you felt like you were done? - That's actually when I met Tim, that was CVX Live. I don't remember what year that was. - It was a few years ago. - 2015 or 2016? Long story short, I was still grinding away at my content, putting in the best quality and passion I could into these videos. The problem is it just took so long to make these videos. So the comments became very negative. We want more videos, why don't you produce more content? And so I took it really personally, 'cause I was workin' my heart out, I was sacrificing so much of my life, my kids didn't have enough time with their dad because I was makin' these videos, and then all of the comments, I wasn't good enough for them either. So I kind of hit this crisis point, where I can't please anybody. So I just wanted to stop. I just wanted to quit YouTube, despite all the success, despite all the revenue, despite having made all these goals. I was just so physically and mentally drained, I just wanted to be done. I had nothing to lose, and since I quit making videos, my passion didn't quit. I still wanted to experiment with things. But rather than putting 150 hours into producing a video in a way that I thought was really professional, I literally just grabbed my Handy-Cam, ran out into the backyard, did some experiments, and threw 'em up on YouTube. (explosion sound) I would have considered that such a slacker, lazy way of doing that, except the video I put up got six million views. - Which is more than you were getting at the time. - I was gettin' like 400 thousand on my other videos. So the next day, I went out and filmed something else that took literally two hours to produce, start to finish, and that got another six million views. I was producing a video every day, and just doing it, I don't want to say I was doing poor quality videos, I just got rid of all the expectations and everything that was weighing me down. Because part of my story that I didn't mention was I wrote down a list of everything that I was frustrated about in life. You know, not enough time with my kids, not enough people watching my videos, too many complaints, I don't have time to expand my mind. I don't have time to finish my hobbies. And then I drew a line, and on the other side of the line I put the opposites of all those things. I want more time with my kids, and I want more time to think and expand my mind. And basically, I looked at all of the things I did want, and the only way to do that, was if I was going to make videos and just kind of let the quality go, per se. But when I started doing that, the results actually took off on YouTube, so then I got back into the YouTube game in kind of a whole different way. I was so protective of trying to show the perfection, like all my videos I just wanted everything to be perfect, but I had people in the comments wanting to see fails, wanting to see the process, and at that time I had nothing to lose, so I thought lemme just do an experiment or two. - So you just kinda let go. - Yeah, I let go, and then the data came back telling me, hey Grant, it's actually better when you're not perfect. Your videos are performing better. And so that was a wake-up call to me. I was killing myself, doing something I didn't have to be doing, for an expectation that wasn't really realistic. - That sounds like a life lesson, not just a YouTube lesson. - So where we're at today, basically, that was a year and a half, almost two years ago, and we've produced like another 300 videos since then. We put out a video almost every single day now. We still follow that style very similarly. We have made it more of a process now, but then still, I got to the point where I realized I couldn't take any time off. All my employees, by this point I had hired employees, systematize, process. - You started using the word we instead of I. - That's true, because I changed my style. I actually had something where I could bring people in to help me edit it, whereas previous style was almost impossible to do that. So I had put together a team, and they wanted time off, and when I realized I couldn't have time off, that's when I realized I needed to go the next step further to systematize it, to where the business was working for me, not me working for the business. So this last year, I've built processes, systems, and six months ago, I actually stepped out of my videos and brought in a new host, which was one of the most risky things to do, because this was like my baby that I built, and now I'm giving it a new face and I don't know if it's gonna work, but I did everything in my power to ease the transition, and actually the channel is doing just as good, if not better now, than it ever has been. I'm getting refreshed, I'm reading audio books, I'm going for walks, spending time with my family, so I really feel like I've gotten my life back now. I've got a system that I can work on and quantify, and make tweaks to, and just actually make a lot better, because I'm actually separated from it. - So you have one or two books you recommend? - It's funny, all the books that you recommended for me. Number one was the E-Myth, talking about how to build systems and processes, or at least the ideas behind it. I had to build the systems, but it just gets you thinking that direction. And you know, Primal Branding, I think, was a really great one. You have to have a connection with your audience. They have to have a reason to follow you. And I also realized it didn't have to be me personally they were following. I could build a brand that they could follow. And outside of that, Good to Great, finding Level 5 Leaders was a fantastic book as well. - This is something I go through as well, you know, through different seasons, and so, I love learning from you, Grant, so thank you for your advice. And the rest of you guys, what has helped you get through burn-out on your channel? I wanna hear from you guys in the comments below, and learn from each other. Let's all encourage and support each other. Check out Grant's channel, link to it in the subscription below. It is YouTube.com/TheKingOfRandom Thanks for hangin' out, guys. Subscribe, new videos every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and we'll see you guys then. - Oh there you go. Some of the most important things you can do is, first of all, really define clearly what your purpose is. Why do you want to do YouTube? What is it about you or your passion or your message that's gonna make you want to share this for the next five to ten years?

  Top Comments:
  1. @HandsIntoHistory: This is still timely- just watched this cuz I found it in my old watch later list!
  2. @DarkisArt: This guest has been the one with the best tips I’ve heard so far!
  3. @ReaganVFilms: If grant wants to start having time with his family then It would be just soon vlogs.
  4. @TheShuiligans: I’ve definitely got a wall this year from a content creative point of view! We started because we wanted to show real life every day irish family life, what works on our channel is Grocery Hauls and budgets things but feel like  tied between budget Hauls and not having more opportunities/need to shop more! When I hit a block I tend to wallow for few days then sit and watch creative/education videos such a this and make oodles of notes xx  hence the reason I flew from Ireland to CVX last year to sit a listen to everyone stories Great Vlog you guys
  5. @NaturalHealthResources: So appreciate this honest sharing- perfection is definitely something I grapple with and love that you saw such success when your expectations and model changed! Super inspiring!! 💗💗
Have to work on “perfecting” my systems.  
Much love and gratitude!!!
  6. @RobbieAndGaryGardeningEasy: Tim, love watching you, thanks for all the time you take to get these up.  I (we) are really new to this, and most likely will never get anywhere close to what you guys are all doing, but I just love helping people with gardening, and learning as I go, again, thanks, Robbie
  7. @4xoverland: Great video Tim and Grant. Thanks so much. Suggestion for a video: How to Handle the Haters - interviews with creators. (I have found a way that works quite well)
  8. @VoicesinOurHeadShow: This is really helpful!! Thank you! I have go let go of my inner perfectionist, pronto! (Or as I like to call her "Priscilla" haha :) .
  9. @Feelization: Grant let-go of the perfectionism and got out of his own way. What a wonderful share, Tim! Thank You! 🦋💕
  10. @Danishapop: wow, what a story!
  11. @Fawaii: Love this video feels really personal and real “you’re better when you’re not perfect”. Will keep this remember everyday.
  12. @CreationsByS: great story!
  13. @GoMinivan: This king of random guy is such a NATURAL! I can't picture him getting stressed. Loved what he said about not meeting perfection
  14. @Mabeanie: In my fifth year on YouTube I ran out of ideas for content. So I made a big call and fully committed to a channel that I made with some of my friends. It was very refreshing and gave me new excitement and motivation. I did that for three years and then returned to my personal channels. I came back last November and am coming up with ideas on how to shake things up. I'm refreshed again in my attitude towards my own channels, and was starting to burn on on the collab. Meanwhile, I started another collab channel with some other friends in late 2016 and that's been lots of fun so far.
  15. @CallMeChato: With my job I found that even two videos a week was too much, but it was a good thing to try in the short run. Now I’m doing just one a week, for now, and I follow a very simple rule. Shoot for one hour max. Edit in two hours. Pencils down. Hold nose. Publish. Next. Great lesson from this video, perfection does not get you more views. Although, being younger and buff would have helped me.
  16. @RobLunaYT: I really like  grant's attitude, trying to make things perfect for the viewers and doing stuff more extreme than the previous one, it's so ironic that people want to see us fail but again that's life, when you finally learn how to accept failure, that's where you can finally achieve success, I'm still new in the game and I'm gonna look back at this comment next year and see how much i can grow just by watching this video
  17. @TheOrganizedSoprano: Batch filming if you can do it is a real lifesaver. Also having a bank of “rainy day” videos in case you can’t film or upload. Like a week’s worth so you can get back on your feet. I have been burned out recently and I had to take almost a week off from uploading. Creator burnout is a real thing.
  18. @JustFrana: I feel burnout since monetization got taken away from me while i get tons of traffic ....subscriber count killed me ....and to me it's always been about getting more views now my channel is just kinda stagnating and i'm struggling to find motivation
  19. @KaiAndrew: Just started last month and filmed about 30 videos in 6 weeks, uploaded 18 because the first batch was unwatchable.  Definitely can feel the burn, but I started a Discord group and started some collabs.  Made it a lot more fun and now have great support.  Had 5 subs two weeks ago and now at 95 - sooooooo much diligent and hard work for those 90.  Custom url coming up soon :)

Great video as always, Tim.  Thank you.
  20. @cookingwithalittlespice: I use to get burnt out when I first started because people in my life didn’t support me. then I started not caring & I thought I’ve always had to support my self & continue my channel/journey & once I changed my mindset my channel started growing. Now every day I gain subscribers

- This YouTube SEO Secret will SKYROCKET your views!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to cracking SEO a series where I'll show you strategies on how to increase your views and subscribers through SEO not just the basic titles and tags you and I are going to look at one of the most underrated forms of SEO that's hiding in plain sight is there a secret YouTube SEO trick that's allowing YouTubers to generate millions of views and craft the YouTube algorithm possibly I decided to do my own research to test the theory that you need to know about this is Matthew beam you may have seen him hiring real life Spider-Man or building Mr Beast squid games Matthew does something with his YouTube content that allows him to show up in search results better than any other YouTuber and I would encourage you to take notes because this could be the secret you need to generating more views I took a look at Matthew's latest YouTube video overnight in the world's best airport there was something that stood out to me not within his video but within the description of his video out of the 5000 characters you're allowed on YouTube for a description Matthew used 2032 of those characters for a detail heavy description in the description below he has two separate blocks one block is more of a recap story about the video and everything that happened within it the second block is where he heavied up on phrases and more keywords and this is where they come into play why would he do this well I decided to run a test on some of the phrases that he was using in the description of his video related to the title of his video I copied and pasted a few of his keywords from the description and pasted those in a private browser on YouTube I wanted to see if these keywords were actual phrases that people could be searching for and see if they were helping Matthew get more views the first term I searched for was I lived in a luxury airport for 24 hours he was the third to pop up the next term was living in the world's best airport again he was the third to pop up the final term I searched for was we lived in the Singapore airport again he popped up third however people are going to YouTube search things like luxury airport and Singapore airport these are all key phrases that Matthew can use to his Advantage because at the end of the day people are searching this on YouTube and his video will rank what does this all mean for example if you're watching a similar video from yes theory Matthew is more likely to be recommended to the viewer who is watching a different video from a different Creator and this allows him to generate more views just from solely including the titles in his video so let's talk about you what does this mean now YouTube is using everything not only in your video but your description also to index your video and to put it in front of the people that it needs to be in front of I will caution you on this one thing because it could open you up to a massive problem if you fill your video with the titles tags and descriptions from things that are not related to the actual video itself you are running the risk of your video video being removed again you want to give YouTube every opportunity to index your video and put it in front of the right people however make sure that you have proper tags titles and the appropriate description of things that are related and interests that are related within the video so that I can place it to the right people and that your video does not get removed if you're looking to make a piece of content research other content that is similar to yours see what's out there on YouTube there's a vast variety of content right here on this platform if there are similar titles and tags within those videos use those in the description of your content to be able to maximize the amount of reach that it can get hope you enjoyed this video and if you did you're gonna like this video and maybe this video too

  Top Comments:
  1. @FREDERICKCLAUDEMAHIEU: Awesome SEO tips! Definitely useful for growing a YouTube channel 🚀
  2. @NovyTom83: A detailed description is such an underrated SEO tool, it’s amazing how using that space for keyword-rich storytelling can help a video rank so much better
  3. @Cheffy-Tech: The concept of the 3-second thumbnail is such a game-changer for Shorts, It makes so much sense that the first few seconds have to do the same heavy lifting as a long-form thumbnail. Thanks for sharing the blueprint 🚀✨
  4. @FriedWiFi-99: Amazing breakdown 🚀 It’s eye-opening to see how a detailed description can act as a bridge to new audiences through related searches. Definitely going to spend more time on my descriptions from now on✍✨
  5. @Aryanchoudhary544: The strategy of using a detail-heavy description to help YouTube index your video for specific search phrases is a game-changer, it’s amazing how much hiding in plain sight SEO can impact reach
  6. @Shverse_Gaming: Thank you.
  7. @piki_djo: what was the software on 3:08
  8. @CowboyJojosAdventures: Great tips, thank you.
  9. @WealthEraSounds: So what do I do for my new manifest music channel?
  10. @EarthAngelTribeOracle: This is my year ❤ for EXPONENTIAL youtube growth
  11. @Muleesempire: posting but getting the same thing 😭😭😭😭😭
  12. @elijahyats2: clean mix, sounds pro 🎧
  13. @elijahyats2: genuinely inspiring 🙏
  14. @TheFrugalFoxChannel: If we all subscribe to one another we all can be monetized 🙌🏿💰🫡
  15. @TonesClark: Great breakdown 🚀 It's eye-opening to see how using detailed, story-based descriptions can help videos rank for so many different search terms. Definitely taking notes for my next upload✍
  16. @YOUTUVEVIDEOSEOEXPERT: I specialize in YouTube SEO that gets your videos ranked higher and seen by the right audience. Ready to turn low views into consistent growth? Let's talk keyword research, title hacks, and killer thumbnails.
DM me or reply to boost your channel's performance!
  17. @Doctor_Said_What: "I am beginning to question the impact of SEO on video performance. For example, my highest-ranking video is rated poorly by VidIQ’s SEO metrics, while several of my videos that are fully optimized with titles and descriptions fail to appear in search results—even when the exact title is used."
  18. @SnapScavenge: its a grind for sure
  19. @deliciasdavovomirian8949: Boa tarde passando para fortalecer nosso trabalho nossa amizade
  20. @JenneterrMada: The background music fits so well.

- 14 things you MUST do after uploading a YouTube video: Kind: captions Language: en if you're serious about growing on YouTube what you do straight after uploading a video is just as important as a video itself now most small YouTubers make the same mistake after uploading every video they don't do anything they hit publish they maybe share the video once and then they just hope for the best but that's why so many new videos fail there's a reason these four videos got over 3 million views between them and that's because I have a winning upload strategy so in this video I'm breaking down the exact steps I take after every upload to make sure all of my videos actually get views I'm going to run through my personal upload process first then I'm going to give you a couple of extra tips afterwards that will help boost your overall Channel growth so make sure you don't skip any because there's going to be some things in here that I guarantee you haven't heard of before okay then first up I want to talk about your video file name now this little thing here has been the center of debate for a long time now some people love it but other people dismiss it as completely useless now personally I think it's a great little way of getting in some really good keywords for your SEO now what me and a lot of top YouTubers tend to do is they name the file name the exact same of what the title is going to be for the video or at least as closely as possible as you can see here you can literally see the entire file name which means its data is being stored and used by YouTube if you couldn't see it here I'd say yeah fair enough maybe it is useless but the fact it literally is right there shows to me that it's being used and analyzed by YouTube so it might have an impact even if that impact is really small so what you need to do is make sure when you save your video from cat cut or Premier Pro or whatever video editing software you use just make sure the file name matches your title then of course the next thing you need to concentrate on is obviously the title now I'm not going to beat you around the bush here guys your title and thumbnail are the most important things about your new video especially if you're a new or a small YouTuber because if you don't really have an audience yet the only way people will click on your videos is if your title and thumbnails are good enough so these are really important now your title needs to entice people in and make them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it it also needs to accurately depict what's going to be covered in the video like you only clicked on this video here because I promis to give you information based on things you should do after uploading a video that's literally why you clicked my title and for example all of these videos here include an important key word and basically explain what the video is going to be about shorts Vandy Barrett train algorithm and bullet train which is exactly what they're all about so when you create your title you always need to include a descriptive keyword both for SEO and just to accurately describe what your video is going to be about that's a reason why all of these four videos here did so well so if you copy the strategy yours will too I promise you so once you've smashed your title out the park it's time to concentrate on the description and there's actually really quite a lot to unpack here so please do listen up now your description is literally an absolute gold mine for helping the algorithm push your videos out so here's how I always do it for each and every video I post I basically use the transcript for each video which is pretty much just a breakdown of every word said I always have this copied into a Word document from there I open a chat gbt and then I paste it here and I basically asked chat gbt to write a fully optimized description for me here this is my last one I wrote here is the script for my latest YouTube video titled how to include SEO to make any video go viral I want you to please write me a one paragraph description for this video that is fully optimized for SEO I'm targeting new and small YouTubers who are looking to grow their channels who aren't getting many views yet these people are not yet aware of what SEO is or how it can help so this is basically exactly what I included on my video I tried to give chat gbt as much information as possible about the actual video and of course my viewers too and then it gave me this fully optimized description here that was full of key words and 100% related to the actual video having descriptions like this will boost your views trust me just give it a go now before we move on to the next section I'm going to quickly ask for those of you who aren't yet subscribed to me but are still watching my videos it's taken me 4 months to hit over 51,000 subscribers and I'm trying to hit 60,000 subscribers in the next 2 weeks so if you're enjoying this expert content I'm giving you out for free please hit that subscribe button because it really will help me a lot also I'm launching my new YouTube wealth Academy in March it's going to be the best YouTube Academy out there for 2025 and I will teach you everything from how to gain your first 100,000 subscribers how to make money without even being monetized and much much more so if you want to take your channel to the next level and earn some really good online become a founding member of my Academy just click on the d The Creator Link in the description down below and for those of you who are watching this video in the future in March or anytime after that the academy will already have been released so click on the link and grab yourself a huge discount and join one of the biggest communities out there in 2025 okay then so once you've got chat gbt to write you a killer description you then need to add your links hashtags and other supporting content so let's just unpack this all separately so links you always need to include as many links as necessary in your description these should be links to your other content and links to stuff you mentioned in your video like I literally just said you should click on the link in the description to join my Academy so I always need to make sure that link is included in the description but one extra way to boost your watch time and your views is by having links to your other content in the description but not just any links these need to be deep links but what exactly do I mean by Deep links well I want you to pay close attention to what you see on the right hand side of images I'm about to show you as you can see in example one when a viewer watches a video on the right hand side you can just see other random videos from other creators that means as soon as your viewer is done watching your video they're probably going to be looking at the right hand side there for a new video to click on to and once they've clicked on one of these videos here you've lost them for good that viewer has now gone somewhere else and they're probably not going to come back however here in example too you can see that the video suggestions on the right hand side are now all of my own videos so this means that the viewer can now only see my video suggested here so once they finish watching this video or get bored and want something else they're much more likely to click on to another one of my videos here and start watching that so let's say even just 30% of your viewers do this that's a huge amount of new watch time you're getting instead of having them just click off onto someone else's videos and losing them for good now you can do this by creating playlists listing all of your videos in that playlist that's what this is here it's just a load of videos I've included in a single playlist now obviously playlists don't just appear on the home feed when someone first loads up the YouTube app so you actually have to actively nudge your viewers into a playlist now I personally do this by using a call to action in my videos and descriptions I literally just tell my viewers to click on the playlist link below in the description if they want access to all of my content on how to grow their YouTube channels and it works a treat the best way to do this is to copy the URL of a video from the playlist or just the playlist link itself so as you can see here if I click into this playlist I can either copy the playlist URL or I can look over here to the right choose on a specific video click on the three dots and then just copy this URL link so now when a viewer clicks on this link from the description they will automatically be taken to the playlist okay that's links covered and the last thing you need to do in your description is add hashtags now for me personally I always add anywhere from 3 to five hashtags some people do up to 60 which is the limit given to you by YouTube but I personally just like to add around 3 to five especially because only three appear here now hashtags these obviously change per every video you make as they should accurately relate to each specific video but for me I personally always just include some keywords and Search terms in there that are as closely related to my video title as possible so when you guys do yours always make sure you use keywords related to your video then of course course we have our YouTube thumbnails along with your titles the thumbnail is the most important step of your YouTube video your thumbnail basically decides whether or not people are going to click on your video and watch it if you're a new channel and you have really poor thumbnails nobody is going to want to click on your video and watch it now I always create three different thumbnails and the algorithm will test all three and pick the best one for me so I would suggest if you guys have enough time to be able to do that definitely create three now when you do create a thumbnail it needs to invoke curiosity and stand out enough for people to want to click on it thumbnail design is a whole different ball game and I know a lot of people struggle with it but for thumbnail inspiration I always use a tool called one of 10 because I know that coming up with thumbnail ideas can be really difficult but this new AI tool makes it so much easier now one of 10 basically picks out all of the viral videos on YouTube gives you a ton of information about them so whenever I'm stuck with the thumbnail ideas I'll log in here and in the search bar I'm basically going to search for videos that are similar to one I'm going to create so let's say I'm going to make a video about barley travel I'll type in barley here and I'll look at all of these thumbnails from viral videos I'm then going to use these as inspiration for my next video because I know that these videos have performed really well so if I can use these as inspiration hopefully it means the thumbnail I create will also work really well you can literally use this for any Niche whatsoever even something like crypto if you wanted to okay then so that is thumbnails done as we scroll down here of course you always need to add your new video to a relevant playlist select not for kids and don't restrict my videos select no for altered content and I always make sure to uncheck these because I add my own timestamps so I don't really want YouTube to try and guess and they add their own for me and then we have taxs again these are also the center of debate when it comes to how important they are some YouTubers argue that they don't make a difference but personally if there's still an option here then they must do something even even if it's only the slightest bit of difference now a really quick and easy way of generating tags is by using a free tags generator just like this just put in your title and it's going to generate loads of SEO heavy tags for you just copy them from here into your tag box and then voila all done for you it's as simple as that now we are going to touch on subtitles but not yet that's going to be done afterwards now I personally don't ever really touch cards because I don't really think they work that well but I will always add an end screen here now I use used to choose this one here which suggests two different videos to the viewers but I've read everywhere that giving people too much Choice often actually hurts your chances of getting them to click so now I always just click this one here which is best for the viewer now all this is is basically it suggests a new video to the viewer when they come to the end of a video like this it's super useful for boosting views and watch time so you always need to include an end screen guys and always just pick best for the viewer then once you've done all that I would recommend commend under visibility here that you select private or unlisted before it goes live you should always let it sit for anywhere between 2 to 24 hours before letting it alive so this gives YouTube and the algorithm enough time to gather enough data as possible about the video before it goes live now this way all the checks are done and when it finally goes live the algorithm should know exactly who to push it out to as it's gathered all of that information about the video it should give it enough data to push it out to the Right audience first time so I always personally give mine anywhere from 2 to 24 hours just before I click live so after that once it's actually uploaded and it's out there you're also now going to want to add subtitles for different languages because having subtitles in different languages will help foreign viewers to watch and enjoy your video and they're much more likely to come back and watch more of your content if they can understand you so all you need to do once you've ater the video is go into it click on subtitles down here click on this one that says automatic captions and these are basically the captions that YouTube has automatically transcribed from your video it's all done for you by the algorithm but this does mean it can often make mistakes so just give it a quick read and make sure there's no like misspelled words or anything in there once you're happy then click publish once that's published you can then go down here and click on ADD language and you have all of these to choose from so make sure to always choose languages like Hindi for Indians Indonesian Filipino or whatever country you have that watches your channel click into one and then click on the pencil under subtitles click on autot translate and then click publish then you literally have brand new subtitles for a brand new language all for free and it will help massively in retaining those foreign viewers who want to watch your video but can't really understand your English okay then so once you've done all of that and the video is finally uploaded and posted out for everyone to see the second it goes live I need you to rewatch it now firstly if you haven't yet I need you to set up a second YouTube account and this is going to be your support account every YouTuber has this and it's basically used to give yourself some extra views and watch time so once a video is uploaded on your main Channel open up your second Channel go in and watch it straight away let it play out in full and of course make sure to give it a like and drop a comment on it too this is just a little bit of fully legal engagement boosting for you it helps get your content off the ground within the first 24 hours so if you're struggling for views I would also suggest loading up on a separate web browser on your laptop or computer where you aren't actually logged into any channel and just watch your video as well as this will also count as a view and help bump up your watch time now make sure whenever you do this that you always watch it until the end this will help your average view duration too the next really simple trick you might have heard of but you might have not have this is where you can link your shorts to your long form videos this is a great little way of getting that extra boost for your video now it's no secret that shorts can bring in massive amounts of views and YouTube has recently enabled creators to link their shorts a long for videos but I still see so many beginners forget to do this so whenever you post a new video I want you to go in and Link that new video to all of your shorts on my travel channel I would always go in with every new Vlog I posted i' go through all of my shorts and Link this new Vlog into them so when someone watches one of my shorts my new video will be listed there and it will always be offered to viewers to click on if they want see more now obviously it won't bring in millions of views but it's just a really simple way of cross-promoting your long videos and your shorts and quickly getting a lot of exposure for them now if you don't know how to do this just go into your sh on YouTube Studio click over here on related and then select your most recent upload so make sure to link every new video you post to all of your shorts it would definitely help just getting you the extra few views now on the topic of shorts if you're not yet creating shorts you're potentially missing out on a ton of new viewers it's well documented now that shorts have the ability to bring in huge amounts of views all of the biggest creators on Youtube upload clips daily and the latest AI tool behind it all is Nexus clips now it's a new AI tool that basically analyzes your videos picks the best segments out and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video it's able to effortly repurpose horizontal videos into vertical videos that you could instantly upload a shorts it also has a facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically I use this tool for all of my travel channel shorts and I got millions of views doing so okay then finally once your video has been uploaded for a while I would suggest you go through and respond to every single comment you get good or bad especially if you're a small YouTuber now for me I get thousands of comments per video so it's quite literally impossible for me to go through and respond to every single one but I do try my best but for those of you who only get a few comments per video you need to make sure you reply to each and every one of them and when you do just try to spark as much conversation as possible so everyone chips in and comments the more comments the more engagement and that's a good sign for the algorithm so that's it guys thank you very much for watching this video I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you learned something useful don't forget to sign up to my YouTube wealth Academy with the link below you'll receive a huge discount I go over so much in that course and I promise you you'll love it thanks for watching guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [787 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
👉 You'll love this next video, watch it here: https://youtu.be/ePJOMYQR_ck
  2. @SanatanaShoda03 [1 likes]: Just got started with my channel and i am really lucky to be with you guys..!! Lets all get monetised by this year end..all the best...
  3. @Ishikagoyat [1 likes]: Very helpful video, mate!❤
  4. @chadglick7664 [1 likes]: ChadGlick content is favorable….check it out
  5. @SamiraMsh-b2m: New here on YT🤞🏻
  6. @MistaBongaa: Any small creators watching right now let's interact❤
  7. @DJChameleon87: This was such an excellent step by step walk through for everything I needed to do after I had finished recording and editing my first serious video upload and had my first Thumbnail and Title already created.  I was on the YouTube upload page knowing from past videos i had watched that there was so many important things that I needed to do before hitting publish but I couldn't for the life of me remember it all since I have been watching YouTube Creator tutorials for a few months and recording and editing videos for the last month before I finally had recorded and edited a video that finally felt at least good enough to be a debut video.

Thanks for taking away the stress and walking me though all the way to hitting the publish button and then what to do immediately thereafter.

At the risk of self-promotion, here is the link to the video that is still unlisted as I am following the guidance to wait a couple hours before publishing.

https://youtu.be/qWdD0sOWS9Q
  8. @legallyblinddesign9529: i know this video is over a year old but i'm confused on the linking  your shorts to  your long form content .. I want to make sure i understand .. when I make long form content  i'm taking a short clip from that video and uploading it to shorts then linking the long form video  ( or play list  if its a series)  within that short ?
  9. @khrismamcmurray9695: With the waiting to publish suggestion, does that also include scheduled posts? If i upload a video a week in advance is youtube still getting that data to push it forward or only if its listed as private or unlisted?
  10. @huwalban: Quick question if I may on the subject of file names? For videos that are already public, is there any point in deleting and re-uploading with a new file name? Thank you
  11. @veritevivante: Hi !
I don't see it  . I can not  sign it
  12. @Justmetal73: Expert, ya right, common sense, everyone learns on their own
  13. @Wanlabbwanfam: Thanks 😊
  14. @zvaghningaming: Yeah guys.. We can do it🎉
  15. @gerdfriendlykitchen: Good luck to all new channels who are sharing worthy and good information that serve other people and help them to achieve their good goals🎉
  16. @FrecuenciaDopamina: Gracias
  17. @askhan5112: best credit cards for beginners
  18. @Mrs.DeagleDeagle: Thanks Dan, helpful tips! I started a niche gaming channel about 30 days ago just prerecorded/edited Titanfall 2 clips - using the just the EVA-8 shotgun as I've been using it strictly for the past 12 years. I have issues because part of my niche is I have an ultrawide monitor so i record in 32:9 to stand out from the 9:16 - so this makes the video look wide and skinny but much better resolution. This I think has shock factor for most used to seeing 9:16, but I'm sticking to my guns on this one. The slog to get my subs up is real, granted the channel is new, but these tips are useful. Thanks again, and good luck everyone! Wish y'all the best!
  19. @supremefootballhub8237: Subscribed today.
  20. @LaSirenitaLaurita: I will say, I will never use ai, and chatgpt. I am against the use of these two.

- How YouTube Works (AI, SEO, and The New Rules): Kind: captions Language: en If your videos aren't getting views, it's probably not your content. It's because YouTube has changed. This is a deep dive masterclass, not a list of hacks, but if you stay with me, you're going to understand YouTube SEO better than 99% of creators. SEO stands for search engine optimization, but there's headlines everywhere right now that say SEO is dead, AI is replacing search, keywords don't matter anymore. But those headlines are flawed, and if you believe the hype, you might miss out on the opportunity. Because for the first time, we're not just talking about a YouTube algorithm update, we're talking about how AI has fundamentally changed how the internet works. And here's the problem. Most creators are dramatically underestimating how significant this change is. You see, I've been on YouTube for 18 years, and I've seen every major shift of the platform. I've earned three silver play buttons, a gold play button, and today our channels are getting millions of views every single month like clockwork. And in this deep dive tutorial, I'm going to explain exactly how, as we cover the updated guide to YouTube SEO in an AI era. And I've organized this video with chapters because we're going to cover a lot of territory today. We're going to cover what still works and why it still works, what's outdated and wasting your time, how AI has changed discovery, and then one of the most important parts of the video is towards the end, we're going to be talking about exact strategies to rank, get suggested, and build long-term authority on YouTube. So first of all, let's define what exactly is YouTube SEO? Well, SEO stands for search engine optimization. And at its core, YouTube SEO has always been about one big theme. It's helping YouTube understand what is your video about, who is your video for, and whether people will actually enjoy it. And that hasn't changed, but what has changed is the depth that YouTube goes now. Because YouTube doesn't just pay attention to your title, your description, and your tags. YouTube now analyzes your spoken words, on-screen text, [music] visual elements, viewer behavior, and your consistency as a creator. The ultimate goal is to help the YouTube algorithm help you by making your content easy to understand, easy to trust, and easy to recommend. So the next question we got to answer is what actually matters for YouTube SEO this year, and do things like tags and keywords still matter? So what are keywords? They are the words and phrases that describe what your video is about. And what are YouTube tags? Well, that's a specific area of your video where you can upload up to 500 characters worth of keywords to support your video. Let's be very clear on this. Keywords still matter, tags mostly don't. Tags are the back-end metadata that has minimal impact today. An outdated SEO strategy is what's called keyword stuffing, and it was the idea that if you used the right words in the right places, that it would help you get views. And while that worked years ago, it doesn't anymore. But keywords are still massively important. A little bit of influence in the YouTube description, a lot of influence in your YouTube title, and major influence in the actual script and content of your video. The words and phrases you use in your video are super important, and they help the YouTube AI understand your content, what the topic is, what the intent is, and the relationship between ideas. So the goal is not stuffing keywords everywhere, it's naturally reinforcing your topic throughout the video. So now that we've talked about what YouTube SEO is and what matters this year, let's talk about how it works. Like what are the factors for ranking videos on YouTube right now? And then after that, we're going to get into the tactics that you can immediately apply to your videos to get more views. So there's one big idea that you need to know, and this comes internally from YouTube with them revealing what they value most, and it's this term, viewer satisfaction. At the end of the day, YouTube wants people to have a good experience, feel like watching was worth their time, and to stay on the platform for as long as possible. But here's a key distinction that most people miss. Viewer satisfaction happens actually after the click, and that's why there's two stages to this. So stage one is pre-satisfaction. Before the viewer can be satisfied and enjoy your content, they have to click on your content. So here's a key term and definition that you need to know. CTR. That stands for click-through rate. Before somebody could be satisfied by your content, they have to click on your content. And you're going to influence that by the quality of your packaging. That's going to include the topic of your video, the title of your video, and your video thumbnail. And remember, CTR does not equal satisfaction, but if nobody ever clicks on your video, then they never have a chance to be satisfied. So think about it like this. Stage one is pre-satisfaction. Can you get somebody to click on your video? And then stage two is viewer satisfaction. That's the real ranking engine of YouTube. So if you want your video to rank when somebody types in a search on YouTube, or to be recommended by the YouTube algorithm, or to get long-term recommendations where you get views for weeks, months, and years to come, YouTube is asking a simple question. Was the viewer's experience with this content good? Here are the five viewer satisfaction factors that actually rank videos on YouTube this year. Number one, watching? Did they abandon early? Or did they stay through the answer? Number two, session time. Did the video extend the viewer's session on YouTube, or did it cause them to leave immediately? In other words, after somebody clicks and starts watching your video, do they leave the platform, or do they stay on the platform and watch more content, even if that isn't your content? YouTube has a broad view where they want people on the platform as long as possible. And if your content satisfies the viewer and keeps the individual on the platform overall, a portion of that is attributed to you and your video ranking. Number three is post-watch behavior. Now this goes a little bit deeper because they're wondering, did viewers watch another video? Did they subscribe? Did they click on a suggested video? Or did they bounce off the platform? Number four, viewer feedback signals. Now this is interesting. This is going to include things like likes and dislikes. Those don't carry a ton of influence for ranking, but they still are a feedback signal. This includes things like comments. Occasionally, this includes things like surveys. YouTube will actually send individual surveys, essentially asking, was this video satisfying? Or they have a pop-up after you've watched content that will give you a choice to say, I'm interested in seeing more content like this, or don't recommend this channel anymore. Number five, intent fulfillment. So this is asking, when someone comes on the YouTube platform, what are they hoping to experience? And this matters especially for search. It's questions like, did the video clearly answer the question? Did viewers stop searching afterward? Or did they keep hunting for a better answer? And so those are the five things, but let's be clear, the number one way that a viewer can essentially vote on whether or not they found your video satisfying, is how much time they spent watching it. And one of the things that the YouTube algorithm is analyzing is whatever niche you're in, whatever channel topic you're in, did your video hold attention relative to similar videos in that topic? So we've covered the things that matter most to rank videos on YouTube, but what are the things that are just a waste of time? Well, one, over-obsessing over tags. Two, copying competitor tags. Three, naming video files with your keyword phrase. I'm shocked, there's people that are still teaching that, and that is an outdated strategy that just doesn't matter anymore. Number four, keyword stuffing titles. Number five, keyword stuffing your descriptions. And number six, buying fake views or engagement. Focus on viewer satisfaction, don't focus on tricks and hacks. So let's get into the five YouTube SEO strategies that still work right now to rank videos. Number one, research before you press record. Keyword research isn't dead, guessing is. Keyword research helps you identify what people want, use the language that your target audience is using, and create your content intentionally. YouTube is not a lottery, it's a library. And if nobody's looking for your topic, then even the best video struggles. Number two, YouTube autocomplete is still one of the best free tools for keyword research. All you got to do is head over to the YouTube search bar. It works best on desktop, and then start typing in your topic. So let's say you had a gardening channel, you might type in something like how to plant, and then the first recommendation is garlic. The second is potatoes. The third is ginger. And so what you're seeing here is verified interest in topics that people are searching for on YouTube, and these phrases are what is called keyword phrases. A good example of this is one of our Video Rank Academy students, Emma, and she helps women over 40 feel better in their bodies. And one of the videos she did is on a particular type of leggings, the Fanka leggings review. Now, when you type that in, what is cool to see is that YouTube actually verifies people are searching for that. Fanka leggings review cellulite, Fanka body sculpt leggings, and when we search that term, what we actually discover is that Emma's video is ranking on the first page here. Her title, I tried body sculpt leggings Fanka leggings review, she had an 11x outlier score. And so, this is a great example of a keyword essentially being in the title, but also the fact that you can verify interests that are any significant amount of people even looking for these leggings before you make the video. Here's what you need to remember. If YouTube suggests it in that autocomplete bar, there is demand for that topic. Tip number three is use smart tools to help you move even faster. Of course, you can use YouTube autocomplete as a free option, but there's some super powerful tools that can help you speed up and go faster. One of our favorite tools here at Think Media is called VidIQ, and it doesn't just cover keyword research, but there's a lot of cool things that you need to see. But first, let's actually click on the keywords tool and then type in Feanka leggings, right? Cuz we were just doing those on Emma's videos. And one of the things we can actually see is again, there is some verified search volume here. 1,140 people are searching for this per month. We see that the competition is low, so this is an identified opportunity that we see here. But what's also interesting as we scroll down, we can actually now get nuances, matching keywords like Feanka leggings try-on haul or Feanka compression leggings review. Because maybe there's some follow-up videos you want to do. It's going to help you craft and inspire the title. But we could go even deeper when we click on related keywords. Feanka leggings try-on haul, booty sculpt leggings. You know what I'm saying? We can also do workout leggings and some other things which are going to help us shape our next video idea. Now, if you actually want to try out VidIQ, you can try it out for just $1. That'll probably be the best dollar you spend on your YouTube channel this year, and you can just go to vidiq.com/think or click the link in the description to see the details. But here's what I also want to show you because keyword research is just one part of YouTube SEO. You also can look at things like outliers. And so, you could see there's so many different tools they have. Outliers, daily ideas, I love that one. That tells you specific good ideas connected to your YouTube channel. You could study your competitors, you could do thumbnails and even script writing, which becomes super important cuz remember, retention is what's going to keep people on your videos. Now, we still got to get to all these other tips, but let's get into some specific YouTube tactics as we're looking at this. What we're looking at is the outliers for Feanka leggings, and I want you to see two things. Number one, I want you to see this number 3.3 VPH. That is VidIQ showing us that this video is getting 3.3 views per hour, which is significant cuz this video is a year old. If you're trying to figure out what exactly is a ranked video, Sean? That's a ranked video. A video that's a year old and that's still gets three views [music] per hour. And so, we then can reverse engineer some things. Ultimately, we'd eventually want to watch the video, but is it the fact that it's a Feanka leggings try-on haul? Then the humanized added on words there, the snatched, squat proof, and so soft. What are we doing in the thumbnail? Are we showing three different images of the creator there? And if we also scroll down, I want you to see this one. This video over here is getting 69 views per hour. It is a 12x outlier on this channel, but also, it's the best leggings try-on haul. And there's a big insight there because if you put Feanka in the title, you've narrowed the video down. It's become really just about that product. Not a bad idea, but it's just about that product, and if somebody doesn't know the brand or doesn't want the brand, they're not going to click on it. So, you then have the opportunity strategically as you're doing this research to think about maybe how broad appeal do I want to make this video? Do I actually want to talk about more broad appeal title like the best leggings try-on, and then within it, I cover a couple different brands. All of that becomes the kind of insights that you can pull out of using an outliers tool like this. So again, the big idea here is use smart tools to help you go faster. And if you do want to check out VidIQ, you can grab that $1 trial at vidiq.com/think or just click the link in the description. So, we're talking about five YouTube SEO strategies that still work. Number three was use smart tools, and number four is answer specific questions, which is even more important today in an AI era. So, the fact remains, millions of people every day come to YouTube to learn something, to get answers to specific questions, to look for tutorials, to find specific information. But now, it's not just people coming to YouTube to get answers to specific questions, it's AI itself. This is a big quote for this year, YouTube is not just a video platform anymore. It is a trust layer for the entire internet. Consider this, search engines, AI assistants, LLMs, and even voice search is looking for something clear and credible answers. So, if you create authoritative content that answers questions clearly, thoroughly, quickly in the video without fluff, in an organized way, it's not just that you're going to satisfy people, you can actually get what people are calling search everywhere optimization because YouTube is such a reference point for all types of search engines and AI platforms. And tip number five takes this even deeper, which is use YouTube time codes and chapters to create smart structure. This is one of the most overlooked SEO strategies right now. So, first of all, what is a YouTube chapter? Well, after you've created your video, in your description, you could start by typing 0:00, meaning right at the beginning of your video, type a sentence, and then throughout your video, you're going to type 0:56, that'd be 56 seconds, 5:45, that'd be at 5 minutes and 45 seconds into your video, and you would build out chapters, and the sentence and the words you use to describe that time code is the clickable parts in a video, just like in this video that you're watching. And then those portions of the video make it easier for you to navigate and skip around in the video, but they also make your video more indexable. YouTube and search engines can now understand portions of your video, the sections of your video, and not just the totality of your video. Where this gets fascinating is the fact that not just your video could answer a specific question, but there might be very nuanced specific questions in your video that you would be covering. So, intelligent time codes and chapters allow for those portions of your video to be referenced by AI, to be indexed by AI, but even for portions of your video to rank on the homepage of Google in places like key moments because there might be a portion that is highlighted because YouTube and Google is scanning your entire video, and your intelligent creation of time codes and chapters makes it easier for the systems to do that. And let's just give another reason why this is so powerful. This will actually force you to be a better teacher and a better content creator. Because if you do this well, that means you've organized your thoughts. You're trimming the fluff. You're teaching in clear segments. You're getting to the point faster. And what's really cool about this is chapters satisfy your viewers cuz it's going to improve the experience, improve the content, but it is also machine learning clarity. Smart video structure is going to help you become more of an authority in not just a search world, but an AI search world. Now, I actually realized before we get to tip number five, I actually have a tip number six that will help you rank videos and master YouTube SEO this year. And then we need to get into the final section, which is probably the most important mindset and understanding we all need to win in an AI world. Tip number six is long-tail keywords convert best. Now, I didn't say get views, which they do, but the truth is this, broad topics get the most views on YouTube, and videos being recommended by the algorithm also are what goes viral. But long-tail keywords, meaning very specific videos, by the way, Feanka leggings review is a very specific topic as opposed to a broader like fitness topic, these are what convert best. And what do I mean by convert? If you actually want to make money with your YouTube channel, if you actually want people to click your affiliate links or to buy your products or your programs, you want to be reaching a specific audience, not a broad audience. So, broad topics get views, but specific topics get results. So, just for clarity though, what exactly is a long-tail keyword? Well, let's think about it like this. If you were looking for a camera, the short broad appeal topic might be what is the best camera? So, then we could go a layer deeper. What is the best camera for YouTube? Then you could go a layer deeper. What is the best camera for YouTube under $1,000? And you could go even deeper. What is the best camera for YouTube under $1,000 that is 4K? You could clean the title up, but you get the idea. You know, a cool story that just happened in our community is Pam, one of our students who actually was kind of feeling like giving up, started to learn new skills like you're learning in this video, and recently her channel got monetized. Now, she did some repositioning, and today her channel is called Cruise Casino Secrets. But one of the videos that she posted, which was a 51x outlier for her. So, that means that video did 51x more views than her channel typically gets. That was also how she was able to get those watch time hours, and she was doing multiple videos like that. But here's the title of the video. I tried Royal Caribbean Casinos rewards program, {parentheses} and it was amazing. And so, this is kind of combining topics. It's combining answer specific questions. It's not worded, notice this, she's using a modern title structure, but people that have the intent of researching Royal Caribbean cruises, right? They're on the internet for that specific thing. Maybe they want to learn about the casino, maybe they want to learn about the rewards program. Now we're talking about specific topics and we're getting into this long tail keyword arena. And so, to summarize, long tail keywords are so powerful because they have less competition, they attract serious buyers cuz people are already looking for that specific thing, they convert better, people actually making a purchase or doing business or engaging with that video, and they also build authority faster, which transitions us into a section of this conversation that is probably the most important factor of YouTube SEO in today's world. Authority is the new SEO multiplier. One of the biggest shifts creators need to know is that one video does not make you an expert. In YouTube's eyes, in Google's eyes, and in an AI search world, authority doesn't come from a single great video. It comes from repeated, consistent coverage of a topic. So, authority is built when AI systems see that you talk about the same subjects over and over, two, you use consistent language and frameworks, three, you're clearly positioned in a lane, and four, your videos connect to each other logically. So, you can think about it like this. You're not just answering a singular question, you're known for answering these types of questions. And if So, here's what's changed with YouTube SEO. These AI systems are not just looking for content, they're looking for sources they can trust. And there's actually a four-part framework for this, but the big idea are a couple of questions. Who is consistently talking about this? Who seems credible? And who should be referenced? And Google has actually put this into a framework that most creators don't even know about. They've actually referenced it for years, but it's more important today than ever before in the modern YouTube SEO world. It's four letters, E E A T, and it stands for experience, expertise, authority, and trust. And we're going to define these, but the good news here is this is one of the reasons why you and your personal brand and the channel that you're building has a defensible posture against AI because AI can't have real-world experience. Now, the truth is, the trust of AI might increase, and AI certainly can have some authority as it gives good answers, but humans are still very relevant, and it's the combination of all these things which builds this broader idea of who is the authoritative voice, who's the person that has credibility and a track record, who's been consistent around this topic. So, let's dive into these. Number one, experience. Have you actually done the thing that you're talking about? Good news, if you want to start a YouTube channel, you should start it about the thing you're already doing. You're living that thing out. You've done it for a few years. You don't have to necessarily be a MBA, Harvard grad expert, but if you've been parenting for a few years, then you can talk out of real experience with parenting. If you've been managing your money and investing, you can talk about the real stuff that you're doing. So, Google and the AI systems and YouTube is wondering, if you want to become an authority, the SEO game changer, have you actually done the thing you're talking about? Secondly, expertise. Here's the question. Do you understand it deeply or are you just repeating surface level info? And so, can you demonstrate expertise, not regurgitate ChatGPT's freestyle rapping out here? Can you bring thought leadership to the conversation? And this isn't that you want to be using AI, maybe you, the human, I hope is using ChatGPT and doing your research and looking up some articles, but the key is that you are digesting that information, synthesizing it, pairing it with your real-world experience, and then making something that actually creates a human-to-human connection. People love that. That's viewer satisfaction, and AI will reference that and help build your authority. Now, the A actually means authority, and the question is this, do others, including other platforms, recognize you for this topic? If you dive deep into SEO right now, you'll hear about citations. This is you over time building up your authority online. The old-school word was back links, and it's a good reference point in one sense. It's just are you being talked about on the internet? have multiple places or platforms that are cross-confirming your authority? Are you recognized for this topic? But you might be saying, "But Sean, I'm starting from scratch, and I don't really have any authority yet, and I'm literally at zero, so how can I compete?" Well, let me encourage you, everybody started at zero, and every authority had to build their trust and authority one brick at a time. You absolutely can compete. I think it's wise to stay in your lane, find sniper topics based on where you are, using VidIQ, using research tools, and one video at a time, one upload at a time, as well as your continued learning and development to increase your experience, your expertise, and your authority. But the next one is big, trust, and here's the question. Are you consistent, honest, [music] and reliable over time? You know, consistency is misunderstood on YouTube because people think consistency means upload frequency, and I think that's a very flawed definition. Consistency means a consistent experience, a consistent brand, a consistent message. What is reliable over time mean? It means, "Oh, that's a channel I can rely on for a particular type of information, for a particular experience, even in entertainment. This is what that channel is known for." Honesty, that's a big one. How are you building your integrity and your character over time? By not betraying your audience, but being somebody that is consistent and showing up and integris, and not rug pulling people with crypto schemes or whatever people are doing on the internet these days. And so, those four things come from Google, and they all work together, trust. And here's a good example of how this can compound over time. This is Anton. He read our book YouTube Secrets. We've done some one-on-one coaching together, and if you look at his channel recently, it's been going crazy. He's got a 36X outlier here, an 18X outlier here. He just got 20,000 views. He just built up 123,000 views here. You mastered the technical side of content creation, but you also build real authority and real expertise that your videos will rise to the top over time. And guess what? Low-effort AI slop and AI videos doesn't have any of these, and it doesn't mean that that content is not going to get views, but it does mean that real voices and real authorities and real individuals that go deep into their subject matter, as well as master the technical side of YouTube, are going to be the ones that win with YouTube SEO going forward. And so, if you want to master YouTube SEO in today's environment, it's about becoming a trusted authority because when YouTube and the AI systems know who to trust, everything you publish works harder. And the second thing, it's also about mastering the technical side. It's still important. In fact, I've got a whole video on how exactly to upload your videos and all the little boxes to check and how to do your titles. So, you can click or tap the screen if you want to check that out. My name is Sean Cannell, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel, and I will catch you in a future video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [22 likes]: We covered a lot in this video - What is your biggest take away from the strategies shared? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @rethinkrich [1 likes]: Wow, this is such a game changer. I am new to your channel. Youtube really has evolved! I only have 53 subscribers, and I know everyone starts with one. I hope someone reading this also finds my channel helpful-I'm just starting out, but I'd love to share what I am learning as well. We are all in this together to help one another!😃
  3. @wandervlogstravel [1 likes]: Great explanation of how things are shifting, especially the “search everywhere” and authority angle.

We’re seeing many travel creators already apply this with WanderBoost. Instead of keeping content only on YouTube, they turn videos into structured destination pages that AI and search engines can actually understand and surface.

It’s becoming a proven way to build authority and get consistent traffic from Google and AI search alongside YouTube.
  4. @MustafaDanishmand-x7p [1 likes]: THANK YOU
  5. @CynthePen [1 likes]: Hint for searching for key words: don't do it on your own computer! Use a friend's  or a strangers or the local library's because search engines tend to just cough up searches YOU have already made!
  6. @imagine-i9m [1 likes]: One brick at a time! I like that phrase. Thanks👏👏
  7. @acethriva9176 [1 likes]: Lmao
  8. @acethriva9176 [1 likes]: I love this guy
  9. @acethriva9176 [1 likes]: Lmao
  10. @Explore-The-Netherlands [1 likes]: Another edition of It is only about your input.
You mention it is about: before the satisfaction of the content they have to click on it............ 
But you totally forget again to mention: before they can click on it, people have to see the tumbnai;..... Youtube has to show your tumvnail in the first place in suggestion or search. This steo is always forgotten to mention. 

So stage one is not Pre Satisfaction = it should be stage 2
Stage 1 should be. how to get suggested in the first place. 
This is specially for channels with no satisfaction data
  11. @SorooshRoohi: 💎
  12. @JayneTripplett: Great info ❤❤❤❤ you live what you teach!!!
  13. @megurumunakata: Fr
  14. @kotiasha: Excellent example of the channel and video how to keep people watching and influence AI algorithm !
  15. @eilamariesartre8823: so yeah, in my niche there's so many pitfalls to fall into and with all these new filters and everything I literally had to go and scrub the metadata from 80 videos and even put some of my videos private that got 1000 views when they first were published because the terms that I used in the title or the terms that I actually used in the script even though I am a certified hypnotherapist I carry $1 million in professional insurance. I'm not doing therapy through YouTube whatsoever, but if I'm using these terminologies, and because Hypnotherapy is not state license where I live, and I don't have a medical license because I didn't have to go to medical school to learn psychology. I therefore am placed as medical misinformation because I'm using terms like nervous system regulation or somatic markers or neural pathway... and then thankfully I also conduct research and sometimes that saves me or I pull the latest research and then that allows me to use the terms but otherwise it's just crazy because I spent the time to learn all this stuff. I have to create all these new words for a lot of the concepts because if I use too much biology, I'm practicing medicine without a license. If I use therapy terminology, then I am brainwashing my audience or if I use more poetic language or emotionally charged analogies than I'm in the spiritual woo category. It's just crazy all the different things I have to do and then if I use systems analogies, which are the most direct for cognitive architecture and things like that, I get accused of being a tech bro or a bio hacker.... some nieces are having to try harder than others in order to maintain any level of authority and I'm having to share unpublished research results and other stuff in order to kind of sure up the credentials issue because my credentials don't matter and all I'm doing is psychoeducational stuff writing down the concepts of how our brains pattern and repattern information etc.
  16. @Reinventingx: My channel is dead , wishing luck for others 😢🙏🏻
  17. @Aapna.Saathi: Plz add hindi voice
  18. @PetDetectiveTV: Thank you Sean, so much to digest but extremely useful video especially in a world where AI has become so influential. One brick at a time a marathon not a sprint.
  19. @iamjoymars: Please talk about entertainment videos, like music videos, movie, videos, etc.
  20. @J.D.Racing: Hopefully I can break the 200 view wall 😮‍💨🫣

- How to Monetize Your YouTube Videos in 2026 - 3 Easy Steps: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be going over how to monetize your YouTube videos step by step and the first thing we need to do is make sure that we hit the requirements for monetization and in order to do that we can jump on the computer right here and I can show you exactly what to do all you need to do is go to your YouTube channel by clicking your profile picture clicking view your channel and then go down here to manage videos from here we're going to want to go to our analytics so if we go to the left hand side we just click our analytics tab right there and then from here we want to select the last 365 days to see the stats for the past year on your channel and what we're looking for specifically is watch time we need 4,000 hours of watch time in the past 365 days in order to get in the YouTube Partner program and monetize our Channel and as you can see this channel right here has 8,000 hours of watch time in the past year so it hits our requirement number one but now we need to make sure that we hit requirement number two which is having 1,000 subscribers on your channel and that is very easy to check just go to your YouTube channel see how many subscribers the channel has for example this one has 5,000 so we are all set and ready to monetize now in order to actually get your channel within the YouTube Partner program and monetized you need to go to the leftand side of your creator studio and then go down here and select this earn button right here and as you can see now the apply button is ready to be clicked so we just click apply now and from here it's going to bring us to the steps to actually sign up to earn money from YouTube now all you have to do first and foremost is review the base terms and you can click Start to begin that process and they require that you actually scroll through and read all of these terms right here and upon doing that then you can click I accept base terms and click accept terms and then scroll down to step number two which is to sign up for Google AdSense and if you don't already have an AdSense account that's totally fine AdSense is how you're going to actually get paid from YouTube when you make your money it's going to be deposited into an AdSense account which is a company owned by Google and then that money will will be sent to you on a monthly basis depending on how much money you make and I'll get into that in just a second but let's begin this process of connecting an AdSense account to our Channel by clicking start and if you don't already have an existing account just click no I don't have an account and then on the next screen it will prompt you to create your AdSense account you can use the same exact Gmail that you made for your YouTube channel it's totally fine now I already have an AdSense account since I run over a dozen different YouTube channels and I've been making money from YouTube back since I was a teenager so I'm going to click yes I have an existing account and all I had to do is select the Google account associated with my AdSense account and then from here once you have that set up you can scroll down and then click accept Association and then you'll be brought back to your YouTube Studio where you can start the next step so now that you have an AdSense account as you can see it says this step is done now it's time for step number three which is to get reviewed and get within the monetization program and as you can see down here it says that we'll email you a decision usually within a month I found that it usually takes much faster than this literally only a couple days in order to get into the YouTube Partner program so this channel should be set and monetized very soon so what I'm going to do right now is log into one of my channels that is already monetized and making money which is my main personal Channel make money Matt right here as you can see this channel makes a lot of money every single month just from the YouTube Partner program and being monetized but our next step to do is to enable ads on all of your videos once you're accepted in the monetization program so you'll get an email notifying you that you've been accepted then our next step is to go to your videos manager within your YouTube creators studio and then you'll see a brand new tab added to your YouTube Studio where it says if monetization is on on individual videos on your channel now in order to make this faster so you don't have to go video by video you might have a 100 videos on your channel to monetize you can just go to the left hand side click this select all button right there and then click edit and then go to monetization and then select on right there and then click update videos now in order to make as much money as you possibly can from YouTube there's a few crucial settings that I recommend enabling which I'm going to show you right now so once you monetize your videos boom you're making money now from your YouTube videos every single time somebody views them and sees an ad on your video but in order to make the most amount of money you need to go into individual videos and edit a few settings what I recommend doing is sorting your videos by the highest view to the lowest so that you're doing the videos that are getting the most amount of views first especially if you have a lot of videos on your channel so this doesn't take too long then just select your videos one by one and then go go edit these settings go to the left- hand side and then go down to the monetization tab and make sure that you have all ad types selected so make sure you have before video pre-roll ads during video mid rolls and after video post rolls and select all types of ads so you can make as much money as you possibly can and then for your videos that are longer than 8 minutes you can make even more money from them by putting what are called mid roll ads throughout your video and in order to do that go down here and click manage mid rules and what I recommend doing is placing ads about every 2 minutes throughout your video tapering them off towards the end of the video so as you can see this 11 minute video right here has 1 2 3 4 five ads throughout the video that'll help you make a lot more money in fact multiple times in many circumstances then your videos that are shorter than 8 minutes so go do that with all of your most viewed videos then the next setting I recommend doing to make sure you make as much money as possible is go to the left hand side right here and go down and click this gear icon that says settings from here then go on up to upload defaults and then select monetization and from here you can select all ad types make sure all of these boxes are checked and that will enable all of your new videos that you're uploading to be fully monetized to their maximum potential so you don't have to remember to do that every time you upload a YouTube video and there's something I wanted to mention about Google AdSense now once you're monetized which is that there is a $100 threshold before you get paid out your earnings so in most circumstances you'll get paid out every sing single month from your Google AdSense account to your bank account and you'll connect your bank account to Google AdSense during that sign up process and they will require some information for example verifying your address in many cases totally normal I had to do the same exact thing when I was setting this all up myself but once you do that and you start making money from your channel then that money will be stored in your AdSense account and if we jump on my computer right here and go into my AdSense account as you can see it might sometimes be confusing because you might log into AdSense right here and see that it says 0 you might say wait I've made a lot of money on my channel if I go into my analytics right here it's saying that I'm making all this money but where is it in my AdSense account so this is very important so you don't get too confused make sure when you're clicking payments account that you click this dropdown and select YouTube and that's because AdSense on websites where you put ads on websites in order to make money is a separate branch of AdSense so you want to make sure that you specify YouTube and now as you can see your last payment was issued right here for this much money and it says paid monthly if the total is at least $100 AKA your payout threshold so you do need to build up $100 but don't worry that money will be stored for you and it's your money as soon as you hit that threshold you'll start getting paid that amount monthly now I've made millions of dollars from YouTube at a very young age and at this point you're probably wondering how many views do I realistically need in order to make $100 from YouTube or how much money can I make on YouTube in general even just from 1,000 views I'd love to invite you to check out this video next to me right here which answers that question in a very short time frame within 3 minutes you'll know exactly how much money you'll make from YouTube from 1,000 views and how much money you'll realistically be making from your channel once you're monetized check that out next to me right there and I'll hopefully see you there my name is Matt par see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @YourHighFrequencyPalce [2 likes]: This is one of the first videos I watched here ✨🌟 I remember it so well ✨ Amazing and it means so much that despite of all obstacles you did this, created this channel and now you are creating something so amazing every day 
🌟✨ thank You so much Matt ✨ 
For being You ✨
  2. @yadibjm4742 [1 likes]: Thanks for information 👍
  3. @Madamnesia [1 likes]: But what does it mean when the "monetize" option is missing from a single video? What should I do?
  4. @MANKALUPAGEE [1 likes]: Hi
  5. @beautywithhilda [1 likes]: Amazing 👏
  6. @SalmanAlam243: Where are you from ❤❤❤
  7. @somvlogs8: New
  8. @TheeLaosD: man Idk when I'm ever gonna get there...
  9. @JoycePantonial-np2sn: Good opportunity…thanks for sharing🩷
we try this now.
Praying everyone bless by God!
  10. @flaxyReflection: Honestly truly  speaking ,if we all follow each other we could get monetized .
  11. @RehanAbbas-i7u: Please help me
  12. @MasterYoist: I still need 17 more subscribers to reach 1,000.
But, you tube has put ads in my videos many times, already.
  13. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: I would like to tell something important for everyone who is here - I write this often for a reason - because it's true and it really is important that people who want to learn about YouTube gets to the right place where they will receive the very best knowledge given with the best intentions instead of opposite - it is well known fact that internet is full with different offers no one should take. 

Matt is the absolutely best to learn from. I have always been and am sure about it. 

I know that here you will receive the best knowledge given with the best intentions and genuine wish to help and do good. 

Matt's videos here are the best on YouTube and these are not just nice words. I mean it. It is because these videos are way more than perfect guidebooks for every YouTube creator. These videos have something way more and it is so important that more people would learn from them

Matt is completely different from everyone else teaching about YouTube and business. It's clearly possible to see it. He is incredibly genuine, ethical and he really is helping people more than most ever will. It doesn't mean everyone else is opposite - no, but Matt is very different in very positive way and learning from him will help you not only to create a successful YouTube channel and business - it will help you to become the best version of yourself. If you actually will learn and receive all these videos and everything Matt is teaching offer. 

It is so simple - you don't need to learn in 100 places about YouTube and business. Here is everything and way more. 

And definitely I recommend you all Matt's videos here, and start with "How to start YouTube automation in 2026" 

Matt, Thank You so much, as always ✨ for being You ✨
  14. @alamininfo1: I am here to help new YouTubers 💖💖
  15. @FrancisMacaulay-sr3kk: Nice 👍
  16. @swahilispirituniverse: Swahili Flower 🌼 connect with me for Swahili words, phrases and conversations. spirituality too.
  17. @Eliteboxingtalk: Yeah I am thinking of stopping because I have been doing it for 3 years and I ain’t getting there I ain’t even completed the subscribe part no we’re near
  18. @PurelyZesty: Thanks for this very helpful video. I've only just started my journey and I hope to stay consistent
  19. @AmmyNnatex: 2 years now but not up to 20 subscribers, I'm giving up 🤦
  20. @matildaanthony: This is so confusing

- How to Monetize your YouTube Channel in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, you would like to make money on YouTube? Well, so would I. And luckily for us, YouTube is adding new ways to do that every single year. So, I thought it was about time for an up-to-date monetization guide going over all the ways YouTube currently pays creators and how you can best use them. I will have timestamps down below so you can skip to the ones that you would like to learn more about. So, let's start with the first one, and that is ad revenue. The most popular way people make money on this platform, the first thing you think about when you think making money on YouTube is probably this method. The way it works is that YouTube will pay you for ads that run before, during, and even after your videos. By the way, I'm specifically talking about long- form YouTube videos. We're going to get to shorts in a little bit, but YouTube takes 45%, you get the other 55%. And that is like very basically how it works. As long as you are in the partner program, your videos will just be monetized, and you can start to make money simply by posting videos. Unfortunately though, you can't turn this one on right away. To qualify, you need 1,000 subscribers and either 4,000 hours of watch time in the last 12 months or 10 million valid shorts views in the last 90 days. Once you hit that though, that is it. You are fully in the YouTube partnership program. Now, unfortunately, not all views in the partnership program pay the same. Depending on your niche and your audience, some videos might pay $20 for every,000 views, while other videos might pay 20 cents for every,000 views. So, for some creators, ad revenue, even early on, can absolutely start paying some bills. For others, not so much. Like I said, it depends on audience and it depends on your niche. If your viewers live in a country where ad rates are generally higher, then advertisers will be paying more in those countries and therefore you will get a larger piece of the pie. But for example, if your audience is younger and advertisers aren't spending as much to reach that particular audience, there's just not as much to go around. And I want to clear up a common myth here, too. Just because your videos are longer doesn't mean they're necessarily going to make more money. Sure, you can spam ads yourself in the video all throughout, but if you if users aren't watching the video long enough to even reach those points where you've placed an ad, they're not going to end up paying out anything. So, when it comes to ad revenue and even getting yourself to the level where you can earn money from ad revenue, it's just about making the very best videos you possibly can and making them no shorter or no longer than they need to be. But that is just one piece of the puzzle. We have a lot more methods to get to. Let's go into shorts real quick. The requirements for unlocking ad revenue for YouTube shorts are exactly the same as ad revenue for long form videos. 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time or 10 million shorts views within the last 90 days. Once you're in the partnership program, you can earn revenue on your shorts and you can earn revenue from posting long form videos as well. The way ads run on shorts is a little bit different though. Instead of ads being placed in the middle of a YouTube short, ads play a lot of times in the feed between YouTube shorts. This means the revenue is getting split between you and other creators in that particular pool. And after music licensing deals are done, you usually end up taking away like a 45% chunk of the money that is spent on those ads. And I'll be honest, the pay, at least right now, for shorts views is way lower than it is for long form views. If you're regularly getting 500,000 or a million views from shorts, you're probably not going to be quitting your day job anytime soon. Ad rates have gotten better, but if you're just relying on shorts, you're going to need millions and millions of views pretty consistently. So, to answer the question we get all the time, can shorts critters really make any real money? The answer is yes, but the bar is really high. You need really highquality shorts that get a lot of views. The third method on the list is YouTube premium revenue. The nice thing about this is that there are no extra requirements. You just need to be in the full YouTube partnership program. So again, 1,000 subscribers, 4,000 hours of watch time, or 10 million shorts views in 90 days. Boom. Partner program. And now you're also getting revenue from the YouTube Premium program. Basically, when someone with YouTube Premium watches your videos, they're not seeing an ad, which means there's no ad revenue to share. Instead, you get a cut of the money that they pay for their subscription to YouTube Premium. But the good news about this is that YouTube Premium viewers are typically paying more than you would normally get from an ad viewer. I just want to stress that just because people watch you with premium, it's not going to double your YouTube ad revenue or your YouTube income overnight. But from what we've seen in terms of your monthly total revenue, YouTube Premium can represent anywhere between like 5 and 15%. Now, before we dive into the next methods for making money, I need to clarify a new thing that happened a couple years ago when it comes to the YouTube partnership program that makes talking about this a little bit confusing. So, in 2023, YouTube launched a brand new type of partnership program that is basically one step lower than the one we've been talking about up till now, where you need 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time. Essentially, once you hit 500 subscribers and three videos in the last 90 days and either 3,000 hours of watch time or 3 million shorts views in the last 90 days, you unlock fan funding. This technically means you are in the YouTube partnership program, but you have not yet unlocked ad revenue methods of making money. So, the next few monetization methods we're going through are going to be available to those in that lower tier of the partnership program. First up is channel memberships. How they work is once you set this up, fans of your channel can contribute to you on a monthly basis. And you get to set up all the different pricing tiers for how much they pay versus what they get in return. What they get in return is completely up to you. Custom badges, emotes, exclusive videos, even exclusive live streams. All this stuff is available for you to decide what to give in return for this monthly revenue. With YouTube, the cut here is about a 7030 split. You get 70%, YouTube gets 30%. My biggest tip if you're setting up a membership program is to make sure that whatever you offer does not require any more work for you, whether you have one member or a thousand members. For example, I strongly advise against a perk that basically requires you to write a handwritten letter to every new member you get. Instead, doing a regular membersonly live stream can be a great way to give value to any amount of members that you happen to have at that time. To determine what perks work the best, I would just look at other creators in your niche to see what they're offering, to see what the audience of this particular niche has come to expect from different membership programs. Next up, I'm going to combine these two, super chats and super stickers. These unlock at that 500 sub tier of the partnership program. And the way it works is that super chats basically exist while you're live. People can give you a certain amount of money. They can write a message and that message will appear big and colorful in the chat. It'll also pin itself to the top depending on how much they donated. That will determine how long it kind of stays pinned to your chat. I've seen people spend a couple bucks just to say hello or ask a question real quick all the way to $100 just because people really enjoy supporting their favorite creators while they're live. YouTube takes its 30% cut of these as well, but they can be really great if you have an engaged audience who wants to support you financially. Super stickers are basically the same thing, but they're a great alternative for someone who wants to support you, but they don't really want to write a message. And what'll happen is they send one and it's this little animated gift that's just kind of hanging out in chat for a little while. Can small channels benefit from this? Absolutely. Even if you cater to 10 or 20 viewers, you might have people who are willing and able to super chat to you. My tip to you is to make sure you thank people who send you super chats. If they ask a question, absolutely answer that question. If you've ever been in a really large live stream with like thousands of people chatting, you might notice those creators don't really get to all their super chats, that is simply because some of them just make a lot of money and get a lot of super chats all at once and it becomes very difficult to keep up. That does not mean you should follow that example. If you are a small channel and you have the ability to keep up with your super chats, you should absolutely do so. Number seven is also in the super category, but this time it's called super thanks. They're unlocked at that lower level tier of the partnership program. And basically the way they work is if you have a video you've posted, somebody can leave a super thanks comment on the video. They're allowed to give anywhere between $2 all the way up to $500. And before you ask, no, I've not personally seen anybody give a $500 super thanks. But let me know in the comments if you have. If this is a feature you have, but you're finding people aren't using it. I would say not to push too hard, but maybe once in a while let people know that if they appreciate the content you're making, they can maybe leave a super thanks down below just to, you know, show their appreciation. Personally though, if I were to ask someone to do anything, it would probably be to get them to watch another video. I think that's them being more likely to support me in the future rather than using my one ask per video if I have that on Super. Thanks. Number eight is YouTube shopping. Think of it as YouTube's version of Tik Tok shop. This one's pretty new, but right now you can attach products to videos, shorts, live streams, and people can actually find and buy those products from YouTube's page, and they don't have to Google anything. If someone does that, you get a cut of that sale. To have access to this feature though, you need to be in the top tier partnership program, that 1,000 subscriber, 4,000 hour threshold. From there, you can set up a shop through Shopify, Spreadshirt, FourthWall, or a service like that. From there, you can tag products directly within your content, and you can even set up a store tab on your YouTube channel. Do you have to have your own merch to use the shopping feature? No, actually, you do not. You can actually tag approved products from different brands, and you can earn commissions off those sales. In fact, YouTube even has an affiliate program that offers creators with 15,000 subs or more to get paid 5 to 20% commissions every time their audience buys something. The tip here that I have for you is to make sure if you're using this that the product you're pitching is relevant to your audience. Fitness creators who tag a resistance band, yeah, that seems to make sense. A gaming channel all of a sudden pitching you to buy a blender, not so much. This is a relatively new feature, and I would argue it's kind of underused at the moment, so it could be a huge opportunity to make some money. But I would also caution that it's not the beall endall. Number nine is YouTube Brand Connect. And this is where we get into sponsored content. This though is a built-in service that YouTube actually runs where brands can come to you and offer you different deals for pitching their products or services in your videos. Instead of you reaching out to brands yourself, YouTube can set up the connection for you. Basically, what you get from turning this on are more opportunities because there are already brands who are looking for creators in your niche to promote their products or services. and YouTube is letting them use this tool to find you for you. You get all these different tools that allow you to accept offers, manage the campaigns. You can even get your creator brief inside of YouTube Studio. Another thing you get is the custom media kit. And this could be something that you can basically print out from YouTube. And it has all of your channel metrics on there that a brand would be interested in. And from there, you can bring that to brands yourself to prove where you're at on YouTube right now in terms of how many views you get, your demographics, things like that. In short, Brand Connect is here to take the headache away from finding brand deals and sponsorships. The contracts are standardized, the payments all go through YouTube, and you get to find sponsors without actually having to go and hunt for them. If this is something you decide to use though and you qualify for it, I'm going to caution you not to just take any brand deal just because you have the opportunity to. If you're a cooking channel, maybe promoting board games is not the right fit. A good example, though, is that if you were a channel that perhaps educated people on how to grow on YouTube and you happen to have a product that also helped people grow their channels and it happened to be called Vid IQ, then maybe that would be like a good fit. And then what you could do is like on every video you could like leave a link to that thing at the bottom and tell people it's like free. You can just try it and yeah there are paid tools too that kind of unlock a lot for you and it can it could really offer a lot of insights and value and you know you could say the link is down below and it offers an exclusive deal to people who watch your videos. You'd say things like that, right? And it would provide value to the the audience because it'd be a good fit because you would be a YouTube education channel providing an education product. Anyway, it's a great way to land sponsorship deals, but just like every good way to make money, it can be used incorrectly. So, make sure you're taking deals that make sense. Number 10 is affiliate marketing. And I have talked about this already in this video, but this is specifically affiliate marketing outside of YouTube. What's nice about this is that you can turn this on tomorrow. If you have zero subscribers, you can start affiliate marketing today. The way it works is you recommend a product, you provide a unique link, people click that link, you get a commission if they happen to buy something. It really depends on which affiliate programs you join, but commissions can range from like 5% to 20%. A common question here is, "Okay, should I just join the Amazon affiliate program?" And you can, but it's not necessarily for everybody. A lot of different brands have affiliate programs. One you've probably seen a lot, for example, are the different VPN companies. If tech channels happen to talk about a VPN, they'll usually be affiliated with one of the many that there are. If you happen to be a YouTube education channel that educates people on how to grow on YouTube, maybe maybe you would join the Vid IQ affiliate program, which is actually a thing. And you know, find out more information about that link down below. My tip for you is of course not to just say link down below, but to actually show the thing that you are affiliated with. Show yourself using it and show your audience how this thing can provide value to them. This is especially powerful for channels who do any kind of product reviews or things like that. Very often, if they are in the Amazon affiliate program, they'll have affiliate links and you've probably clicked on some yourself. I've done so for sure. It's a great way to kind of support the creator who just showed you this cool thing while not actually giving them any extra money, right? You're going to buy it anyway. Why not give them a cut? I would say if this is something you're going to do, I would tailor your links on a per video basis. If in this video you're using a specific piece of gear or a product or a service, then maybe that's the time to put that affiliate link in. And you can join a lot of different affiliate programs and use the different links throughout different pieces of content. The best part about affiliate programs though is that if you convert a lot of sales, this can be huge if you're going out and looking for potential sponsors later on because it shows that your audience is willing to spend money and you are good at promoting different products. These next two are really new, but number 11, let's start here with YouTube gifts, formerly known as jewels. You won't really see these around YouTube unless you're watching a lot of vertical live streams in the short shelf. They're pretty simple, though. The way it works is that you could be watching a creator on the short shelf while they're live and you can hit the little gift icon and then you can choose what kind of gift you want to give them. Essentially, it shows a little animation, but you're just kind of choosing how much money to give them. What's kind of cool about them is that they appear as an overlay for the entire live stream. So, if you give a gift, everybody can see it. Essentially though, these are basically super chats, but just for the vertical live streams rather than the horizontal ones. And then perhaps the newest monetization method that I'm still trying to learn about myself is the YouTube player for education. According to YouTube's help page, if you create educational videos or shorts, our educational partners like schools and teachers may choose to embed your content in their learning materials. When educational partners choose to embed your content or watch your already embedded content, they may be using Player for Education. This gives teachers a way to show your content to their students without having ads on it. It literally says, even though there aren't any ads, you can still earn money from the amount of time people watch your videos in the player. As far as I can tell, this is YouTube basically paying you out of their own pockets so that they can become a stronger force in education across the board. Let me know if this is something you've thought about doing. I think this feature might even still be rolling out, but it's very interesting and I think depending on the kind of content you make, you might be a perfect fit for this program. Perhaps the strangest monetization method though that you're going to hear me talk about today is licensing out your content. This particular money-making method flies under the radar, but it can be very profitable depending on again the kind of content you make. Here's how it works. Basically, media outlets like TV stations or hey, even other creators might see your content and they might want to use it themselves instead of letting them just rip your content and then you sit there and hope for a little bit of credit, you can license that content to them. And there's actually companies that exist that will help you broker these types of deals so that if your content ends up in the evening news, you get something for that. You don't have to go through those programs, though. Let's say you capture a storm that happened that rolled through your community and you got this really awesome footage of it. If the news reaches out to you, you can absolutely set the terms yourself as to how much you want them to give you to license that for their evening story. Oftentimes, if a certain type of clip goes viral, this is something that can absolutely happen to you. Is this kind of thing only for viral creators, though? Absolutely not. Even niche stuff like really rare events or drone footage or very in-depth tutorials can be things that get licensed out. It's kind of like when people use stock footage, only this is like way more specific. Essentially, if you feel like the content you're capturing is really unique, then I would absolutely look into licensing it. So, there you go. over a dozen different ways to make money on YouTube. The big takeaway here is that you don't need all of them. Try to figure out which ones work better for you. Maybe you hit monetization through the partnership program. Maybe you start up a membership. Maybe you have a couple affiliate links. And that's all you really have to do. You don't have to use all of these if you're overwhelmed. It is hard. Monetizing on YouTube is hard. Even getting there is difficult. And that's why this video is here for you. Because if you're finding YouTube to be a struggle, hopefully this will make it a little bit easier.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [81 likes]: Hey future YouTube superstar- What are doing with your first million $$ !?
  2. @DevOpsDescent: Created account 2 year back, got dissapointed and now the subscribers and views are less😭
  3. @GingeraleeCuties: Good luck to all the channels who have yet to be monetized
  4. @jthefade: where do the money go like from the ads so i can add my card so the money will go there
  5. @MilliSportsMedia: Thanks
  6. @KinglewandozkiLeo1: I created my account two weeks ago just hitting 200 subscribers now
  7. @Mi6.Williams: I hope I get monetized 🙁
  8. @KusokMedi: 10:24 omg shiksseben
  9. @THECELEBRITY007: Great job
  10. @wendyyviipi: Good YouTube viral
  11. @PresMatPlays: 0:57 in the text it said 4000 subscribers instead of 4000 hours
  12. @BeelzebubsBride: Awesome! You are epic! I'm interested in learning more about starting my own channel and eventually getting monetized.
  13. @HollowOperations: W tips
  14. @schervakovaskates: I love your account so much
  15. @WilliamHatfieldFilms: Thank VID IQ, not for just this video, but the help you offer everyone.  ( I know its helped me)
  16. @K-VibesbyGP09: I hope they'll not put huts houses etc
They can possibly spread that fake rural propaganda of Africa.
  17. @BibleBoostMotivation: Thank you
  18. @Membershipofbus: I never had the chance and I really want to make money
  19. @coffeeandgaming-e6m: I started a fresh channel. I posted 3 weeks ago a long video, got no subscribers. For the last 9 days I've been posting shorts and now have 19 subscribers. Slowly, but surely... the trick is to keep posting, it's surprising which shorts take off and which ones don't.
  20. @Kareberejones: Good video

- How to Monetize a New YouTube Channel in Just 28 days: Kind: captions Language: en - I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1000 subscribers, in under 30 days. - [Speaker 2] I monetized a fresh YouTube channel in only 30 days. - [Speaker 3] I monetized my brand new YouTube channel in just 28 days. - What's going on? How are these YouTubers growing so fast and yet other creators just kind of feel stuck? Well, this is actually becoming a reality for more and more creators all the time. Sometimes taking 30 days or even 28 days or less to reach these goals. A lot of people assume you just have to spend years grinding, but the rules here are being rewritten a little bit. So, if you're here to turn your YouTube channel into something that can generate profit, maybe become a job for you one day, then I'm going to help you out. Today we're gonna dive into some strategies other channels are using that you can use for reaching monetization fast. Even if you're starting from zero. The first step as usual is finding a niche that serves your goal. However, I'm not gonna go into the general advice of just picking something you are passionate about, because you are here on a mission. It is completely valid and you should be doing something you're passionate about, but let's dig in a bit more. You need to be asking yourself a few questions. Number one being, "Is this niche You're about to go into, profitable?" Not all niches are created equal. Let's say you have a goal of earning $100 per video with a CPM of $7 per 1000 views, you would need 14 to 15,000 views, but if you were making $21 per 1000 views, you would only need 5,000 views per upload, which is a goal that is probably a little more doable, right? The second thing you need to ask yourself is, "Is this a popular niche?" Your niche is basically the audience that's gonna be interested in what you're talking about. So the larger the audience, the more money, right? So what would the popular YouTubers do? Well, someone like Mr.Beast would make a video titled, "Ages 1-100 Fight For $500,000" By doing this, he's essentially relating to everyone who likes money who happens to be between the ages of one and 100 years old. This is how big YouTubers are growing fast. It's because they increase their TAM or Total Addressable Market. They're looking to reach a much larger potential audience, which can give them exponentially more views than smaller channels. Three is," How saturated is this niche?" What if millions of other creators are getting billions of views on the topic you're in? Do you compete in this really crowded space or do you pick something that's a little less saturated? It's not impossible to break through, but if you're dead set on that really competitive niche, I would encourage you to carve out a smaller sub-niche in that big topic. Basically, become a big fish in a small pond by specializing. For example, instead of just covering all of fitness, you might do a channel about specifically CrossFit. It's not about just less competition here either. A highly targeted audience is more likely to engage with you because you're speaking very specifically to their very direct interests. And finally, the fourth question, ask yourself this. Do you feel like there is room to grow within this niche? Now, this doesn't just include being able to generate basically endless ideas for this niche that you're about to enter. Nothing's worse than running out of ideas one year into your YouTube journey, right? But can you also monetize this content outside of YouTube by using things like affiliate links or brand deals, sponsorships, things like that? AdSense does not and should not be the only way that you are looking to make money with a YouTube channel. Having said all of that, I still maintain that it's mega important to have a passion in what you're actually talking about. If you want to even make any money or get any views, because topics you already care about tend to be a lot easier to infiltrate, right? You already know the lingo, you can get in that community because you are very familiar with it. This will also help you avoid burnout, but finding the perfect niche won't just be the magic bullet, right? You still need to generate views, but there's actually a strategy you can lean into for getting a lot more views than you're probably used to getting right now. The biggest channels on YouTube aren't just randomly throwing ideas at the walls to see what sticks, and then they just happen to always get over a million views. No, they are following a very specific blueprint. Let's go back to Mr. Beast channel. It's obvious that he struck gold, literal gold, with this $1 versus $1 million series he's been doing. So what I want you to do is hit up the YouTube search bar and then type in $1 versus $1,000. Scroll down and look at the insane view counts on these videos. 5.7 million, 19 million, 5.2 million, and it's not just Mr. Beast. Let's check out Ryan Trahan's channel. For a while now, he's been doing this "I tested one star reviews" series, millions of views all over the place, yet again. Other household names like Airrack are using this strategy as well. Trust me, even though it feels like only the pro YouTubers can do this, you can as well. Once you find videos in your niche that have had that, like, viral success, you can make videos kind of modeled after them, right? You're just starting out here, so the expectation shouldn't be for millions of views just like them, but what if you got 10,000 views when you're used to getting a thousand? What if you managed to get a 100,000 views when you're used to getting 10,000 views? Putting some intent behind the research you're doing and the content you're making will for sure get you monetized a lot faster, and you could do this even within a month's time. Be careful though, because we're not trying to copy these ideas. It's about taking something that resonates with you and then making it your own. If we jump back to the $1 versus however many thousands of dollars example, again, we can see something interesting. They're all using the same formula, but let's dissect the thumbnails. The elements that stand at the most here is Mr.Beast on the left and then the object on the right. The gold car has been scaled up so that it takes up two thirds of the thumbnail. Let's look at Nick's thumbnail with over 5.7 million views. Nick's face also on the left, but he's changed a few things up. He made sure to include that iconic gold, right? But he's put it in the background. The other main object of the thumbnail has been blown up real nice and big. You have the steak, but then this really recognizable element of the Salt Bae. Recognizable elements alone are great to use, but the more important lesson here is that an idea was taken and then turned into something that was unique to them. Now, increasing your impressions and your click through rate is definitely a fast track to monetization, but it's also not enough. We need to be working on the retention in your videos because you have to hit 4,000 hours of watch time. Alen Sultanic is a famous copywriter, known for sharing unconventional and effective copywriting and marketing strategies. One of his best secrets to hooking viewers could also help you go viral. It's called assumptive questions. The key here is to put yourself in the viewer's shoes. Anticipate what questions or objections they might have, and then settle those right away. This makes the viewer feel more understood and inclined to hear you out. For example, in this video I said that I'm not gonna just tell you that you should be passionate about your niche. We're gonna go a bit deeper. A lot of our viewers have by now, heard us say a million times, "Be passionate about your niche," and they want more information on that, so I'm immediately assuming they're going to say," Ugh, I already know this," and I'm trying to quell their fears right out of the gate. Let's look at this retention graph. The biggest drop off here happens in the first 30 seconds of the video. I bet your videos could look similar to this in some cases, and the goal here is to try and remedy this drop off as much as you can in that first 30 seconds. The less drop off you have here, the longer people will stick through a video. Just a 10 to 20% increase could be the difference between a video that flops and a video that completely explodes. So your hook should satisfy a viewer's curiosity from their click back on the title and thumbnail, and that should happen (snaps fingers) right away. You could tease some exciting moments coming up later in the content, or you can maybe open a loop by asking a question and promising you're gonna answer it in a little while. And what a lot of small channels don't know is that you can use that script writing technique of opening loops over and over again throughout your entire video to keep people hooked. Close the loop, open another one right away, and then the ending is just as important as the intro to your video. What you do not want to do is make it feel like your video is ending at any point. It should kind of come as a surprise. The reason we do this is, is so that we can seamlessly transition a viewer from one video to the next video. If you start to do a really long outro and people start to assume your video is ending, they're going to click off way before you get to that part where you're like," Hey, please subscribe," or, "Please watch my next video." It increases your watch time and it creates hopefully, a binge session because people continue to just watch video after video in your channel. This is especially great for new viewers who after a short binge of your channel, will for sure get your next upload in their feed, whether they've subscribed or not. The more times people come back, the faster you get monetized. Another thing you can do is analyze your video's performance after the fact. Was your click-through rate lower than normal? Well look into that a little bit. Maybe you can make some adjustments in the next thumbnail you make for a video. That can hopefully raise it a bit. Also, you want to examine your audience retention graph, and I would wait maybe like two days after the video is uploaded so you get a nice sample size. You need to try and find where people are exiting your video, and if it's happening in that first 30 seconds, you have got to learn from those mistakes. This isn't easy and it happens to us still too, but we're always trying to improve, but look closely, identify where people start to drop off, and then try and ask yourself questions as to why they might have left. You can also look for spikes where it shows people are re-watching segments of your video. Maybe there's something really interesting there and you could pick up some tips for your next video. And once you get monetized, there's some very interesting things that happen, and if you wanna know what those are and how to tackle them, then you're gonna wanna watch this video right here because we'll go into some more details.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PedroTVnerf [1 likes]: I'm trying to get to Monitization, been more than 28 days
  2. @HorizonHostel: Lets grow
  3. @MindinQuiet: The path reveals itself only to those who continue walking.
  4. @alamininfo1: I am here to help new YouTubers 💖💖
  5. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  6. @gagan.deep11_: It’s not easy to get done in 28 days but i did in 4 months and i got monetized
  7. @Tmsbloxed: Feels impossible...
  8. @Animalmiraclemoments-y3k: Just started faceless YouTube channel everyone
  9. @johnlloydenecillo1954: I hope 1 day I'll be monetized too
  10. @Whotfcaresabtschool: one thousand comments
  11. @TechRatings5: Can i get some surpport
  12. @MoneyMellie: "let the ending come as a surprise" - this was very insightful for me. I'll take this up when making my next video for sure!
  13. @FFAnywhere: Going viral soon
  14. @kutbuddinkhan45: Good❤
  15. @GueneverreTop: nice tutorials
  16. @BringingtheBibletoLife: What are the 5 top Niches today?
  17. @RLivestock: I got more than 1k subs but my problem is 4k watch hours or 10m views 😁
  18. @viralfooty_shorts: You really did the surprise ending :)))
  19. @LoisLaneMiami: MrBeast doesn’t need to do anything anymore, which is cool for him. everyone uses him as an example for everything. I’d love to see a creator use another creator as an example for what to do and what  not to do.😫
  20. @duniaseestheworld: Why don’t we all just subscribe to one another and help ourselves get monetized and a head start towards success on YouTube?

- How to Monetize on YouTube From Day 1: Kind: captions Language: en So, monetizing your YouTube channel is one of the most frustrating things that a new creator has to go through. Getting a th000 subscribers, getting 4,000 hours of watch time, it can be a painstaking thing. And I know this from experience. But what if I told you that you could actually monetize your channel the very first day that you start it? Most YouTubers are focusing on making money on YouTube the old way, waiting for the YouTube partner program requirements, and then waiting for ad revenue to kick in. And even when that happens, I see it way too many times that the channel barely makes back enough money to even cover the initial investment that they put into the channel in the first place. Now, at one point, I used to think that that was the only way to make money off of YouTube. Well, not anymore. I personally now run over 12 different YouTube channels. I have a community of over 11,000 people also running channels themselves. And after years in the YouTube space, I've discovered something insane. The creators that are making real money on YouTube are not waiting for YouTube's permission to monetize. And let me share some numbers that might shock you. According to recent YouTube industry data, the average CPM on YouTube is $15.34. And creators will keep 55% of that after YouTube's cut. This means that the average channel is making $843 per,000 views from ad revenue. But here's where it gets interesting. Industry estimates say that creators will make anywhere from $5,000 to $7,000 per million views also from ads, which sounds great until you realize the massive amount of views required to hit any meaningful amount of money. Now, at this point, you might be asking, Matt, well, if ad revenue is so limited and you don't recommend relying on it, how are some of these creators that you're talking about making thousands of dollars potentially from just a few thousand views? Well, that's exactly what I'm about to explain to you. You see, most people don't even know that making thousands of dollars from a non-monetized channel is possible. And that's because they're focusing on the wrong metrics entirely. Let me break down the math. And this is kind of brutal, but I do think you should know it. If your video gets a million views, let's say, and let's say half of those are views that are actually monetized with ads on them, which is 500,000. With an average CPM of $10, you'd make $2750 after YouTube takes their 45% cut. And I mean, it sounds decent, right? But here's the problem. Getting a million views on YouTube is incredibly difficult, especially for new creators. Most successful videos get way fewer views. But with the method I'm about to show you, you can potentially make $100 to $1,000 per,000 views. That same 100,000 views might net you $800 from ads. That same video could potentially generate $10,000 to $100,000 potentially with this system. Now, you might be saying, Matt, that's impossible. Be real with me. How can someone make 10 times the amount of money with the same exact amount of views? And yes, it might seem impossible, but it isn't. And while I can't guarantee that you're going to 10x the amount of money that you make from your YouTube channel, I need to tell you about something that I'm calling the creator economy revolution. So, the global affiliate marketing industry is worth over $17 billion and it's projected to reach $ 36.9 billion by 2030. Even more impressive, affiliate marketing now influences 16% of all US e-commerce transactions. And so, here's what's really happening. While everybody's out there chasing the ad pennies, smart creators are positioning themselves in front of buyers, not just viewers. And so, the Day One monetization system is built on three core principles that I'm about to show you. First, you sell before you scale. Second, you solve problems and you don't chase vanity metrics like views. And third, you create a monetization funnel, not just posting random videos. And that brings me to the step-by-step method for implementing this system. And step number one is to choose a problem-rich niche using real data. And this is where most people go wrong. Most creators choose entertainment niches because they see that's what's getting the most amount of views on YouTube. And most people wrongly assume that more views equals more money. But based off of my own experience with entertainment channels, I personally have ran several entertainment channels that have crossed over a million subscribers and I've communicated with people running thousands of different channels. Here's what the data actually shows. The three most profitable affiliate marketing niches where you can sell something from your channel are education/earning, travel, and beauty/kincare. and compare those against lowerpaying niches where you're literally just relying on ad revenue. You want to choose what I like to call a problem niche. These are niches where people have expensive problems that they're willing to pay to solve. And the best ones fall into five different categories: money, health, relationships, technology, and travel. And don't just choose one of these broad categories. Instead, choose something a bit more specific. For example, instead of just doing money, do business, investing, or something like personal finance. And for health, you could do fitness, weight loss, or wellness. For relationships, you could do dating, marriage advice, how to get an ex back, social skills. For technology, you could do software tutorials or show different productivity tools. And for travels, you could do guides, destinations, or travel tips. And here's some proof that this works. Take the Faceless channel called Practical Wisdom. And if we look at their video of the 10 ways to make passive income, this video over the years has gotten 10 million views and it generates revenue from YouTube ads of course, but where the real money is potentially made is with affiliate partnerships, which they also do. And this is with them promoting investment platforms as an affiliate cuz they talk about investing and financial course promotions. And the reason these work is because people in these niches are spending money on solutions to problems that they have. Major brands get anywhere from 5% to 25% of their overall online sales from affiliate marketing, which proves that there's real money being spent in these sectors. And you just have to think about this logically. When you are in the mode of just watching a general entertainment video, are you in the mood to pay for a solution to a problem? If you're just watching a cat video on YouTube, absolutely not. However, if you're watching a hyperargeted video on a problem that you really want to solve, are you more likely to invest in a potential solution to the problem that you have? Absolutely yes. And there's hundreds of examples of channels doing this exact same thing. And I've made an entire separate video on some popular niches that are blowing up and you can check out this video at this link right here. So, that's the first step. So, once you've picked your niche, the next step is to create what I like to call your money video. And this is the secret that most YouTubers completely miss. So your money video is basically a longer video, usually like 15 to 30 minutes long, that provides massive value, and then it leads into a paid solution. And this paid solution could be anything. It could be an affiliate product you recommend, which is typically what I recommend people, if they don't want to go ahead and do all the work that goes into creating a product, just partner with someone who's already got one. Or it could be a digital course or a product you create. It could be a coaching service you offer or a software that you promote with recurring commissions. So let's say for example you partner with a software and let's say that software charges $99 a month and you get 30% recurring commissions on that for life as long as people stay subscribed. So that's about $30 per month for every person that signs up. If you get a 100 people to sign up, which is really not that hard to do if you make valuable videos, that's 3K a month in passive income. Let me give you a real example. One of my friends who's a YouTuber, he runs the channel AI Guy has built a massive following in a very short period of time showing AI YouTube automation systems. And his video about YouTube automation, the complete guide got 1.7 million views. And he monetized that video through ads, affiliate programs, and his own YouTube automation community. That's a 10-hour long video. So, he racked up insane amounts of watch time. He put together a bunch of his own videos into that video to create this hyperlong video. and he's got all the tools he recommends, all the affiliate links that he recommends throughout the video in his description. So, that's the second step. And you can only imagine how much that's made him. He's told me before, I don't know if he talks about publicly, but it's an insane amount. And I do have a word for word script that I usually use on these money videos. I can just give you that if we do work together ever in the future, but basically, you just want to think about it for moving people along while giving them a lot of value and then leading them into a paid solution. And that's the second step. But step three is where the real magic happens. This is where you have to build what I like to call your content funnel. Every other video that you create after your money video should funnel people back to that money video. And you do this through end screens, pinned comments with links in them in your descriptions, and then also even just verbal call outs throughout your video. You can mention that you have a free training that people can attend and it's directly on YouTube. And this creates an organized system in your videos where people get value and then they get directed back to your money video. I like to call this system a symbiotic system because it all works together because if you have one video blow up, it helps all the other videos on your channel because your channel's within a single niche. Plus, you can drive some of those viewers back to your money video. They'll buy a product from you. So, you're making money off of that, plus racking up a bunch of watch time and session time because people are staying on YouTube watching your videos. And YouTube rewards this massively. And it's sort of like a flywheel. So, like when one thing starts going good, it can snowball into a ginormous effect that benefits you financially and helps a lot of people in the process. Now, I know all this just sounds great to hear, but I'm not just making claims out of thin air. I've got data to prove that this method does work. You see, affiliates on average that use email marketing, which you can build into your funnel as well, which is an incredibly important thing, earn 66.4% more than those who don't. That could be an insane amount of money that you potentially could be missing out on if you're doing affiliate marketing. So, to add to this flywheel even more, you can incorporate email marketing. So, you collect people's emails in return for something free, usually like a free video or a free resource like a PDF that they can use. And then you've got their email to send people new videos every time you upload one, just further giving more and more value. And then occasionally you sell something from your emails and you can just absolutely crush it. Now, at this point, you might be saying, "Matt, what exactly should I be selling?" Here's where the real opportunity is, in my opinion. Because 82% of websites earning six figures annually monetize both with display ads and affiliate products. They're not just relying on one income stream. And the best platforms for finding affiliate products to promote are ClickBank, Digis Store 24, and individual company affiliate programs. You can even go on Chat GP and ask for the best affiliate programs in your niche. But here's the secret. The average affiliate marketing commission rate is between 5 and 30%. But softwarebased products pay 20 to 70%. And they often provide recurring income as well. So that's why I recommend software so much because you can get recurring commissions. Plus, you're providing a service that gives a lot of value to people as well if it's a tool that they can actually use to help them with whatever you're teaching. And why are software companies able to give such big commissions? Well, it's because these companies are digital. They're entirely fulfilled digitally. So software is great. Also, courses can be really good as well because it's provided digitally, meaning the profit margins are higher and you can keep a bigger percentage of those sales. And that brings me into step number five, which is optimizing for conversion and not just for views. Here's what most people don't understand. Websites that earn over 10K a month generate 3.5 times more revenue per visitor than the average affiliate site. And what this means practically for YouTube is you want to go the extra mile. And that extra mile means incorporating email marketing, making sure to have a clear call to action in every video to send people back to your money video, creating a custom landing page that you can do with something like Kajjabi, so it doesn't seem like it's just a random tool that you're promoting. 23% of affiliates built an email list and used email marketing last year. And on average, these affiliates earned significantly more than those who didn't. Now, you might be saying, "Matt, this all sounds great, but how do I actually get people to buy?" And that's the tricky part. But it's not impossible. In fact, the key to selling something, whether it's a service or a product or a software, is to make sure you've mastered the art to identifying pain points. Your viewers want to learn more about the solution to their problem and then solve it, even if it means paying for it. And instead of sending viewers directly to an affiliate product, what you want to do is send them to a simple landing page where they get a free resource and in exchange they give you their email. And then in these emails, you talk to their pain points. So you see the biggest problems that they have and you solve those problems. Ideally through more YouTube videos and then through more YouTube videos you'll gather up more watch time. You get more people on the list and the whole system works together. But let me tell you what not to do because the statistics show some very common problems that cause people to fail. Do not wait until you have an audience to start monetizing. So many people fall into this. They say, "Oh, when I get a,000 subscribers, I'll sell something. When I get 10,000, a million." And let me just tell you that you could potentially be losing out on tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of revenue if you wait to monetize. The second problem what not to do is do not rely just on ad revenue. Also, do not think that you need to be some huge expert in order to sell stuff from your channel. You don't. I always like to say think of yourself as an information DJ. You're taking information that's already out there, putting it in an easier way for people to understand, and giving value that way. And so, here's an action plan of exactly what to do in the next week. I recommend choosing your problem niche if you don't have one already based off of the high-paying categories I recommended. On week two, spend that whole week making your money video. Make it as good as you possibly can. On week three, set up your affiliate accounts and focus on ideally promoting either a course or a software. And then on week four, start creating the rest of your funnel. And by funnel, what I mean are videos that are going to funnel people back to your money video. Now, I know this might seem overwhelming if you're just starting out. So, let me set some realistic expectations. Even with doing all of this, it does take some time and it does take a fair amount of work in order to implement all of these systems and you're not going to make a million dollars overnight. But unlike so many of the other scammy methods out there, this is an actual real way of monetizing your YouTube channel from day one that actually works. Do not ever just buy a monetized channel like I see so many people talking about out there online. I could make hundreds of thousands, if not millions of dollars selling monetized channels, but it it'd be the morally wrong thing to do because these monetized channels are usually done so using fraudulent means. And if you buy one of them, you're just going to struggle for a lot longer because YouTube's going to push your videos out to the wrong people. Plus, you could face your channel getting banned and so many other bad things. So, don't buy a monetized channel. Start from scratch always. YouTube's prioritizing new channels right now anyways. Plus, it'll actually be a lot easier to grow. Plus, you save a lot of money. You don't have to buy a channel. Plus, you can monetize from day one. And the way that you're monetizing is going to be a much better way. And now, I know this might sound like a lot of information, but just remember that every single successful YouTuber started with zero views and zero subscribers. And the difference between those that succeed versus those that don't is not talent. It's not luck. Maybe initial success is that way, but prolonged success on the platform is about having the right system and implementing it the right way. And if you want to see exactly how I've helped over 11,000 creators grow successful YouTube channels and how you can potentially build a profitable YouTube channel yourself, then feel free to check out this video right here where I break down my exact system and my exact method with you. This is my up-to-date system that I'm using right now to do YouTube without ever showing my face in a new unique way that nobody talks about. I show it to you in this video right here. So check it out right there. My name is Matt Par. Hope you got a ton of value throughout this video and I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @binatEkauser: Let's do it together ❤❤
  2. @SherriWilliamson-v4t: I am doing affiliate marketing on FB IG YT TT because I have no money for marketing.   I have struggled selling on FB IG YT for a couple months with no sales.  On TT I HAVE 1163 followers in one month and can monetize but this is starting to get frustrating.  I have tried a few different things.  So I am feeling a little bit at a loss and won’t give up
  3. @WithBellssOn: I'm at 1,132 subs in 16 months 478k views but shorts lol how how how I ask?
  4. @Minecraft_GD4Life: I make minecraft content
  5. @RottingBloxx: Newbie here. Advance thanks for any support ❤
  6. @realitydecodezone: Support 💪
  7. @fundajourney: Everything you are sharing is so educational. Keep it up.❤
  8. @PrestigeByNatureOfficial: Let’s connect ❤
  9. @HookedOnTheMoment: I hope all of us small creators in 2026 grow.🫶
Good luck and much love everyone
  10. @Theskineditco: Thanks for providing this valuable information
  11. @TheSpartanMind: And you made 10 000 $ from this crap video.
  12. @OnesmusPeter-m4o: Small youtubers let's gather 🎉
  13. @aprilroot1234: Hoping to get help too.❤
  14. @buddycody5807: " let me give you a real example" and then goes right into a commercial lol genius!😂
  15. @tonyr6365: Regain possession of (something) in exchange or payment. -to be redeemed.
I have been redeemed by the Blood of the Lamb.  I belong to God and Jesus. He will never leave me or forsake me. Once you're saved you are saved. Jesus is the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world.  Jesus was crucified and died so we could be saved .He was buried for three days. God raised Jesus to life on the third day.  Jesus was seen to be alive by Peter, James, Paul, the Twelve, over 500 brethren at once and by all the apostles. Jesus was seen by Mary Magdalene outside of the tomb and seen by other women. Jesus ascended to heaven and sat down at the right Hand of God. God loved us so much that He gave His only begotten Son so that we would not perish but have eternal life.
  16. @IRUNTHISPLACE: I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a YouTube video and got 8 views 😂
Im grateful for what I got as I’m just getting started. Anybody like running videos?
  17. @veritasepolte1: I started two weeks ago, just gave few subscriber's
  18. @MoneymanExplains: this is an ad for tuber accelerator. We can either do it alone and take years or buy the mentorship
  19. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: This is so incredibly beautiful video ✨🌟 Everything in it is so beautiful and magical like night sky with stars and northern lights ✨ I have written this before and this video really is a guidebook and artwork at the same time ✨

And about practical things - everyone, it is important to implement everything Matt is teaching in this video and in all his videos! Create your channel this way! 

Matt thank You so much ✨ You help YouTube and this Universe to be a better place, thank You so much ✨
  20. @Ethiohub-wudi: @Ethiohub-wudi    i will respond

- If I Wanted to Monetize An Audience in 2026, This is What I Would Do: Kind: captions Language: en in my second company Prestige Labs I built up to over 5,000 Affiliates that generated 20 plus million dollar a year in revenue and that business continues to this day in Allen my software company which was my third big company we built up to over a thousand Affiliates that were agencies white labeling that software for my book launch for $100 million leads we got 30,000 Affiliates who promoted the actual book launch I've also invested in companies that I've personally endorsed and so I bring all these things up because most people don't know how to quote monetize an audience and after talking to a lot of creators or celebrities and influencers and also business owners who want to do deals with those people a lot of people don't share a construct in terms of thinking through how to make those deals happen and so I wanted to make this video to outline the four ways that I see those deals happening and the combinations between them and what considerations you might have whether you're on the doing the deal side of having an audience or being the person who wants to quote buy license rent the audience from an influencer or somebody who has those eyeballs all right so four ways to monetize an audience let's use a good marker that doesn't suck step one have good markers four ways to monetize and audience all right now right off the bat number one we've got Affiliates which is what I was saying earlier the second way that you can monetize an audience is through sponsorships some people call these endorsements the third way that you can do this is through Partnerships which usually involve equity and the fourth way that we can do this through starting your own if you're the influencer in this instument all right so we have Affiliates which is where you are getting paid after you make sales for a business sponsorships where they pay you first to advertise on behalf of the business and typically endorse it via your brand Partnerships where you go into a business that already has a product already has an infrastructure and you do one of these two things or a combination of these two things for equity and so the behavior avors between affiliate sponsorships and Partnerships are more or less the same the difference is simply how you get compensated and then the fourth is where you just start your entirely owned brand to then promote to your audience all right so let's break down which of these and kind of where they sit on the Continuum and the reason I want to bring this up is because I'm having so many conversations with people who are like I have this audience I've built it for four years I just don't know what to do and so I think of these four on a Continuum all right and I can think of this Continuum in terms of difficult ult and risk and value all right and so on this side you've got the Affiliates this is the fastest way that you could immediately make money most businesses that have affiliate programs you can sign up automatically they have predetermined uh terms that are associated with this agreement and as unless you do something that's really you know nefarious or weird they're happy to have you sell their stuff so one is this one's fastest this is lowrisk for kind of both parties because if you are an affiliate and you're promoting it like they don't have to pay you until after you make a sale now for you you also don't get capped and so if you can make a ton of sales and you feel like you're being undervalued then you just get to prove that you are actually good at promoting and that your audience is actually a good fit for whatever that product is but from a value perspective so I call it exit value affiliate revenue streams are not typically that valuable so they will contribute to the sellability of the company but the majority of that value would come in the terms of a multiple of the cash flow that you're receiving as an affiliate multiplied or discounted by how reliable the business that you're doing business with is and so if I'm an affiliate of the US government you know what I mean and I recruit people for the military then I probably can say that my business model is sound and the US government is not going to go away I'm not getting not notwithstanding you know theories and whatnot all right but by and large it's be a trustworthy third party on the flip side if I have some you know info thing that is going to disappear tomorrow because there's some Arbitrage opportunity that your business opportunity then this is going to be basically have no value because that business that underlines that cash flow has no value all right and so we're moving along here so this is the lowest value probably middle work lowish risk for you all right the next is you've got sponsorships so sponsorships is where someone pays you first all right so you receive cash and then you make the endorsement and so usually this is in two forms you advertise to your audience and the reason I say advertise rather than here it sell here you only get paid after people buy with sponsorships you get paid first and so that means that you are advertising you're a traffic source for the business and so you will get paid as a traffic Source typically based on cpms meaning cost per Impressions that you can have in terms of views to an audience now these sponsorships come in the form of you posting stuff to your audience which for them they see this as free traffic they're technically paying for it but you're monetizing the traffic that you have the other way which is the more scalable way is something called whitelisting which is basically them taking whatever your posts are and then running them as ads and so let's say I have a million person audience I make a post and only you know 200,000 people see it and as most content creators would do you wouldn't want to post over and over again about that thing because it would kind of be like oh this guy's just promoting this thing over and over again it wouldn't feel good right and so you might make a post or two every so often to not interrupt the value that you're providing to your audience too much and so the way to solve this really for both parties is you make an advertisement saying hey I just partnered with so and so their thing is awesome I've actually been using it for years finally came to an agreement I think you guys might like it check it out right and so that wh listing then allows them to blast it to people way outside of your audience I like this a lot as a win-win because the business pays money to advertise your brand so they make you bigger and they're spending money to advertise you but at the same time they get higher conversion rate because you're probably better on camera you're better spoken and you already have a certain amount of warm audience that recognize you at least your face or your mannerisms so you convert it a higher percentage so the business makes money you grow your brand this is a really nice partnership now these deals sponsorships are harder to come by than affiliate deals because most affiliate companies just have a program an influencer program an affiliate program and you just sign up on the standard terms sponsorships tend to be more allak cart depending on the size of the influencer relative to the size of the company and so for extreme examples if you're a huge influencer and there's a tiny company you'll be able to get an amazing sponsorship deal if it's a huge company like Nike and you're a small influencer you might not get any deal and you still wear their stuff and so it's really the balance between who has how much leverage in the negotiation which brings us to the fourth one or sorry the third one which is Partnerships all right now as we move along here sponsorships also don't have kind of like Affiliates huge exit value the only place that sponsorships really become exit valuable exit value for a business is if you have a True Media company now if you're a personal brand it's really tough to exit your personal brand but if I have an army of influencers and I negotiate deals through my network and say hey uh you know paps Blue Ribbon or you know Budweiser whatever I have a thousand influencers that fit your ideal profile for customers and I'll negotiate an umbrella deal and then all of them are forced because the have with them to promote your stuff now you have a media company which is very similar to a talent agency slightly different but has a lot of similarities and so then then that sponsorship revenue is really the main revenue of your business which is that you sell traffic at a discount right but for the for the influencer individually these two things very hard to sell not really sellable not much now once we get into this side these deals get harder and harder to do and you do fewer and fewer of them as you go down this line so a partnership can either be a minority deal or a majority deal again if you're going to go partner with a company and you're huge and they're tiny then it might be a a majority deal if they're huge and your tiny relative to them then it might be a minority deal meaning you're not going to get all of the company and that can range from you know 0.1% of the business all the way to you getting you know 99% of the business in terms of the range and so anything that you can imagine in terms of economics here is going to be negotiable but one of the thing or some of the things that I would consider here is performance which is this is again for both parties you can have Equity as the form of compensation rather than necessarily cash and you say hey if I bring you an extra thousand customers I get you know 1% per th000 customers that I bring you to the platform or whatever and then you put a cap on that at some point where you say up to to you know 10% great and so that way it's a little bit balanced for you and for the business now one of the considerations that you have to have if you were the uh content creator or the influencer is that the the the Association that you make with their brand is permanent as soon as you make that public decoration you transfer all of that Goodwill you transfer that Association to them and so if you are going to do a deal like this my recommendation is that you want to have at least something upfront so no matter what for doing this deal you get some amount of this Equity up front and then some percentage that's based on performance now the one of the last components that I'll say and there's obviously a lot of ways that you can do deals but these are just the things that I think through is time and so somebody who's on the business owner side is like well I don't want you to just make one Association I want you to keep doing this for a long period of time and so they can take some of this Equity that they want to give you and say all right I'm going to give you you know 25% of your Equity upfront I'm going to give you uh 25% based on performance and I'm going to give you 50% over time and so I want you to promote for the next four years and if for some reason something happens then you're not going to get that vesting because we had some sort of breakup right and so whenever I think through these terms I just like to think through all the W's which is who what where when why how right which is okay I want you to post and if you're the content grator you should be asking that same thing which is how much do you want me to post right and about what and you have to take into consideration that you have to keep building your brand right and so you don't want to just be like all of a sudden some shill like that's not good you want to Tastefully be able to integrate that promotion into the content that you have and so You' have to say okay well I think the best way for us to do this is for me to you know put uh your links in my my bio and I'll put it up for one week of the month and I will make one long form thing that mentions it and you know five short form things via posts or stories and then when you define that and the reason this is so important is that you define that stuff up front so that it's just very clear don't just say like I will promote the business and whatnot because it just doesn't work as well and you might say I will also you know record ads once a month that you can then use for wh listing and so all of these things and this is where this gets more nuanced in Deal making is is you can be a partner and still have affiliate Revenue you can be a partner and still get paid from a sponsorship perspective and so these things are not mutually exclusive but like you might have a primarily sponsorship deal with some element of equity but I will say on a personal level the more money you have right now the more you want to lean this way because the equity the sponsorship cash that you choose to take you do at the expensive equity and if you believe in the product and you believe that the company is exit in the future then in my opinion it makes sense to delay it for the little bit longer run but this takes on more risk because here you get paid today no matter what here you might not ever get paid if the company doesn't sell and so by taking on more risk you want to make sure that you're getting a disproportionate reward in the in the form of stock shares options equity and things like that all right and so as we're walking through this and you're thinking okay how can I monetize my brand it's like okay the first level I can do Affiliates and just promote other people's stuff and get paid for it the next level I can be a media source for them I can be traffic for them via sponsor ship right these are a little bit more nuanced deals taking another step I can actually partner with the brand and say Hey I want to own 1% 5% 10% 50% depending on how big you are and how big your audience is and then finally you can start your own brand and when I say brand I say that all inclusive in terms of products and brand and when you do this you can either white label which which means you go to somebody who manufactures stuff already and say can you slap my logo on it which is an option and the other option is that you do custom formulations custom I'll just say custom stuff all right and so if I were selling supplements for example I might go to a a company that already has a product that's done and I just say hey I want to slap my label on it on the custom version of this it's like hey I want this gram of this we're going to test out flavors together and we're going to put it together make a custom product that no one else has same things works with merchandise so if you said hey I want to get a white T-shirt and you just try six different white t-shirts that people have off the shelf that are manufacturers they say okay just slap my logo on it let's go or you say hey what are the different Fabrics what are the different materials that I can put together these are the cuts that I want to look at this is how I want it to fit right that becomes more custom and so white label is faster and easier from a speed perspective but usually me personally I prefer to do custom stuff because I don't like anyone else being able to sell something that's identical to me and be able to have any kind of pricing power over what I have because the moment that people find out that you just have a generic product that you slap the label on it just does it's not a good look right and so again I don't think there's anything like I want to be clear I don't think there's anything wrong with doing white label I just think that if we were to put this on this sphere like white label would be here and custom would be here but if you're going to take the risk on of starting your own brand I might as well get all the benefits of doing it but this costs more money white label tends to Cost Less because you don't have to get custom templates custom forms and pay and incur all those costs costs because someone else their whole business is based around doing this for other people all right now the difference here is that for all of these situations you're going to promote stuff that already exists here you're starting the thing from Ground Zero which means that you're on the other side of the table now you start with 100% equity and then you start paying people this way down the line and so if you are an influencer you have an audience or you're a business owner and you're trying to make deals with influencers this is how I think through this and I try and see there are elements that you can borrow from each of these kind of verticals to tweak the deal to make it right for everyone and so I think about it in terms of what's the exit value what cash is going to be going in or out of the business how much work is the person going to do and then how much risk am I or are they exposed to and by balancing those four things you can usually navigate along this Continuum to find the right part the right deal that's right for you and the product that's it

  Top Comments:
  1. @arigutman [2 likes]: Thank you for dropping all the insightful content I need to get a fix of Hormozi medication  🚀
  2. @benjaminread5287 [1 likes]: Why have you got tape on your nose?
  3. @fabianfrankwerner [1 likes]: 🏁 Learnings

The 4 Ways to Monetize an Audience

- Affiliates
- Sponsorships
- Partnerships
- Start Your Own
  4. @zbdsgvb: February 2026
4 ways to monetize an audience: affiliates, sponsorship/endorsements, partnerships (involves equity), start your own
Affiliates: fastest, low risk for both parties, not good for exit value, lowest value for you
Sponsorship: advertise someone else stuff/they do your stuff, you can whitelist their stuff and ads
Partnerships: get some equity up front if you are doing this
Start own brand: you can whitelabel other people’s stuff, sell own custom stuff. And in this situation you have 100% equity and you use the 3 things above
  5. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  6. @MoochieBall: I got fired for not checking the markers before filming. Sorry a dawg
  7. @StoyanIliev-l7j7t: I've never heard it explained so clearly.
  8. @kratomcommunity: What happened to your nose?
  9. @Hithardmotivate: Bro 
I have audience on TikTok with 100k follower 
So I want to make money which method is best and available for me 
I'm living in Pakistan TikTok shop is not available here 
Niche is motivation or quotes
  10. @CalmRelaxingFilms: Small channels keep at it.....don't give up. Remember all channels start small.
  11. @Solpressurewashing: What do you all think affiliates would look like for a commercial and residential services business?  Not an e-commerce brand.
  12. @JaredJacobsonLaw: Great from a legal perspective too! 🏆🏆🏆
  13. @SuccessMindset2180: 14:51 custom stuff thus the most expensive, the riskiest but and the same time the most valuable way to monetize an audience
  14. @MariadeLourdesAniesSanch-ze7hf: I guess money
  15. @LaResistenciaEDC: Thanks Alex !
  16. @SoloKarry: Examples of each:

Affiliates:
Every listicle blog ever, makes affiliate money off of purchases you make through their links 

On YouTube a lot of folks will affiliate with tools or tech they use and showcase in their videos.

Sponsorships:
Media company would be something like a linus tech tips which has a dedicated sales team to sell ads, they even came close to exiting last year for a 100m 

Besides that sponsors are common on any successful YouTube channel

Partnerships:
Look into recent partnership between MKBHD and Ridge, the wallet company. They did a lot of what alex talked about.

MKBHD still gets to have them as a sponsor and an affiliate source

But on top has committed to create some dedicated content for ridge with advisory on product development in the long term.

For last; Alex himself is the example
  17. @rinkupaulvlogs3978: new sascriver please saport😮😮😮😮
  18. @Jzguan: The marker is giving me goosebumps. Plz fix that.. 

I love alex content ❤
  19. @Z.E.N_: Phenomenal Video 👊🏼
  20. @farmerjeffmays9858: Always Valuable Content 💰

- How YouTube Completely Changed My Life: Kind: captions Language: en here on vacation just thinking about how being a YouTuber, being a content creator has completely changed my life. We're here at a super nice five-star resort. And I mean, look at this. The room's in there. We have a pool. You can walk down to the beach. And I am literally in a hammock right now above. Like, what is going on? This is insane. The past couple days have just been kind of crazy, too. We've acquired some new properties. I'm in negotiations about buying a new car right now. And I don't say these things to to brag or to be like, "Hey, look at me." But rather just to be a proving example of what's possible in life. Because back when I was, you know, 14 years old, I started a YouTube channel in my bedroom. It's completely changed everything about my life. And I've been doing YouTube for about 12 years now. And I just want to give you guys my story today. I'm personally very relaxed right now, so not super energetic. So hopefully this story doesn't bore you. But I started playing video games in my room and recording videos and posting them to the internet back in October of 2012. I started with a simple game of Minecraft because at the time it was my favorite game. I I knew a lot about the game, so I knew I could make some good YouTube videos about it. Started posting videos. My first year I posted about 143 videos on YouTube and of course didn't get much traction. Had a couple videos, hit a couple thousand views, but nothing crazy. No viral videos, didn't hit a million subscribers, none of that. And at the same time, I was also still in school, so I actually just started high school. So, it was a huge transitioning period of my life because when you go from middle school to high school, that's when like school actually starts. You know, you have a bunch of different classes and all these things. So, it was very overwhelming starting YouTube and starting high school at the same time. I was also running cross country and track, playing a couple other sports. There's a lot going on in my life. Fast forward a little bit later, about three years into YouTube, and I started to become very, very obsessed with making content. So obsessed that it's the only thing I wanted to do on the weekends in the summer. Um, I didn't have a lot of friends. I just made YouTube videos constantly. And to some people listening to this video, you're like, "That kind of sounds boring or just terrible. Like all you did is just sit in a room making YouTube videos." But I loved every second of it. It was my true passion. It was it was almost about 3 years into YouTube. It almost felt like it was like it was meant to be. I was like I I was meant to be here. I was meant to do this. I was meant to make YouTube videos. I know that sounds weird, but and at that time I still did not have any viral videos. I didn't hit any crazy milestones or anything. But one of the most important things I learned is that you have to constantly evolve your content. And this is not just for being a YouTuber. This is for business. This is for anything in life. You have to constantly be improving every single area. Your title, your thumbnail, your intro, your personality, your filming, your quality, your editing, your sound effects, everything. I was constantly trying to improve that over and over and over again. And I thought I I thought I heard a a guana. There's like a massive iguana on our porch. Anyways, that was one of the most important lessons I learned, but also that lesson kind of came naturally. Like I I kind of understood that because I had big goals. I wanted to hit a million subscribers. I wanted to hit 5 million subscribers. I wanted to be a YouTuber. I wanted it to be like my full-time job. I also knew that, okay, I'm going to have to work very hard. I'm gonna have to make some some really really good videos and I'm going to have to constantly improve and evolve my content over and over and over again for years. This is going to take a long time. I knew that from the beginning. So, knowing that allowed me to kind of accept that and start to put in the work, start to get busy every single weekend, every single summer. I was that was my obsession. That's all I did all throughout high school. When I graduated high school, that was in 2016, I hit a million subscribers on YouTube, like right when I graduated, which was it was almost like a dream come true, but at the same time, I've been working at it for 5 to 6 years. So, it was a ton of hard work. I don't know the exact number of videos, but I believe it took me anywhere from 700 to almost a,000 videos uploaded on my channel before I hit a million subscribers. It took me uploaded videos to finally get my first video to hit a million views. So that's 574 videos and that was across a period of three and a half years. Imagine uploading a video like almost every other day for three and a half years and then finally one hits a million views. That's sometimes how much work you have to put in. And it's different for everyone. You could put in less work and get to a million views. You could put in double the amount of work that I did and get to a million views. Who knows? But also one of the things that I learned is I built incredible momentum behind my channel once it started growing. So it took me like five or six years to go from zero to a million subscribers. But it only took me six months to go from 1 million to 2 million subscribers cuz I had so much momentum behind me just compounding month over month, year over year. And then if we fast forward to today, for example, that momentum has compounded to over 40 million subscribers across multiple channels. And we're just still going. We're still kicking it till this day. Um it's just crazy. I've just been on the beach sitting in this hammock just thinking about the last 12 years looking back and I just have no regrets. I have no there's nothing that I wish I would have done differently. There's so many lessons I learned. There's so many problems I faced. But at the same time, it was just a part of the journey climbing the mountain, getting to the next spot. And it's just been it's just been awesome. And I hope this message is inspiring, motivating for any creators out there that want to do something with their life because my life has truly changed so so much. We have multiple multi-million dollar properties. We have, you know, I have all the dream cars I could ever want. I have an SVJ. I have get to go on incredible vacations like this. And there's just, it's just awesome. It is truly live living the dream. I don't want to, you know, jinx my I'm truly here truly here living the dream. And um just wanted to make this video for any creators, small businesses, anyone that's struggling right now. Things are hard. That is the best part about it. That's where you can learn to thrive. That's where you can learn to get very creative and pull together solutions for problems that you didn't think you could do. And then when you overcome that, you feel great. You feel satisfied. You feel excited. It motivates you when you figure out something that you've been trying to figure out for months or even years. And it's just the best feeling in the world. It's so much fulfillment. Um, so hopefully this message gets to the right person. Um, and if I should make more videos like this, let me know. This is definitely something different. I just I literally just decided to whip out my phone and and film this um just because it was on my mind. I usually don't do these things. I usually keep them to myself or I'll write them in a notepad and you know save it for later. But just been thinking. Just been thinking. That's what vacation's like for me. I like to think a lot. I like to read a lot. Um I get very creative on vacations. I think of new ideas. I think of just new things to test and try. It's a great way to just open your mind because sometimes when we're so busy in the week to week grind of videos and videos and videos, sometimes you just have to step back to see the bigger picture sometimes. So I think that's what I'm doing now. And I'm just reminiscing on the last 12 years and how it's been such a journey, but such an incredible one. Such an incredible journey. And I think if you ask any successful YouTuber in the world if they have regrets or if they hate it or anything like that, I can guarantee you they they will say no. It's so it's so worth it. It's worth all the hours, the long nights, the not going out and partying on the weekends. It's so so worth it. But hopefully this message and video gets to the right person. And um yeah, see y'all later. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HasForTown [14 likes]: love seeing videos like these. as a smaller creator this helps motivate me to try get to the position your in.
  2. @InfinityLegacyXP [1 likes]: New YouTubers gather here let's grow together 🎉❤
  3. @Cruxionix [1 likes]: Can you do a video about how to start a roblox youtube channel in 2025?
  4. @MachoKitten224-l7b [1 likes]: Finally an Unspeakable video that doesn't have hundreds of bots in the comments.
  5. @Kbubs-Travel [1 likes]: Thanks, Nathan, for the dose of motivation. It can be challenging to stick with it and consistently create content at times. I would love to be able to make an income from this and do it full-time. To travel and make videos while seeing the world 😍
  6. @noobie.rl1 [1 likes]: unspekable ive been watching you for a long time i love your videos man! keep up the good work and do want you want you have changed a lot from your oldest to your newest videos the views change dont quit dint listen to the hate keep moving and do what you like!
  7. @shiftsync.407 [1 likes]: More of these videos I loved this video so encouraging to keep me going, you the best Nathan
  8. @MichaelCAcaso: Thanks for this inspiring video 💙
  9. @jacobache8570: Very inspirational message and encouraging, thanks  a lot for your message .
  10. @Dantookorie1: HEY NATHAN, Watching this video has answered my question.... Thank you so much... I am grateful
  11. @crystalanderson8965: to try to be populer
  12. @crystalanderson8965: thank you i just started youtube and i thout i would never got populer but now i am motivatied
  13. @MrStartruc838: mr beast was there
  14. @ShadowDaDEV: You were my favorite YouTuber as a kid, and to think you've done 100's of videos. I'm in the same position and this has been the most down to earth thing I've heard. 
Thank You Unspeakable.
  15. @POVTrips: Enjoy the vacation!. Doing POV travel content. Good luck to us all! Getting close to 130 subs!
  16. @thejoyloop: I'm going to be at your postion one day.
  17. @CappuccinoBeam: Thank you!
  18. @DaveCoolMusic: Awesome video
  19. @Bkplayz1234: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  20. @nicholas_tsangaris: Nathan I know you aren’t makeing too mutch revenue from these videos but I can’t say enough how their helping me thanks man ❤
Also it’s great to see the genuine you.

- Change Your Life – One Tiny Step at a Time: Kind: captions Language: en If you are like most people, there is a gap&nbsp; between the person you are and the person you&nbsp;&nbsp; wish to be. There are little things you think you&nbsp; should do and big things you ought to achieve. From working out regularly, eating healthily,&nbsp; learning a language, working on your novel,&nbsp;&nbsp; reading more or simply actually doing&nbsp; your hobby instead of browsing reddit. But it sometimes seems that to achieve&nbsp; your goals, you have to become a different&nbsp;&nbsp; person. Someone who is consistent, puts in&nbsp; more effort, has discipline and willpower.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you have tried your hardest to be like&nbsp; that. And it worked! For a while. Until you&nbsp;&nbsp; find yourself slipping back into your old&nbsp; ways. In the end, you always seem to fail.&nbsp;&nbsp; And with every failed attempt, you become more&nbsp; and more frustrated and annoyed with yourself. If you believe “success and hustle”&nbsp; internet, it is all your own fault:&nbsp;&nbsp; if you don't succeed, you just didn’t want it&nbsp; enough and the failure is all you. But change&nbsp;&nbsp; is actually hard. And as with most things in&nbsp; life, understanding why makes things easier. The Jungle Imagine your brain as a lush and&nbsp; dense jungle. Moving through it,&nbsp;&nbsp; say to make a decision to do something,&nbsp; is like moving through an *actual* jungle:&nbsp;&nbsp; It is hard and it costs energy.&nbsp; Your brain hates expending energy,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it came up with a trick: All your actions and&nbsp; behaviors leave paths in the jungle of your brain. As you start doing something, you trample down&nbsp; some plants and make rough, improvised trails&nbsp;&nbsp; through the undergrowth. The more often you do&nbsp; the thing, the more pronounced the trail becomes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Over time it turns into a path that is&nbsp; easier to tread, so you take it more often&nbsp;&nbsp; and it turns into a street. As you repeat&nbsp; doing the thing, over and over for years,&nbsp;&nbsp; the street turns into a highway. Traversing it&nbsp; becomes effortless, familiar and comfortable. The more pronounced your brain highways,&nbsp; the more you get used to their comfort.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we continue to use them, which means&nbsp; we tend to do what we have always done.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why change is hard, especially as an adult&nbsp;&nbsp; when your jungle is criss-crossed by&nbsp; lots of established streets and highways. To understand how those highways are built&nbsp; we need to distinguish between two things:&nbsp;&nbsp; Routines and habits. The Things You Do: Routines and Habits A routine is a sequence of actions that you carry&nbsp; out the same way every time because they’ve worked&nbsp;&nbsp; out well for you. For example, you get the&nbsp; same ingredients for your favorite dish and&nbsp;&nbsp; cook them in a certain order, because you like&nbsp; the taste of the result. Or before going to bed&nbsp;&nbsp; you set an alarm at 6:30 because&nbsp; this is when you want to get up. Imagine routines executed by a wise planner. It is&nbsp; slow and analytical, responsible for strategizing&nbsp;&nbsp; and mental calculations. The planner is&nbsp; aware of the future and carefully considers&nbsp;&nbsp; what kind of result you want. Based on that, it&nbsp; chooses actions to achieve specific outcomes,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if they are uncomfortable, like&nbsp; taking a shower after getting up. Routines can eventually turn into&nbsp; habits, which feel much easier&nbsp;&nbsp; because they are basically a sequence of&nbsp; actions carried out without thinking about them.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have done them so often before that&nbsp; your brain considers them rewarding&nbsp;&nbsp; and a great response to a situation. So a&nbsp; habit can feel like you’re on autopilot.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don’t have to convince yourself to do&nbsp; something that’s a habit - you just do it. The important thing about habits is&nbsp; that they are set in motion by triggers,&nbsp;&nbsp; context cues that can be single&nbsp; things or entire situations,&nbsp;&nbsp; that give your brain the signal&nbsp; to start the behavior or action. You already have a lot of triggers in&nbsp; your life: like when you see your phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; you almost always unlock the screen. Or you reach&nbsp; for the seat belt when you sit in a car. Or when&nbsp;&nbsp; you buy your coffee before work, you also get a&nbsp; cookie, even though you aren’t actually hungry. Habits are executed by an impulsive toddler.&nbsp; It responds to your immediate desires, based&nbsp;&nbsp; on what is around you. Without considering&nbsp; any longer-term goals. For the toddler,&nbsp;&nbsp; the future doesn’t exist and it hates hard work.&nbsp; So when it notices a trigger, it steers you to&nbsp;&nbsp; take this easy road inside your brain that leads&nbsp; to a familiar rewarding result. If you get coffee,&nbsp;&nbsp; the toddler also wants the cookie, just&nbsp; because that’s what you do every morning. This rewarding feeling is also how most of&nbsp; your bad habits started: chocolate is tasty,&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing reddit is occasionally&nbsp; mildly entertaining.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why you repeat these actions,&nbsp; even if they are bad for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rewarding feelings associated with an action&nbsp; demand to be repeated and so a bad habit is born. While the toddler sounds like&nbsp; a built-in sabotage mechanism,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is as important as the wise planner and&nbsp; actually they work together most of the time! You need your wise planner for thinking big&nbsp; thoughts and parallel parking and doing your&nbsp;&nbsp; taxes. But letting your wise planner do everything&nbsp; would cost too much energy. Outsourcing mundane&nbsp;&nbsp; and repetitive tasks to habits, managed by&nbsp; the toddler, allows your brain to easily&nbsp;&nbsp; manage your daily life, while dealing with more&nbsp; complex mental challenges at the same time. So if we want to change and introduce&nbsp; a new behavior into our lives,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can actually use these energy&nbsp; saving mechanisms to make it easier. We will focus on small things, not big ones.&nbsp;&nbsp; Improving your life a little is&nbsp; so much better than aiming high&nbsp;&nbsp; and changing nothing. Especially because small&nbsp; changes can do a lot over months and years. How To Build a Habit If you want to make change easier,&nbsp; the best way may not be to force&nbsp;&nbsp; it with willpower but to convince your&nbsp; brain that it’s not that big of a deal.&nbsp;&nbsp; By creating new routines and then turning&nbsp; them into habits. You want your wise planner&nbsp;&nbsp; to construct that first trail and then use your&nbsp; toddler to help initiate the action effortlessly. Let us say, you want to work out&nbsp; to be fitter, a very common goal.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first thing to do is to break down this&nbsp; pretty vague goal into clear, separate actions,&nbsp;&nbsp; because the idea is to make the action&nbsp; itself as easy a threshold as possible:&nbsp;&nbsp; so small it is manageable and so specific&nbsp; that you don’t have to think about it a lot. For example, a tangible,&nbsp; controllable action might be&nbsp;&nbsp; “doing ten squats” every morning. So you&nbsp; can start by trying to create a routine&nbsp;&nbsp; but already include clear triggers&nbsp; that the toddler can pick up later on. Remember, a trigger is nothing more than a&nbsp; signal that you always associate with the action.&nbsp;&nbsp; They can be visual pointers like seeing&nbsp; a particular object, like your training&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit. Or a certain time of day, or a designated&nbsp; place like a nearby park – or even better, all of&nbsp;&nbsp; these things combined. The important thing is that&nbsp; you always start doing your action in a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; context. This trigger is the start button that&nbsp; will eventually set off the action automatically. So to establish a home workout habit with ten&nbsp; squats to begin with, you could make sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; always do them with your exercise gear on, at the&nbsp; same place and time, like in your living room at&nbsp;&nbsp; 8am. Once you have your trigger and action,&nbsp; all you need to do is repeat them regularly,&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally every day. If you keep going, they&nbsp; will change from a routine to a habit,&nbsp;&nbsp; from a trail to a highway. Don’t get this wrong,&nbsp; the squats will still take you energy to do – but&nbsp;&nbsp; the decision to do them will feel much less like&nbsp; a chore and more like a regular part of your day. While this is simple, it is not easy. Many things you want to turn into habits don’t&nbsp; offer as much instant gratification as wasting&nbsp;&nbsp; time on reddit. To make your new action easier&nbsp; to repeat and more likely to be picked up by&nbsp;&nbsp; the toddler, try to make it pleasurable.&nbsp; Not necessarily by rewarding yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; after you did it, but by making the action&nbsp; or behavior itself more enjoyable. Like only&nbsp;&nbsp; listening to your favorite podcast while&nbsp; working out, or chipping away at your taxes&nbsp;&nbsp; while you wait for civilization to load the next&nbsp; round. You need to figure out what works for you. In principle, that's it. Frustratingly simple, like most things you can&nbsp; do to make your life better. How long it takes&nbsp;&nbsp; for your toddler to take over and establish a&nbsp; habit varies widely. It depends on the behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; you are trying to get used to, what kind of person&nbsp; you are, your stress levels and many more things.&nbsp;&nbsp; It takes anything between 15 and 250&nbsp; days until a new habit is kicked off&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically by its trigger. You won't&nbsp; know how long it will take for you. Starting is the easy part,&nbsp; especially in the first week or two.&nbsp;&nbsp; Continuing to do it every day is the hard&nbsp; part. But it does get easier as you keep going. There are no silver bullets for&nbsp; change. But the science of habits&nbsp;&nbsp; is a reminder that it is possible,&nbsp; no matter how old or young you are.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even if you only end up doing a little more good&nbsp; stuff or a few new things, that’s still a success.&nbsp;&nbsp; Being a little bit more healthy or knowledgable&nbsp; is a million times better than being unhappy about&nbsp;&nbsp; a thing and changing nothing. In the end,&nbsp; change is a direction, not a destination. So now that we hopefully gave you a bit&nbsp; of insight and motivation, this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; moment to sell you a thing! But please know, you&nbsp; do not need to buy anything to work on yourself. Having said that, we struggle with&nbsp; change as much as anyone else,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we created our own habit journal, as much for&nbsp; ourselves as for you. Before we printed anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; we tested it on ourselves and got&nbsp; feedback from the Kurzgesagt team. The idea is for you to track your habit&nbsp; progress for your desired behavior.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is a tutorial part which guides you through&nbsp; the hardest part of the process step by step.&nbsp;&nbsp; You’ll get helpful pointers, reflect on your&nbsp; progress and how you could make things easier for&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself. Once you get through the tutorial part&nbsp; the habit journaling starts, regularly interwoven&nbsp;&nbsp; by examples, science Breaks and reflections that&nbsp; will hopefully keep the journey interesting. Like our Gratitude Journal it is cloth-bound,&nbsp; with an embossed hardcover and printed on&nbsp;&nbsp; high-quality paper. Nice to the touch and&nbsp; with lots of beautiful illustrations this&nbsp;&nbsp; book is compangion on your personal change&nbsp; journey, however small or big it may be. Getting things from our shop is&nbsp; the best way to support Kurzgesagt&nbsp;&nbsp; and what we try to do here on the&nbsp; channel. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kurzgesagt [6900 likes]: If you want a bit of help on your personal change journey, based on our experiences, the science we read, conversations with experts and beautiful illustrations, get our Habit Journal here: https://kgs.link/shop-162
Not only might it make the process easier, you support us so we can do videos like this one and publish them for free.
  2. @Web.Monday [1 likes]: You have to do everyday, and it's so hard, but it's not impossible.
Thanks for ur sharing ❤
  3. @kirkegaming9542: Im happy just playing single player mode
  4. @melastomamalabar: 7:07 lil bro is dancing
  5. @sashasher6287: As a premed student soon applying to medical school, I always come back to this channel when I need inspiration. Thank you for helping me remember the excitement and joy of learning new things
  6. @LucasCai-xb5kv: Am I the only one that noticed that the music takes on the kurzgesagt motif but alters the notes in the melody and occasionally tweek the chords?
  7. @meino6465: This video made me realize a ton of my "habits" are actually routines I'm doing 100% manually. Like unironically I have to consciously think about how to put on a jacket. Guess this is just another autism thing I'll have to deal with...🥲
  8. @RankedDaily-h7i: This was helpful.
  9. @yorknursing-r9s: worst squat forms i have seen
  10. @AYuckiGuy: W
  11. @christa4172: 6:07
  12. @JaviMJTV: I'm about to enter a stage on my life that involves many big changes all at once, I'm hoping I'm able to break them all down into these smaller goals, wish me luck.
  13. @TucanalFavorito-y2h: lets be healthier
  14. @Devlando-nj2lt: Ok but what do I do when I grad high school or any school? How can you manage that stress if your unemployed
  15. @RuiHalili: Before i started watching this video i was telling myself how long is this gonna take? Now that's its over i just want it to last a little longer.😢
  16. @JohnrayBlasUrsal: I feel like Kurzgesagt has a beef with reddit.
  17. @vanessabovee: As an AuDHD person, my routines never turn into habit. I will always have to think about it. It never becomes automatic.
  18. @Torotero: wow nice video, i was wondering what software u use to create this video ?
  19. @Kalbongnaggel: I recommend the book atomic habits
  20. @AAaaa-tf8kq: I always come back to this video. 

I tried to change my life for a few day, but ended up going back😢😢😢
I feel pathetic about myself

- The drawing advice that changed my life: Kind: captions Language: en thanks for tuning and again this video will be covering the best piece of advice that I ever got about drawing in fact the advice that changed my life holy freaking click babe I'm making this video cause the top comment on the last video I made the AMA was about the advice that I shared right at the end and I think I want this channel to have a little bit of that element where there's a bit of utility for other creative people or just other people in general so hope you'll like it buckle-up apologies about the background and handheld mic I'm still in Sri Lanka so we've still got the newsreader in the middle of nowhere vibe for heck let's go in 2016 I was a totally different guy I was still what I'll call creative but I was very very scattered about it and at the time I was working for a guy called Mark Shatner who was an eccentric artist him and his wife Julie would make these dog and rabbit people's sculptures you might have seen them they're pretty stunning and what they do is just that all they do is make these dog and rabbits cultures sometimes they're on a moped they make his paintings homewares you name it now I really liked mark Shatner I really liked what he was about and I was really impressed with the fact that he managed to make art his full-time gig one time I said how many days a week do you make art and he responded without even thinking it was weird he goes all of them and I was like seven and he goes yeah all seven why at the time that blew my mind it wouldn't blow my mind now cuz now I know what it's like to find something that you love enough to do seven days a week where it doesn't even feel like work it feels like a day's wasted if you haven't done it but at the time I was like dude what anyway his passion was super contagious very fun wacky creative guy me though I was kind of young and angsty and I did what young angsty people do best I complained I'd be like mark I didn't get it you're an artist you make all this stuff you've kind of got this whole world this whole stuff that you can just milk and do all the time I feel creative why can't I do that just nice when G language and one day I guess the complaining had got to an all-time high and he gave me a bit of tough love he said Campbell you know what your problem is one day you write a song the next day you write a poem and then the third day you do a drawing and none of it adds up to anything all you're doing is laying a single brick of a million different houses and expecting that one day it'll magically become a mansion it's not gonna happen it hit me like a ton of miss laid bricks man he'd identified the problem perfectly I was scattered Casey Neistat has a little bit about this as well where he says you can do 10 things to like the first degree like this right here and that's how well you'll do all 10 things or you can do one thing to the 10th degree right there and look how much better you do that naturally my next question was all right mark we know what's wrong with me how do I fix it and this is where the advice came in he just said draw the same thing every single day he's like you've got so many mediums I'll pick one for you it's gonna be drawing and what you're gonna do is just draw the exact same thing every single day just try it for a year and then we'll reassess I don't have anything to lose and this guy knew a lot more about Hart than I did so I took his advice the only problem left to solve was what I was gonna draw and as Mark's advice was marinating in my head as I walked home from work I walked through the park but I always walked through and it was full of this one particular bird called the itis you might know the Ibis is the Egyptian god Thoth or if you're from Australia you'll know them as the bin chicken they're a big white bird with a black head who hangs around rubbish bins and eats trash for me they just seemed like the perfect metaphor for humanity we could fly we could do anything we want and yet we roll around and bin juice I loved it once known as the white ibis the species has evolved into a superior scavenger from the city's rooftops the bin chicken has spotted something bins so I went to the pub and I drew this then I drew this then I drew this I ended up drawing nine of irises that night and I posted them to Instagram and I started to going to get a sense that I was building something I started to get a sense that I was laying bricks of the same house that was only the first day the second day rolls around and I drew another Ibis there's not a brick in my house third day another Ibis fourth fifth tens twenty or thirty eighth day I just keep drawing these ibises like mark said and you know what happened I got really bored of drawing ibises but I still wanted to commit to the advice so I was like well shoot if I'm going to draw irises I may as well make them interesting screwed I'm gonna add chokes so I start adding jokes to the irises just little comments about my city little bits of social commentary and I get really into that I get really into the social commentary that comes along with the irises to the point where the irises by the hundredth iris just starts to take a bit of a backseat to said social commentary and it's at this point that I realized the brilliance of Mark Shatner's advice he wasn't telling me to draw an iris he was just telling me to start because once I start only then will I find the thing that I'm looking for but I would never have got there if I hadn't drawn the eye this every single day and this is true for work this is true for like dating versus committing yourself to one person friendship everything like really focusing and investing yourself into something you're passionate about will always yield better results then scattering yourself around and spreading yourself thin so that's the best bit of advice that I've ever saved but why is it so good well I've put it down to four raisins the first quantity leads to quality I've said this before I mean it's the reason that my videos are now gonna be 70% instead of 100% perfect I just truly believe that and for me to approach quantity I had to take out the decision-making process of what to draw which mark Shanna did so eloquently so the second reason that I really like this advice is because it promotes constraints for creativity once again we'll look at the blank page the blank page is one of the most freakishly intimidating things we've all been there we've all stared at it we've all tapped it with our pens it's very very annoying but compare a blank page with a blank page that says draw an Ibis or a blank page that says draw a robot or a flying horse or any kind of tight brief immediately having a constraint lets you know exactly what you're going to be doing which leads me to the third reason action comes before motivation it's not the other way around I think there's this myth that motivation leads to action that you've gotta wait for some sort of moment of inspiration that strikes you like lightning from the gods but it's the other way around firstly you need to act and only then will you find your motivation so for me I needed to draw every single day and I needed to build up that habit before I could probably be motivated to draw what I actually felt like drawing now the fourth and final reason that this was incredible advice I was using thinking as a form of procrastination there's a story about a donkey who wants some hay and want some water but the donkey doesn't know which one to go to first so the donkey looks at the hay looks at the water looks at the hay looks at the water I'm a hungry and my thirsty and my hungry and my thirsty and eventually the donkey dies of dehydration what a dumb donkey I was the donkey I was dumb I was like should I make this should I make that should I make this and you know what I didn't start but I felt productive because I was thinking about it but thinking about stuff is not doing stuff it's the complete opposite of doing stuff and I was in a trap with this deliberation and this pondering and his questioning in this thinking the strategizing and debating all felt like they were moving me forward but they weren't and Mark Shatner's advice of just draw one thing every day got me out of that I think if you're only good at one thing that's what you do and with both of us it wasn't as though you know it had to be art it was that we were particularly good at anything else so there it is some advice I hope it resonates with you I hope particularly in this time of January when productivity is an all-time high we're all a little bit drunk off New Year's resolutions and the feeling of reinventing yourself in 2020 and all this new decade kind of hype I hope that the advice can help you um translate some of that into action let me know what you thought hope you liked the 70% video vibe once again stuck to the weekly upload gonna see if I can make a whole year of it I'm kind of excited by the challenge who knows who knows we'll see how we go until I'm back at home I can't really do any more drawing videos because I don't have all the equipment so hopefully you don't mind the talking to camera vibe hopefully there's still some value in it subscribe if you unless you didn't like it in which case go for a run gotcha you thought it was over but there's one last thing that I want to show you when I was drawing all those irises there was part of me that wanted to expect there was a part of me that wanted to bring the ibis drawings to life plus earlier I did say watch to the end so here it is the first ever animation I made of an Ibis hey what's up judges from Australian Ivers my name is Tosh I'm from Newcastle but now I live in Newtown so it's kind of like nuit de nuit snapchat hi Tasha and get her haha a little bit about me I play guitar I love music I love she gaze and mostly I play covers and mostly I play covers of no diggity so I think that I should be on Australian Ivor's because I really represent what's going on right now in second year psych students like this kind of like undercurrent of like you know ah you use it creative collective it's like I think that like my generation is kind of like on it and I feel like I'm really honest so I think that if Australian hiatus was like lentils anything in Dubai what do you think it's worth I would probably win but I know it's no no it's like a democracy and stuff because it's like whatever but anyway thanks for watching I hope you found something this video that makes me want to put me on the show love - snapchat - Caze love a vinyl instead of wood [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SonjaSophieSonnenscheinDI: Coming across this in may 2026. After watching tons of videos about mindset, creativity, neurodiversity and so on in the last 10 years. This one is the absolutely best advice and way of presenting it. Greetings from Germany. Thanks for your art of being.
  2. @BurningBlackScarlet: I think this advice will actually work for me ;w; I am going to start drawing penguins every day until I feel confident in my skills again. Thank you
  3. @craigbrown6797: That talking to the camera vibe sorta worked out.
  4. @mammadingo9165: 7:52 still resonates mate 👍👍👍
  5. @jijikirilova3257: Honestly solid advice
  6. @KatiePatrickHello: Sing this to the tune of "Riders for the Storm": 
Ibis in the rain . . . 
they all look the same . . . 
with a tiny little brain . . .
  7. @anditgoesneat11: this is one video I keep thinking about year after year. Coming back to watch. Thanks for the video
  8. @adamphelps9612: I guess this is good advice if you only want to do one thing, like if all you've ever wanted to do is draw. But I like to draw. I do martial arts. I play music. And I'm fine with being passable at most of them, better at some (martial arts) than others (drawing). "A jack of all trades is a master of none, but often times better than a master of one.” It's more fun, too. Being a dilettante is way less boring than being a specialist. At least it is for me.
  9. @tumblingrosesstudio: Sending gratitude 🙏
  10. @kytitreets: Ive searched for my passion for years. I used to get super envious of others who got to make a living off their passion. It looked so much fun, invigorating, and healing. After a ton of trial and error I came to the conclusion that my passion is creating things. 😂 I dove into so many ways of creating stuff not caring what I created. I just liked how I could create. You talking about laying tons of bricks expecting to get a house really struck me. I see this is why I haven't found my passion beyond creating. I've created so much using different mediums that I haven't given myself enough time to find one that I can be good at it. When I get mad at it I rage quit and don't pick it back up for a long time if ever. My most recent rage quit was writing my own life story. I got very angry cause I had writers block not knowing what to say next. I got angry saying "how could I not know what the next information is! ITS MY STORY!" (Come to find out the reason I couldn't find the information is cause I was writing about my mom's story and I didn't know her information 😅) After research on how to get beyond writers block it helped me get back into writing
  11. @N3Selina: and here i thought drawing the same character was a bad thing....
i want to branch out if i can, but i just love that one character too much...
  12. @SARS-COW-228: finally
  13. @Biancas_CornerStudio: This was the most helpful video I’ve found. Thank you 🙏🏼
  14. @bontolartolodon663: That Monogatari editing style is actually really good
  15. @Keeloheikkola: So, 5 years later, I am taking this advice today!
  16. @stiffmiddlefingers: Coming up on 2026 and this advice is still the most solid advice I have ever heard. as a serial doodler I have settled on ghosts being the one thing I feel most connected to, so I draw almost exclusively ghosts and have found the same thing to be true- my creativity really stretches the most when it's confined. My ghosts have gone from being ghosts to telling silent stories, having their own hobbies and doing their own thing 😂 And now theyre looking to be in books! I am so thankful for you, Struth. Thanks for all the advice over the years 🖤
  17. @InevitableUniverse: I'm weirdly embarrassed to say I might be addicted to re watching your videos 😂
  18. @keldalea-lagrenade6614: I ran across this video by accident...I am an artist and get intimidated by the blank page...and it presents as procrastination but it's really overthinking.  That donkey parable hit home...THANK YOU...I'll subscribe and let you know what your advice manifested.
  19. @Larry: Lol,  Bin Chicken,   that's quite possibly the most Aussie thing I've ever heard! :D

We only have Foxes, Badgers, the neighbour's cat, and Seagulls after our bins. :(
  20. @josephp8735: I'm beginning my public creative endeavor. How do I chose a channel name?

- How Content Creation Completely Changed My Life in 90 Days: Kind: captions Language: en Content creation completely changed my life in 90 days, and I know that sounds insane, especially coming from someone who spent over a decade failing at this exact thing. And I'm talking about failed channels, zero views, businesses that went nowhere or barely got off the ground. And then in 90 days, everything flipped. I went from grinding a pharmacy job with $300,000 in student loan debt to making 10,000 plus dollars a month from YouTube. And today, I'm going to break down exactly what happened in those 90 days, why it worked, and the lessons that could do the same thing for you. Now, if you appreciate me sharing this type of content, gently tap that like button, and let's jump into it right now. Now, before I talk about the 90 days, I need to give you context, because the 90 days only make sense when you understand what came before it. My very first YouTube video was uploaded back in 2008. I started a channel about the video game Runescape. At the time, I was obsessed with it, and I uploaded YouTube videos about it, and then I quit. Over the next 10 years, I started more channels. These channels were about a bunch of different subjects. Life hacks, pharmacy school advice, study skills, one-minute videos. And every single time, it was the same pattern. Upload a few videos, don't get instant results, quit. And then, in 2017, I finally created what would become the Shane Hummus channel. But even then, I uploaded a random review video in December 2017 and disappeared. Then I came back in early 2018, posted a couple of videos, and quit again. And then, early 2019, same thing. Every year, it was like new year, new me. And then I'd quit after a couple videos. Now, here's what I didn't understand at the time. Every channel I started had the same fatal flaw. The name was locked into a specific topic. My Runescape channel had a very Runescape specific name. My other channels were named after whatever niche I was in at the time, which meant the second I wanted to pivot, I was stuck. I had trapped myself every single time before I even started. And then, in late 2019, I made a different decision. Not just to start again, but to do it right. The first thing I did was to restructure the channel. Instead of naming it after a topic, I had already named it after myself, Shane Hummus. And this is huge, because a personal brand name means that you can talk about anything you want. And I did. Career advice, how to save money, how to choose the right college degree, how to write a business grant, how to apply for grants from the government, business, money, etc. Doesn't matter. The name doesn't lock you into anything. And the second thing I did was commit. Not, "I'll try this for a couple weeks." Actually commit. Consistent uploads, no quitting. And the third thing, I finally had a mentor. I met a guy named Sam who had built a six-figure YouTube business around wedding photography. And he taught me something that I had never understood before. YouTube is not a creative outlet, it's a business. And when I started treating it like one, gray bedsheet studio, cheapest camera I could find, real systems, everything changed. Oh, and by the way, if you're confused about what niche to pick on YouTube, or basically just how to get started in general, I actually made a GPT that's trained specifically on how to help you pick your niche. And I'll be giving that GPT away at the free live training that I'm doing this week. So, click the link in the description and the pin comment below to attend that. Oh, and you can also ask me any questions you want, and I'll give a step-by-step training on how to get started. And it's completely free, and it's a one-time event, so don't miss out on it. Now, back to the content. So, part three is the 90 days. And here's what actually happened in those 90 days. I set up my studio, gray bedsheet, basic camera, basic mic, and I started recording. Now, here's something most people get wrong about YouTube. They think the goal is to make a great video. It's not. The goal is to find the right idea and then execute it. Because a mediocre video on the right idea will beat a masterpiece on the wrong idea every single time. And I had been making videos on the wrong ideas for 10 years. So, I changed my approach entirely. Instead of making videos I thought were interesting, I started looking for videos that were already working on smaller channels. Videos with way more views than the channel subscriber count should allow. That is a signal. That's a hungry audience being served bad content, and my job was to show up with something better. And that's exactly how the most useless degrees video happened. I found a video on a 10,000 subscriber channel that had 700,000 views. The thumbnail was a blurry still frame. The video was someone just rambling. And the only reason it went viral was the idea. So, I made a better version, better thumbnail, better structure, better delivery, and that video now has over 4 million views. >> What's happening, guys? It's Shane here. So, I posted a video the other day on how you can choose the best college degree for you, and a few things came to my attention. >> And that's when the 90 days started paying off. Because here's what happened next. The channel started getting subscribers. Affiliate links in my description started converting, and I started doing one-on-one coaching calls. AdSense, affiliate marketing, one-on-one coaching, three income streams, all from the same content. And within 90 days of actually committing, I was making $10,000 a month. All right, quick break. This week, I'm doing a one-time only workshop where I talk about how to finally make money from youtube.com in 2026. And you can check it out down the description and the pin comment below. At this workshop, I'm going to be giving away the niche validator pro completely free. This is a GPT powered by a piece of software that I've been working on for a long time now, and it's been trained on thousands of hours of my teaching, coaching sessions, and more. So, you don't have to spend years to pick a profitable niche. You can do it in a matter of minutes. Heck, it's even possible to do it in seconds sometimes. And I'm going to be giving this away at the workshop, so make sure you click the link in the description, and then show up to the workshop. And the best way to do that is to make sure you add it to your calendar once you've signed up for it. So, you basically just click add this to your calendar once you're on the thank you page after you've registered. And it'll show up as either Google, Apple, or Outlook calendar, whatever calendar you have. So, you can make sure you won't miss the chance to grab the niche validator pro completely free. And you'll also be able to ask me questions live, so I look forward to meeting you. Can't wait to see you there. I'm going to be showing you this new opportunity. It's completely free, and it's amazing whether you basically want to use it to get a better job, use it to network, use it to make some passive income, start a side hustle, make a full-time income, or even start a full on business. It works incredibly well with all of those, and it's completely free. So, make sure you click the link in the description, and then show up to the workshop. And now back to your regularly scheduled content. All right, next let me break down the three things that actually made the 90 days work, because none of this was luck. Lesson one is name your channel so that you can pivot. Every channel I started before 2019 was named after a topic, and that trapped me. When your channel is named after yourself or a flexible brand name, you can change direction anytime you want without starting over. That one structural decision is the difference between building an asset and building a dead end. Because the truth is, you're a growing, breathing human being, and you want to set your channel up in such a way where as you evolve, your channel can evolve with you. Lesson two, find the right idea before you make the video. Consistency matters, but consistency without strategy is just organized failure. I have seen channels with 400 videos and 400 subscribers. That's not a consistency problem, that's a strategy problem. And the hot dog method is what changed this for me. Find a hungry audience being served bad content. Show up with something better. You don't need to be the best creator, you just need to be better than whoever is currently filling that gap. Lesson three, stack your income from day one. Most new YouTubers wait for AdSense, and that's a mistake. AdSense is the floor, not the ceiling. And from the very beginning, I had affiliate links in every description, and I was offering coaching calls. Those two things meant that I was making money before my channel was even monetized. So, don't just build one income stream, build three from the start. Test things out, see which one works the best, and then that one you can double down on. So, here's the reality. I spent over 10 years failing at this. And then in 90 days, it completely changed my life. And the channel is now at 1.5 million subscribers. And on this channel, we've done over a million dollars in a single month before. And none of that happens without the 90-day window in late 2019. And none of that 90-day window works without the three things that I just walked you through. So, if you want help building this correctly from the start, I have two ways to work with me. Number one is completely free. Join the free live training this week by clicking the link in the description and the pin comment below. On this free live training, we'll be giving away an AI that will help you pick the right niche. I'll be telling you step-by-step exactly how to start on YouTube, and I'll even answer any question that you have on YouTube. Number two, if you're serious and you want to work directly with myself and my team in a one-on-one coaching capacity, then book a call in the description and the pin comment below. Or it might be in the about section on the channel if it's not down there, because we have very limited spots. In fact, we're only accepting about three to five people in right now, and we only work with people who are very serious about growing and making money on YouTube, and they want to start now. And typically, the types of people we work with are business owners who want to grow and make money on YouTube, YouTubers who are crushing it and they want to crush it even harder, YouTubers that are getting views but they're struggling with monetization, or YouTubers who are beginners they haven't had any success on YouTube yet, but they want to treat it like a business. Right? That is the common thread with all of my success stories is they treat YouTube like a business. So, if any of those are you, go ahead and click that link to apply. And on the call, we'll figure out where you are right now, where you want to be, and we'll make a plan to get you there fast. We are selective about who we work with. We only accept about 18% of people apply. So, if you're ready, go apply now. And if you want to see a real example of what's possible, my brother was a 50-year-old HVAC guy with zero tech experience, and he followed this exact system, and his first video got 136,000 views in a month. He was monetized in 19 days. On day 29, he had a $214 day, and around 6 months later, he had a $512 day. That's a $186,000 year run rate. So, check out that case study by clicking right here, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yujita [4 likes]: I still not giving up on my channel and I'm already 4 years within that said channel.
  2. @NateSmith-i1t [3 likes]: Ima follow more of ur tips bro ❤
  3. @ShaneHummus [2 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/livepincom-05-21-2026
🚀 Apply For 1:1 YouTube Coaching: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/ytpincom-05-21-2026
  4. @DayrusOSRS [1 likes]: Bro is a fellow scaper. +1 Respect.
  5. @primrose64au [1 likes]: Early part sounds like me, ha!  I'm hanging in there though.
  6. @OldmanBlueReal [1 likes]: Posting has changed my out look on  life and people on jobsite told me aswell.
  7. @Diana-JoyceZale: You were a pharmacist? Cool!
  8. @Itisme-007: Shane I like ur videos but u u keep talking about the hot dog method in every video and promoting ur webinar twice in a 9 min video, this might work for new leads and viewers but us OGs we are here for u and ur knowledge my friend, we already know about ur hot dog method and webinar and we want to learn more. I check ur channel every day because I want to learn new things from u but I keep seeing the same info...Can you please teach us new methods? thanks!
  9. @WitnessesoftheFaith: I've had a couple of breakout videos, but since then it seems I get fewer and fewer views. My most recent upload only got 6 views. It's discouraging.
  10. @Patrick-k9j2l: Never take anything for granted. It can all be gone overnight like us. We worked over 20 years building a farm,house business etc and lost it all due to a hit and run semi. 7 surgeries 3 months in ICU $2.2 million in medical bills underinsured and lost it all. Now I’m trying to survive on $488 per month disability. Don’t be like us. Now I’m trying to build back one day at a time
  11. @ThePsycheLedgerofficial: Am trying but difficult.but i won't give up on my YouTube
  12. @paulrose319: 🤣 ground hog day🤣
  13. @elizabethw.454: The training requires phone number?
  14. @fazlurraqeebsyed4115: Can you do an updated degree tier list? specifically for bachelors

- How the way you watch movies affects your life: Kind: captions Language: en - So this may sound weird but I promise it'll start to make sense eventually. So I sort of observed the other day that there are two different ways that people watch movies. The first group of people, they get home from work, they're pretty tired so they sit on the couch. They have a Netflix subscription, so they throw a movie on. Doesn't really matter what it is as long as it's sort of stimulating. There'll be on their phone, there'll be eating something, and they're just, sort of, they have the movie on. It's just there for them. Group number two operates completely differently. When they watch a movie it's a lot more intentional. Maybe they looked up some reviews on IMDB, or maybe they heard from a friend that was supposed to be really good. So they make a night out of it. They invite some friends over or they just watch it themselves with headphones in. But they're actively engaged the whole time. I call this active movie watching. Now, being the film nerd that I am, I fall into group number two. I very rarely just put on a movie for the sake of putting on a movie. I really like film and I'm really engaged in it. And I like the formalistic quality of it. Now, as snobbish as this makes me sound, the point of this video, isn't to flex on you about how cultured I am, but to explain a point. The difference between passive engagement and active engagement, and how getting them wrong can actually really damage your entire lifestyle, your relationships with others, and your work and everything. Basically, your whole life can be ruined if you don't get this right. Being actively engaged with something increases the quality of the thing that you're engaged with. Whether it's your work, a conversation, active engagement is better almost every single time. But there's a problem. Active engagement requires willpower and willpower is a finite resource. So it's difficult, if not impossible, to be actively engaged with every single thing throughout the entire day, all day, every single day. You're gonna completely burnout. A great example of this is we all know a guy like Tom. Tom spends a lot of time at work. He's doing really well in his career, and he's actively engaged with the problems at work. Work problems. That's what problems at work are called. He's trying hard. He's climbing the ladder. But he also has a family, and by the time he gets home he's so burnt out from work that he sits on the couch, passively watching some TV, cracks open a beer. You know, maybe his wife wants to talk about some problems that she's having in her life and he doesn't really, you know, he's not really listening at all, or trying to offer any sort of help. Maybe his son comes up to him and says, "Dad, can we play outside? Can we throw the Frisbee?" And he's, you know, "Not today son." And sometimes you do need a day like this. Maybe you can't be super engaged with your family every time you get home from work. But for a lot of people like Tom, this is every single day and compounded over weeks, months, and years, this can really put a strain on the relationships in your life. So perhaps you can relate to Tom in your own kind of way. Maybe you're spending a lot of energy on things that you don't really care about, things that you don't enjoy, and things that you find ultimately unfulfilling, which leaves you with next to no energy for the things that are actually important in your life. So what's the solution? Do you just quit your job and sit in your house in a meditative state, waiting for your wife and kids to come home? The solution is to become better at mental energy management or MEM. So here are just a couple of ways to better manage your mental energy. Number one is to take a survey of your typical day. What do you do at work? What are your tasks at work? What do you do when you get home? And then figure out how much attention each of those things really needs? So obviously, there are things at work that actually do require your full attention. Especially if you have a job that has a lot of creative problem-solving. But most jobs also have areas which don't require that much energy, like writing an email or answering a phone call, sweeping the floors. Things that you can really sort of mentally disengage from. Write all that stuff down. Figure out what things are important, what things you can engage with, and what things you can disengage with. But that's sort of the precursor to the actual tips that I have, and I have four of them. So tip number one is to take more restorative breaks. One thing that I've noticed is that when I'm actively engaged with my most important work, say I am video editing a very creative, say it's like a wedding video or a corporate video, I pretty much have to be all there when I'm doing that. But when I take a break, I make a critical mistake, and a lot of the time I just browse Reddit or I watch YouTube or I do something like that. I go on social media on my phone. And that continues to work away at my brain. It's not actually restorative. I'm still mentally engaged with whatever's in front of me. And it's taxing. It's not actually relaxing. What I should be doing is going for a walk, meditating, taking a nap, maybe making myself a snack. All of these things cause you to unplug and it sort of heals your brain in a way. Things like browsing Reddit keeps your mind busy, and by the end of the day, you're gonna be so pooped out all you're gonna wanna do is be a zombie in front of a TV and breathe air. So tip number two is to force yourself to physically and mentally relax during less important tasks. Now, this one sounds kind of weird but it actually works really well. So say you have something like a menial email that you're supposed to write for an unimportant client, or say you're sweeping the floors or something, or making a sandwich, whatever your job is. It's the part of the job that doesn't require a lot of thought. What you should do is relax your body when you're doing it. Relax your body and mind and sort of ease, float, be free. (laughs) Now, this may sound like a little bit of woo-woo crap, but it's certainly not. Listen to me. Believe me. Actually, you don't have to believe me if you don't want. But what you can't deny is that our physiology and psychology are intimately linked in ways we can't even fully comprehend yet. What affects the body often affects the mind and vice versa. When you relax in your seat, when you are just a little bit more lackadaisical in your posture, you can mentally relax as well. So if you're stressed out writing an email and you're angry at the client, and you're really rigid, that's gonna mentally wear you out so fast you don't even realize it. Instead, when you're doing less important stuff that doesn't require too much of your attention, just take it easy. Maybe play some spa music. Get someone lower down in the company to give you a little foot rub. And just, you know, be a douche. It's not that hard of work. So don't treat it like hard work. Treat it like a little mini-vacation before your actual restorative breaks. Now tip number three is probably the most important one. And that is to be more intentional with how actively engaged you are with the work that requires your attention. So for me, that's video editing. So when I sit down to edit, I should be focused. Like really, really focused. And I shouldn't break that focus. Be very, very efficient with my time so that it can be over with quicker. And that's the key here. Being really, really efficient in the time that you do have in your most important work can get it over with quicker so that you have more time to just relax, saving mental energy for the things that are important in your life. Delegate a parcel of time that you dedicate fully to unadulterated productivity. Screw multitasking. I'm talking about diving into one thing with your full attention and being maximally effective. If you learn to do that for like two or three hours and you enter this deep workspace, you can get more done than you ever knew possible. Not only that, but it's over with quicker. So the rest of your day can be a breeze. Now, tip number four. And this is kind of the obvious one. But it's barely a tip. It's more like a reminder. And that is just to take care of your health. Obviously, if you're not getting enough sleep every night then you're not gonna have the mental energy or willpower to focus on the important things in your life. And mental energy management just won't work. All right, that's it, guys. So really take mental note or a physical note as to when you're being more passively engaged and when you're being more actively engaged and figure out if it's congruent with your actual values. If you liked this video, make sure to hit like because when you hit like the algorithm blesses me with, you know, shoving this video in other people's faces. So it helps them out, it helps the video rank better. And if you're lurking here, and this is a couple of times that you've seen my face and you haven't hit subscribe yet, hitting subscribe really helps me out. And especially if you hit that bell icon so that you're notified when I release a new video. It's all helpful. I wanna do this as a full-time job. And once that's actually feasible for me the quality of these videos is gonna increase so much. I can't wait for what I'm able to create for you guys. I wanna do like long-form documentaries as well. I'm almost there. I can almost do YouTube full time. Appreciate your guys' support. Definitely write a comment down below to let me know what you want to see in the future, or you know, be one of those thousands of people who comment the fact that I somehow look like Mark Zuckerberg. I still don't see it at all. Bros not even bald. I'd honestly prefer it if people started calling me Jason Statham, but I don't have the jawline yet. Yet? That sounds like I'm working on my jawline. Orthotropics. Yeah, I'm mewing. (laughs)

  Top Comments:
  1. @betterideas [6500 likes]: For the record, I’m not mewing...






or am I
  2. @loganm8654 [1 likes]: I don't like the title, it's not "How the way you watch movies affects your life"... 

It's more "How the way you live your life affects watching movies"

Cause he just keeps on talking on how daily life affect watching movies and not how watching movies affects life
  3. @MovingWithTheCosmos [1 likes]: Came here, leaned. Thank you. I love the sign.
  4. @KnoXpert [1 likes]: I am very active and focused on video editing, but because of that, my body system has become disturbed. I don’t feel hungry and eat irregularly. Even while eating, my mind is constantly thinking about the next YouTube video I want to create. As a result, I’m facing health issues, my digestive system is affected, and I often feel lazy or fatigued.

I sit in front of my computer all day. For relaxation, I usually scroll through TikTok or Google, but I don’t walk or engage in any physical activity.

But from now on, I will completely fix this by following your video.
Thank you!
  5. @lmjk742: When it's night time watching a movie that so interesting and on the side of your view it's just the bright light of the phone that your friend is watching through the entire movie ,so it throws you off 😭
  6. @jujapan4457: Imagination (and research) Required!
You are every person in your dreams.  Could it be the same in the movies you watch?  What about attention?
It sounds like the attention in question leads to a different future than you are in currently.  If you don't want to be where you are, should you be somewhere else?  Do you need someone else to come to you?   Are you searching for answers that have been hinted "at you" that you didn't know are available for you anyway...in a dictionary...or book...or person.  I mean connection is majorly important to some people and other people fade into the background.  Attachment is like that.  Write to your friends.  They'll keep what they kill. In other words, "They keep the words they love in their minds."  
I wonder. If all places on the map love you, what would you like to see there?  Did people go before you?  After you?  Are you lost?  Follow directions, and you may need to lie truthfully.  I'm just saying, contracts are ruthless with fairies who don't forgive unless you ask.
Q: I wonder who loves God?  A: Jesus of Nazareth, whose given name was Immanuel on earth.  I wonder if all the patterns in the world would happen again.  Would the stars be the same?  Would we remember?  I would stay the same for my children. 
How in your own life would you believe that fairies are real?  Is it possible that an Angel could pretend for children?  
Honesty in reporting guys!  If they want to be there, they will absolutely keep faith with everyone. Protections are not imaginary with my own life.  God is the master of time, space, paint, face, organs, dimension and attention.  I get memory loss too.  Some people have eidetic memory, almost like a computer.  I don't know those people...not very happy people.  Are they forgiving?
I decided to forgive the one who harmed me, and I knew it was me.  My memories are new.  My feelings are new.  Every Morning they become different due to magnetic interference.  Imagine astrology as the original scientific "hocum"?  Is that the reference?  What about psychology?  Which one has more followers that aren't obligated?  Stare at the goat! Lads you're getting somewhere!
Fear Not! We Go To!  
Mars! In Jesus Name!
Love Judy (letter writer).  
Postscript (P.S.)
Mars Needs Jesus Freaks!  
Prerogative acquired!

Not perfectly accurate, but funny!  I bet Jesus could break the record for the most fans on Facebook. They all look like him.  They all have the potential for thumbs in Jesus' name!  I think far in the future.  Mars needs Time Lords too!
PPS
The guy wanted active engagement!  So there!
  7. @2P2G5C: I've gotten into active movie watching after being an active music listener for many years. Even though Prog songs can be 20 minutes long, movies definitely take   more attention.  I've come to love the cult classic selection in tubi
  8. @DonaldDiaz-i1w7k: Takk for innholdet!
  9. @RoyWillis-i8i: Topp, fortsätt i samma anda
  10. @welu_v: I really needed to hear that
  11. @Saber23: You don’t have a right to tell anybody how to watch movies with your shitty taste 😂
  12. @topsy2973: Like im a passive watcher, where i will throw on a movie I Want To watch, on my laptop, and sew, organize, get ready, declutter, draw, anything really that (i try to) doesn't require my full attention, so i watch and "be productive"..... 😅
  13. @SayanMondal-fifapro: But broo, you do look like Mark Zuckerberg if he shaved his hair lol, 
Jokes aside, this video was great, I really learnt from it, thank youuuuuuu
  14. @elyisus8145: Thank you bro! really good advice :)
  15. @phyliciajoykloes: I appreciate this! Thank you for sharing.
  16. @godsfavorite7506: What’s your acc on letterbox?
  17. @thefrenchcanadianwolfman8228: I'm actively engaged in watching Godzilla vs. the Astro Monster
  18. @desiactor07: 👌👏👏👏
  19. @Isthisevenreal_itis: You. Are. Hot.
  20. @xxsnow_angelxx3953: I stopped watching movies all together when I noticed the zombie mode because I really liked to watch.  Now I properly intentionally do it. Although be aware of reading too much reviews that u don't get to actually😅😅 have time for it.

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @snipitclipx: Hoping to go viral too
  3. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  4. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  6. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  7. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  8. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  9. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  10. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  11. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  12. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  13. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  14. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  15. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  16. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  17. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  18. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  19. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  20. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much

- How YouTube Wants You to Make Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en Going viral with YouTube shorts has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy. So, if you want to see explosive growth with your YouTube shorts this year, you need to master these two metrics that YouTube really cares about. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what you should measure, monitor, and improve to make your shorts go viral. So, whenever you post a YouTube short, is this a problem that you see? Do most of your shorts maybe look like this where you have like a spike in views at the beginning. It begins to flatline. You maybe get a couple thousand views, maybe a couple hundred. You get your one subscriber and your 41 cents of YouTube ad revenue, right? So, it kind of is underwhelming and you're like, why did I spend all this time making a short? But more specifically, you're wondering like about this weird thing at the beginning. Why does this happen? Right? You get this spike in views at the beginning and then it just completely flatlines. Well, something actually is happening in here that's really important. And this is called the trial phase. So YouTube is actually testing your video, your short in the first 24 to 48 hours. And this is an example and a case study of what that might look like in the first day. So we can see this is a video that I posted on my personal YouTube channel. And within the first hour, we get a little spike in views. It's not much, but YouTube is testing this with an initial wave of audience. Maybe my subscribers, maybe a few people that don't subscribe to me as well. And that's the first test. And actually with this video, there was a couple tests. Now, you won't always see two tests in the first, you know, couple days of your video. You might only see one test, but it did send it through a second wave of testing here at about hour 18 of this video being live. And within the first 24 hours, it did 10,000 views, got 13 subscribers and 36 cents in ad revenue. I'm rolling in it with that 36 cents, let me tell you. But of course, the question is, what is YouTube testing during this trial phase? Well, they're actually testing two key metrics that we're going to deep dive into this video and talk about how you can improve them. The first is swipe away rate and the second is average percentage viewed. These are absolutely the two most important metrics you need to know about if you want your shorts to go viral. So, let's spend some time deep diving into swipeway rate and how we can improve this metric. So, what even is swipeway rate, right? So, it measures how quickly a viewer is swiping away from your short. And if you're a Tik Tok user, if you use Instagram reels or even YouTube shorts, you've you've done the doom scroll, right? Where you're sitting there, you're going through video after video, but YouTube is actually measuring all this data. So if you are presented with a video in front of you, and within like a second you decide, ah, no, this video is not for me, and you swipe away, that is the swipeway rate. So you want a low swipeway rate percentage. If too many people are leaving within the first two to three seconds, YouTube is going to stop pushing that video to the broader YouTube community and your short is not going to pick up any steam. If you have a high swipeway rate, meaning a lot of people are swiping away from your video and not choosing to watch it, you have a very, very low chance of virality. Now, here's a couple examples of some swipeway percentages. So, on the left side here, we have what I call like the icebergs. You see the icebergs over here? It's cold. You don't want to see these percentages. Over 52% of people are choosing to swipe away. So over half of people when they're presented with that short are like, "Nah, this short's not for me. I'm going to swipe away to the next one." On the inverse though, these fire emojis over here, this is a fire swipeway percentage. Over 72% of people are choosing to view and only 28% are choosing to swipe away. So ideally, you want low swipeway rates that are going to increase your chances of virality. A basic rule of thumb here. If you can get 70% of people to view your short instead of swipe away, so keeping that swipe away below 30% is going to be really helpful. A quick word from today's sponsor, Riverside. Riverside is a platform that lets you capture studio quality content from anywhere. I'm literally recording in my home office right now and my kids are going crazy downstairs. And this still all looks and sounds really good because Riverside can record up to 4K video with uncompressed audio. It's also super easy to record and collaborate with guests. They don't need to download any apps. They can just tap a link on their browser and then they instantly are ready to start recording. One of my favorite features is the separate audio and video tracks for each speaker. This is a lifesaver. If your guest's dog starts barking or their kids start running in, you can actually just mute their audio track in particular without messing up your audio. And Riverside doesn't just stop at recording. It also has a very easy built-in editing workflow that's flexible and really fast. You can even edit by deleting words in the transcript, and the video will update automatically. Plus, right after recording, you can generate captions and clips optimized for YouTube shorts, Tik Toks, and Instagram reels, all directly in the app. It's the ultimate all-in-one tool for content creation. And so if you're a creator or business owner at any stage who wants professional quality without the headache, you've got to check out Riverside. So if you want to give it a try, go ahead and visit the link down in the description and use code think media at checkout to get one month free of their pro plan. Now that brings us to the second very important metric, which is average percentage viewed. And basically average percentage viewed or APV as the abbreviation would be is pretty straightforward. It's how much of your short people are actually watching. And YouTube specifically wants them to watch 80% or more of the total runtime of that short. So if viewers are not sticking around for long enough, YouTube's just going to decide this short is not engaging. It's not retaining people's attention. And that's like the number one goal of YouTube. They want people to spend time on the platform. So if they're only watching like a few seconds of your video, YouTube's not going to serve up that video to many more people. We do have a couple examples we can show you. The iceberg's return on the left side. This is numbers we don't want to see, right? We don't want to see a 52% average percentage view. That means they're only watching about half of our short and then they're swiping on to the next short. We don't want to see that. On the inverse though, look at the fire emojis are back. We got a 95% average percentage viewed. So, if the average view duration, you can see right here, is 26%. That means that this video's total runtime is probably only about 27 seconds or 26 and a half seconds and they're watching almost the entire thing. Now, we can look at this data all we want, but there's no better way to learn than looking at some successful short examples and learning from those. So, let's take a look at this one right here from the main Think Media channel. This short got 4.8 million views, got us 4,000 subscribers and a couple hundred in ad revenue. But, let's check it out. >> Have you guys heard of that channel, Dad? How do I do you guys know how many subscribers he got in his first month? 1 million subscribers in his first month. The guy's in his mid-50s. So, he says, "Today, I'm going to show you what to do if you have a leak in the plumbing." What a sweet man. I love this man. Secretly, I have no clue how to fix my plumbing when it leaks. Other people need to watch this as well. Cool. For that, the mission is more about I wish I had a father like him growing up that taught me how to do this, right? People connect with that. People connect emotionally to a mission. >> I love this short. I think it's a great example of different tactics you can apply like split screen effects or captioning or an engaging story. So, there's reasons why, and we'll talk about those in just a few minutes as to why this video went viral. But we can look at those back-end analytics and see it's got a 98% average percentage viewed as well as only a 25% swipe away rate. Here's another example from my personal channel that did 220,000 views and got me a couple hundred subscribers. And this is also like a different style. It's more of like a joke. This video is a joke, by the way. I don't actually need to bring this many cameras to a wedding, but you'll see. These are all the cameras I have to bring for a wedding. Instax Mini because I mean, come on, it's a wedding. The Sony A1 because I want the best for my clients. Full-size Instaxs because widescreen rules. RX100 for super high frame rate. An EX6 because I need a camera for YouTube reviews. Another Instax because these things are so unreliable. A Super Eight film camera because clients think it's cool. A backup Super Eight because these are also unreliable. An A6000 for the Grimsman that thinks he's a photographer. A full-size VHS camera because I can charge more. And whatever other cameras will fit in my bag. Honestly, I usually only bring like two or three cameras to a wedding at most, but I just thought this would be a funny concept and would drive retention, and it absolutely did. Average percentage viewed, 96.5%. And again, we're right around the same swipeway percentage with only 25% choosing to swipe away. Here's one more example from one of our Video Ranking Academy students. Her name is Deianne. And if you did not know, we actually have an online course called Video Ranking Academy where we teach you the best strategies for growing on YouTube and monetizing your channel and having a sustainable business model. And if you're curious about joining other creators like Deianne in our video ranking academy course, you can check out thinkv.com or I'll also link it down in the description below so you can check that out. >> I love a good whitening toothpaste and I have my Philips Sonicare toothbrush. So let's see a little before and after. All right. What do you think? Actually, it does look whiter. That's pretty awesome. Plus, I like the taste of it. I'm not a big super mint person, and this one's like a light mint flavor. So, I like it. I think you're going to like it, too. >> I love this short from Dan because it is so simple. It's just her kind of brushing her teeth, but it did 80,000 views, which is above her channel average in terms of shorts views. So, the question is like, why did this short perform well and other shorts don't necessarily perform well? Well, for her, there's these three reasons that I could identify, and we're going to deep dive into some of these strategies here in just a minute. But some quick things about Deian short here is that it does show like this transformative piece. There's a before and after. She starts brushing her teeth with the whitening toothpaste and then she smiles and you see like her super bright white smile. So, it like establishes that authority figure too of like, oh, she actually has really white teeth, so maybe this whitening toothpaste does work. It gives you that reason to stick to the end too because you want to see that transformative piece. And it also speaks to the common pain point of everybody wants brighter teeth. And I think Deian's like target audience is like maybe like anti-aging women in their like 30s, 40s, 50s around there. So that is a pretty niche audience. But the beauty of this reel is everybody wants wider teeth. So this speaks to both men and women alike. Like I'm a man who's 29 years old. I'm not her target audience at all. But I still find this short interesting because I want wider teeth. Like, who doesn't want a nice bright smile? Now, somebody we've had on the podcast before is named Brendan Kaine, and he's a social media strategist, an author, and content creator himself. And he would classify this in his book, The Guide to Going Viral, as what's called the generalist principle. So, this is making your content universally accessible, capturing the attention of the broadest possible audience. And we think Deian did this so well right here. And this is something that you got to think about for your shorts as well. I know something we teach at Think Media here is to like niche down, answer specific questions for exactly who your target audience is. And while that is still a winning strategy, especially for YouTube long form, if you want to succeed and have shorts that go mega viral and do hundreds of thousands or millions of views, you have to apply this generalist principle and make your content more accessible to people from different demographics and niches, etc. So, a challenge for you if you want to make your shorts go viral is how can you make a short with the broadest possible appeal that's still going to honor and resonate with your core audience? That is the perfect type of short for you to make on your personal channel. Now, those are some great examples, but I do want to dive into some more strategy and growth tips for shorts with specific use cases for how you can improve some of these swipeway rates and average view percentages that we're talking about. So, some common causes though of a high swipeway rate are these things. You might have a weak hook. Like your first one to two seconds of your short is just not engaging. Maybe you have like a bunch of dead space at the beginning and it's not very snappy. So hooks are so vitally important. Like that first second, first one to two seconds is essential for getting high views. It also might be confusing or like lacking clarity. And I see this especially with like people who repurpose podcast episodes. They'll like repurpose a portion of the episode that really needs context in order to understand what's going on, but they'll just like repurpose a random section and it's a little bit confusing. Those kinds of videos often lead to pretty high swipeway rates. Also, your short just might be a little bit low quality, like you didn't film on a high quality phone or camera, or your resolution is poor, things like this, or the audio sounds really bad. Those could be indicators. But a little note here is it's not always an indicator of like downward or poor performance if you have a lowquality short. If your story is really good or it's like a crazy like news clip or something, those shorts can still go viral. But oftentimes we'll see people just make videos in their home and the lighting is really bad and it just looks pretty grainy. So that could be an indicator as to why your swipeway rate is high. Now, if you want to improve your swipeway rate, here are some things you can do. Think about the first frame of video. Is your first frame interesting? Is it visually pleasing? Is it funny or strange? Like look at this first frame of this short I found over here to the right. There's like a nurse hugging a tree and then it says up top like I looked outside to find my dad trying to save his favorite tree from a windstorm. It's like this is a very weird situation. Like why is this guy in his scrubs and he's holding on to a tree in a windstorm? Like is the tree going to fall on him? This is very interesting. It's like I want to keep watching this video and you can see hundreds of thousands of likes, millions of views, lots of comments. So this is a winning first frame. Some other first frames that I found interesting over here on the left is like putting a 360° camera on a leaf. Like that's a weird idea. Like what actually happens when you do that? Like does the leaf look like it's just floating all around in the air? I thought that was kind of interesting. The middle one here is fascinating. It's got a little title card up top that says engineer built himself a bionic hand after losing four fingers. And right now it's just showing the back side of the hand, but you sort of want to like you want to know what happens. Does he flip the hand over? And like are his fingers really missing? It creates curiosity and a desire to watch till the end of the short to see how this all unfolded. And then the one on the right is just a farmer who's going to mow some grass, but it is just like visually pleasing to see like you're in the middle of the action right now. A little bit of the grass is mowed so far, but not the entire thing. So, I want to see like how does he actually go about mowing this whole thing. It's almost like there's a timer on screen, but the timer is like the grass and you want to see the entire grass get mowed. So, these are three really interesting first frames of video and you can think about how you could make your first frame of content interesting and compelling to drive better swipeway percentages. And then, of course, there is the hook. Like, how did you hook the viewer into getting them interested in watching your video in the first place? And I have a few examples I do want to show you right here. So, let's watch this video. And we're just going to watch like the first two seconds of these videos to show you how these videos were successful. And boom, that's the hook. It's two seconds in length and there's literally a lion jumping on top of a man and it's like what just happened? Is this dude gonna get eaten? Is he gonna die? Like what's going on? But if you let this video play out, you'll actually see that this is a story of a man who raised this line up since it was a young cub. So there's a story, there's an emotional element here. So this video did really well and it has a great hook. Our second example is for a university that I actually work for and we produced this short that did a couple million views and let's watch the hook together. Why were there even Confederate monuments? Were those all erected by the South in order to celebrate their lost cause? >> So really the hook there is like why And people from all walks of life, not just historians, but anybody who like has a basically a high school education who's learned about the Civil War would be wondering, yeah, why are there Confederate monuments? It is kind of a weird thing. Like why do they exist? And so in this episode, we were interviewing a historian who walks through the actual reasons as to why these Confederate monuments were there in the first place. So it's a minute long short and got a really good average percentage viewed and swipeway rate because of a compelling hook. This last example I think is hilarious. It's literally just seven dogs getting ready to jump out of a plane. And that is literally all the hook is. It's just these dogs like they're right there. Are they actually going to jump out of a plane? I have to know this. Like I I need to know. Do these dogs jump? So, those are all examples of shorts that actually performed really well and had low swipeway rates. Now, let's look at some ways we can improve our average percentage viewed. So, this really is first and foremost just weak storytelling. So, there's no clear payoff potentially in your video. Like, nobody knows why they're watching. They maybe watch four or 5 seconds and there's no payoff. There's maybe too much dead space or no pattern interruptions. Like, there's no B-roll or no text coming on screen to sort of keep the viewer engaged. Additionally, you might not have captions on your screen. And it's really important to know that 60 to 85% of viewers who watch shorts are watching vertical video without the sound on. So, if you're not having captions on your video, you're missing out on like 60 to 85% of the population who wouldn't even know what's happening because they don't have the captions available to them to view. And third, you might have also poorly formatted the video for vertical viewing. And maybe you like repurposed a horizontal video for vertical. And here's an example on screen. My kids love these YouTubers, good news guys. It's like Bible stories for kids. But you can see over here like they put like goodnewsguys.com down below where like their title card and the subscribe button is. You can't even see that. And then the vertical video is not even filling the frame. So it's just kind of a messy short and it didn't perform very well because of that. So whenever you can, you want to format your vertical videos as best as possible for the vertical viewing experience. Now, I already mentioned one of these books, The Guide to Going Viral. But another book by Brendan Kane that I found really helpful is Hook Point as well. So, a couple books by him. We'll link those down in the description below. If you really want to get serious about hooking viewers better and improving your storytelling, these are some awesome ways that you can do that. Now, one of the things that Brendan Kane talks about in his books is that social media has sort of developed these different formats that you can apply to increase your average percentage viewed. And really all a format is are like these proven video structures that help a viewer know what to expect when they're deciding to watch your video for longer than 3 seconds or so. So some common formats that maybe you've seen emerge on social media in the past year or so are first what he calls the two characters one light bulb format. And I'll show you an example of that right here. >> I tried freezing motion with my flash but it's still blurry. What am I doing wrong? Let me guess. You're focused on shutter speed right? Yeah. Doesn't that fast? So, as you can see, it's one creator, but he's playing both sides of the coin. He's playing the beginner as well as the pro and answering the questions that the beginner has. So, this is a proven format that's really viral right now and something you can apply to your own channel. This format has been around forever. It's the viral video reaction plus commentary. So, it's just you as a creator reacting to some sort of viral clip. It could be a news clip. It could be a cooking clip like this video is right here. Let's check it out. Frozen meat. Here we go. Wait. Frozen meat straight into pan. What? and the garlic on their nose. Taco seasoning. What? So, yeah, this is a super fun format that you could explore. And there's one more format I wanted to show you, which is the power of this, which is kind of just like starting seemingly boring stuff potentially that you can turn and spin into a really interesting thing by using the power of this thing only cost $69. This strategy will take your channel from 0 to a,000 subscribers. It's the power of this. Let's watch Anthony right here demonstrate that. This is a two terbte hard drive. This is a two terbyte solidstate drive. And this is a two terbte NVME drive. This is a great example of maybe a seemingly boring topic like hard drives can be kind of interesting if you format it in the right way. And the key here is that each of these creators are actually using the same format over and over again and they're mastering that one format to generate millions of views. You don't have to try 17 different formats. you can actually maybe try to just master one or two formats and find repeatable success in your content strategy by just mastering a couple. So that's kind of a challenge for you. Like what one or two formats could you maybe explore and do some research on in your own niche that could lead to that repeatable success for your channel. So that's a basic overview of the two most important metrics to make your short succeed. Swipe away rate and average percentage viewed. If you can master these two things and continue to improve those metrics, you're going to find success with your short strategy. And if you're serious about growing on YouTube this year, you should definitely check out our online course, Video Ranking Academy, that I'll link right here at this end card. And if you want to check out another video from us here at Think Media, you can click or tap the screen right

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [12 likes]: Let's be real, nailing the first 3 seconds of a Short is tough. What part of the process trips you up the most? Let us know below! ⬇
🎥 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://creators.riverside.com/thinkmedia3
🔥 Want the complete roadmap to YouTube growth? Get the proven strategies for YouTube mastery inside our course here 👉  http://thinkVRA.com
  2. @Rankmonsta-s5z [1 likes]: Thanks mate! Very helpful!
  3. @kellyroberts6984 [1 likes]: Wow, best Shorts growth video that I've watched! You explained it all so clearly. Thank you!
  4. @Jacydesignart [1 likes]: Lots of good, important info, thank you!
  5. @SpreadTheGospel0 [1 likes]: Let’s grow
  6. @JakeoftheWoods [1 likes]: Great video and information, I just posted my first 2 shorts today! thank you for the help!
  7. @YArtemida [1 likes]: An example for those who show themselves in videos. I'd like to know how to make a short music video where you don't show yourself, but just upload music!?
  8. @theearthling8178: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @CollectCreateCollaborate: Thanks
  10. @Virgo2024: Just be authentic.
  11. @RyyKnows-R18: Nice
  12. @maxwolfbolt7259: I hope everything works out
  13. @MehtaKyaKehta: People are getting ad revenue from Shorts?
  14. @crescitaly: The breakdown of swipe-away rate vs average percentage viewed is incredibly helpful. I've been creating shorts for a while and always wondered why some would get that initial spike and then flatline. Now I understand the trial phase concept much better. The generalist principle from Brendan Kane's book is a great insight too — finding that sweet spot between niche-specific content and broad appeal is really the key to unlocking massive views on shorts. One thing I've noticed from testing my own shorts is that the first frame genuinely matters more than most people think. I started treating my first frame like a thumbnail and my swipe-away rate dropped significantly. For anyone watching who's just getting started with shorts and struggling with that early stage where YouTube barely pushes your content, building up some initial engagement on your channel can help the algorithm take your shorts more seriously during those trial phases. I used Crescitaly to establish credibility on my accounts when starting out, and it helped my early shorts get past that initial testing phase more consistently. Combined with the strategies Think Media is teaching here about mastering hooks and retention, the growth really starts to compound. Saving this video for reference!
  15. @emotionalstories.100: I have learnt a lot from this video. Would recommend it
  16. @staticlesss0: 😢😢yt
  17. @thespookymoose: The Spooky Moose will be the next big scary story channel
  18. @ViralCherriesYT: if it has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy what about videos with near 1:1 like ratios and comments, watch rates 90%+ but youtube stops showing it?
  19. @Codjd1: Let’s grow faster!
  20. @reneepelk77094: ❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊

- How To Write A Killer YouTube Shorts Script That Is Impossible To Skip: Kind: captions Language: en This video I uploaded got 34 million views, whilst this one only got 30,000. Why? Well, it's all because of the first couple seconds. Your hook is by far the most important part of any YouTube short. And after thousands of hours and billions of views, I finally figured out how to make the perfect intro. I'm going to start by telling you the three most important tips for writing your hook. And then I'll break down each individual sentence in a script. pretty much showing you how important every single second is. The number one most vital part about writing your intro is that you need to get straight to the point. You are literally fighting for attention every time you start a YouTube short because it doesn't require attention for people to watch your video. They just scroll, see it, and they'll only decide to watch you if you've provided enough information for them to stick around to the end. Secondly, everything you write in your intro has to lead up to the payoff of your video. We'll talk about this in a sec, but pretty much every single word I write in my scripts is so calculated to the point that I know it's going to happen in the next 30 seconds, so I can lead them perfectly into it. So, if you don't tease the viewer and really make them interested in what you're saying, these brain rock kids are going to scroll off your video before they even have a chance to watch it. But that's why lastly, it's so important to not add any extra fluff or things that don't contribute to what your video is actually about. The whole point of your short is to make the experience satisfying and good to the viewer. And if you're not giving them what they want, aka the satisfying point of the video where they think, "Okay, I clicked on this and I'm happy." You're going to see your attention dip like this, which is exactly what you don't want in order to make your video go viral and start making you some money. The algorithm can immediately detect when a viewer gets bored from your video. And all it takes is one bad sentence. So that's why I'm about to take you through every sentence of a typical script, one by one, and give you the best advice I know on how to perfect each word. Oh, and at the end, I'm going to get a YouTube shorts expert making over $20,000 a month to critique my advice to see if what I'm about to teach you actually works. I'm pretty confident I will. >> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. That's pretty good. That's a good one. >> Like I said, the best hook catches your audience's attention instantly with either super eye-catching visuals or even psychological triggers that can pretty much guarantee they are going to be interested. For example, the reason why this video shown in the intro did so well is because it's extremely controversial. I mean, literally, just watch the first few seconds. >> Have you ever wondered why Asian people have such small eyes? >> At first glance, what's being said in that intro sounds insane, but if you think about it, we're adding a controversial figure in the first couple seconds that almost everybody can recognize. It's interesting. A lot of people will have wondered this before, been too afraid to ask about the topic, but now we're literally giving them permission to be curious about it in a funny and enticing way. Whilst you watch this though, compare it to the video that completely flawed. >> Have you ever experienced a weird feeling that something has already happened before, even though you know it hasn't? >> The concept isn't interesting. The visuals are kind of ass. And at first glance, they should be super obvious why the first video got so many more views than this one. I think an even better example is this video I uploaded on Slam Dunk that got over 12 million views. >> Do you know why Mr. Beast turned down $1 billion? >> The hook is perfect and it's almost guaranteed to catch the viewers's interest. $1 billion is a ton of money and you're immediately left wondering why he declined it. The first sentence's only job is to tell the viewer exactly what they need to know in the most direct way possible. There simply is not a way to give a viewer this information faster, but at the same time, we showed tons of clips of Mr. beast on the screen in super fast pace to give the viewer that visual information as well. The best thing about this Mr. Beast intro as well is that everyone pretty much knows who he is. And so using him as much as possible in the video whilst relating it to the context of what we're talking about is going to get everyone's attention to stay until after the intro. But now that you've got their attention for the first few seconds, what do you actually do now? Not having a good supporting hook is like getting a girl's attention and then having no idea what you're going to say to her. It's just going to be awkward. Trust me, I'm speaking from experience here. So, once you've established what the video is about and actually hooked the viewers into the first couple seconds, you can't let them escape. You've got their minds focused on you, now you need to keep them. You want to subvert the viewers expectations, add context, and make it even more interesting for them than they initially thought it even could be. Overd delivering on view expectations is what make videos go viral. That's why the word clickbait is so famous. You click a video because you think there's going to be something and then there isn't and then you want to click off. But what if you hook the viewer in with something insane, but then make the rest of the video even crazier? In this example, the supporting hook poses two of the most possible reasons as to why Jimmy might have declined so much money. It guesses what the viewer might be thinking, but then tells them they're totally wrong. This sends them into a frenzy of wanting to actually figure out what's going on. And this is the type of psychology that you want to be using in your videos. Don't give them what they want right away. Make them fight for it. Make them think they're right, but they're actually wrong. There's so many tactics you can be using that we're going to get into later. But for now, let's continue. This specific part of the script creates a huge amount of interest as the answer that the majority of people were thinking get completely ruled out. And so now they're left wondering what the reason really is, and they're sure of the fact that it's going to be something that they didn't already know, which is what actually gets them excited. I'm not going to lie, this is psychological manipulation, but it works way too well. You're not just making them curious, you're making them actually feel smart at the same time. You tell them they're wrong, then make them feel as though they need to prove their intelligence by figuring out the real answer and watching to the end. It's addictive, and there's a way to exploit this even more as you go through the video. It's also important to remember that not all videos necessarily need a supporting hook, as sometimes a story is just interesting on its own. One of our most popular videos on Slam Dunk didn't have a supporting hook at all. The concept of a YouTuber going to an unconted tribe just spoke for itself. This YouTuber discovered a forgotten tribe of people and recorded it. Last week, the YouTuber YBS Young Bloodoods uploaded a video called Living on the Forgotten Islands of Vanuatu. >> So, we didn't need to waste time selling the viewer further. So, congratulations. You've got the viewers attention, something 99% of shorts creators will never be able to do. So, don't fumble it. The next few sentences are just as important as this when you set the scene. Going into sentences three and four is super important because this is where all goes into setting your actual scene for your video. At this point in the script, I'll set a timeline or a location. I then go into actually developing the context of the video and slowly lead into the payoff. I'm not the best drawer. This is the best I could do. Please don't get mad. See, in our Mr. Beast video, we said that he went on a podcast and admitted he received a billion dollar offer from a private company. We then quickly explain the details of the offer, adding context to what we just said, saying things like it included all 18 of his channels and all of his companies. There's no real reason to waste time on explaining these details too in depth because the viewers likely already know. And if they don't, they can figure it out from the simple context that you provide them. So don't insult your audience's intelligence by overexlaining really simple things. It won't help your attention and it might actually kill your video. And now in just two more sentences, the viewer pretty much has all the context they need to actually understand the story that you're telling in your YouTube short. And if we did things right, they should actually be even more curious now. But we're not done just yet. We then spend maybe one or two more sentences actually selling the stake of the video, saying that if Mr. Beast accepts the offer, he'd be the world's first YouTube billionaire and the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. So why the hell would he turn it down? This is crucial because now we've just turned curiosity into an investment. It's not just why did he say no anymore. It's why did he give up becoming the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. It's a completely different much stronger type of interest for the exact same topic all because we wrote it in a very specific way. It's basic human psychology for them to now want to keep watching. And you can even slowly tease the viewer and give them hints as to what the payoff might actually be at the end. Or as I actually put it phrased in my course video specifically, edge them, but don't make them come. Yeah, I don't know what the 17-year-old version of me was doing. But it actually works because in this video we did about Mr. Beast's rich janitor, we kept who it was a total mystery until the very end. But whilst teasing it throughout the entire video, saying that the fans loved him, and the comments just kept asking for way more of him. It's possible that the viewers might figure out what the payoff is before it actually happens, but humans want to be 100% right. so bad that most of the times, as long as they're not 100% of the way there, they'll stick to the end to figure it out. It makes a viewer feel like they're actively solving a puzzle and not just passively watching content that doesn't do anything for them, even though it's pretty much the same thing. And that's when in the very last few seconds of the video, you give them exactly what they want. In this case, it was telling the viewers that the janitor was actually Chandler, or in the case of the billion-dollar deal, all we simply said is that he denied it because he thought the offer was too low. all of that buildup, tension, curiosity, and questioning to a very simple payoff that still gives the viewer what they wanted because we answered the question they had been trying to figure out the entire time. Now, the payoff is obviously the most satisfying part of a video, but it needs to be delivered correctly. Don't just drag it out. Get to the point, deliver the answer instantly, and then end the video because the second the viewer gets what they came for, they are clicking off. There is absolutely no reason for them to continue sticking around. But there's actually one more sentence that could skyrocket your engagement and viewership, and that is the call to action. This is quite literally the only time you should ever go off topic in a video, but even then, it's best if you can tie it in. For example, when we would make these Mr. Beast videos, we would say, "Subscribe if you love Chandler," or "Subscribe if you knew who it was the entire time. This way, you're asking them to do something for you that they wouldn't necessarily want to, but because it's tied to the actions that they put into the video themselves, there is a very high chance that they could actually engage and give you what you want, therefore pushing that video out even more. And that in a very digestible form is how to write a perfect script. But what does an actual YouTube Shorts expert think? I hit up a guy making over $30,000 a month posting faceless YouTube shorts who wanted to stay anonymous for this video and sent him a script that I wrote following this exact same framework. So, I'm about to hop on a call with him and see what he rates it. But the catch is he has no idea who I am because I am on a completely fake account. And after I told him who I was, he didn't want his name in the video. But this is what he had to say. >> Yo, can you hear me? >> Yes, sir. >> I mean, it's a pretty good hook, not going to lie. You stating off right off the get getgo to like popular people and you start off by saying that and stating that I show speed hates Mr. Beast. So, you're pretty much creating already uh a plot for the people to make them question, right? And then you continue by stating, "But what could Mr. Beast possibly have done to make the biggest dreamer in the world this mad?" And it's correct. You're pretty much reading the thoughts of the people, right? So, you give a little bit of a context. I feel like you see where you put the5 to$10 million the pretty much the how expensive was the I feel like it would have been better if you would have added that amount more in the beginning maybe possibly even in the hook not even in the hook but you know somewhere in the first 5 seconds of the video. >> Yeah. So saying something like >> I should be hates Mr. Beast over $5 million or something along those lines to kind of just get it in early. >> In the payoff and even in the hook I would have stated something like scamming. I know for a fact whenever you talk about scam, specifically when you talk about Mr. Beast, however unethical it might be, you got attached though to to it. You know, that's the game that we play. >> I think one thing that's good in this script is like the rehooks. So like for example, after the context, we say, "Oh, but how did this situation turn into speed hating Mr. Beast?" >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. You you pretty much remind the people why they're actually on the video to begin with. Exactly. That's pretty good. I like also how you added that. So, at the end, I'm thinking you're trying to do like the loop effect on the video. Is that right? >> Yeah, exactly. One thing as well is I think for the payoff, I wanted to keep it like as short and sweet as possible because after all the context, I just wanted to get straight into what the reason for all of this was because once people get the information that they want, there's no reason for them to be around for a video anymore. >> Exactly. Exactly. That's why the path should always be in the third quarter of the video. So, um yeah, that that would be it to be honest. That would be it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dbittonextra [21 likes]: Claim 60 Done-For-You YouTube Shorts 👉 https://gateway.ytportal.io/framelabs







you clicked read more SUBSCRIBE
  2. @justepicclipz [3 likes]: I won't quit
  3. @CrosswalkToJesus [1 likes]: Thanks for your Killer YouTube Short Script video..can't wait to apply to my channel.
  4. @SpotlightTheory1: Very informative video!❤
  5. @aronguttin1976: Great content, I applied it, and the video performed better than usual.
  6. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice
  7. @DellanoStory: Commenting
  8. @NiMUSIC25: thank you very much hope one day dreammmm come true
  9. @ItsReactRealm: God damn this guy scripts are amazing
  10. @buckybarz3779: Get to the fucking point!
  11. @FurLOL12: Yo. I saw your podcast and it great to see some advice
  12. @PlanMotiff: daniel i like how you put it, but most of those are for faceless, how about struggling artist like me?
  13. @Aryamethod: Man, u have the best video on this topic. This video needs more views, ppl are watching the wrong ppl
  14. @shubniggurath47: Wow, that's an awesome guide. Thank you!
  15. @Rika-shortsz: im tryinggg
  16. @JordanTee-Shorts: Nice one 🎉
  17. @Moneyl1ft: Bro is not trying to copy zack d. films 💀
  18. @ViralDose-05: Great video. This will help me a lot.
  19. @sagacloudnetwork: On Veroosy social blades say $4 - $65
Monthly Estimated Earnings. Where is the rest?
  20. @MagdalenaLopez-j2s: woa

- The World's Shortest YouTube Shorts Guide You'll Ever Need: Kind: captions Language: en I've made thousands with several shorts on multiple channels and if you want to do the same you first need to start with an aged account if you don't have one then you can create a new Gmail and warm it up by watching shorts for an hour over two to three days now find a niche by scrolling on shorts and make a list of channels under this checklist which you can screenshot to make sure the channel is monetizable you can type in the URL and submit it into YT large then filter through the list and find what you like most it's good to pick something that you have an interest in once you've done that curate your shorts feed to that content by engaging with it find channels that upload the content by typing in keywords into the search bars engage with the content like comment subscribe the algorithm will begin to push more of that content out to you then you can generate a list of creators in that Niche and see what they do and how you can add your own spin to the content to make it a little better now learn to edit using cap cut as it's the easiest there's loads of tutorials on YouTube to find ideas you need to see what's performing best for the creators in your Niche look through their videos and see if you can find any patterns among the best performers for example if they short is about ski stunts gone wrong do the same but with Clips they didn't use also remember to curate your foru page on Instagram and Tik Tok to the niche that you're doing because the feed can act as a video idea machine next start posting once per day aim to improve every video and play around with different formats lengths ideas and so on as soon as one video does better than the rest that's an outlier what we're going to do is double down on that video format an idea but again add a small twist for example if your most viral video is about the most expensive car you'll do one on the most expensive expensive bow keep repeating this until you get a few million views then get a music deal so you can two to three x your RPM you can get one easily by filling out the form in the description after that stay consistent and keep posting you will reach 10 million views in 90 days and then you can apply for monetization and start earning with shorts feed ads and one of the final steps is outsourcing by finding editors inside video editing discords and asking on Twitter you're going to train them up and pay them to make your videos exactly like you do and lastly repeat and scale

  Top Comments:
  1. @BoostmarksXstudies [2 likes]: Small creators....never quit supporting eachother....
  2. @Teyahasmahne4 [1 likes]: So this is why YouTube is full of mindless garbage now. Thanks for your contribution
  3. @TorqueEdits125 [1 likes]: Done this and I haven't earned a single cent yet
  4. @THEWAL-2: Hello ! Nice video showing about post video in short video in YouTube until get paid money from YT . No easy way for do on YT but all do post more and video have useful to people . Is get fast sub and view but I want make more friends on YT .
  5. @ThrivingRankedCommentary: real
  6. @ceovickyyt: Guys do lemme know if you like mine!❤
  7. @PositiveConflict: Quality video, the only video you'd need if you know what your doing tbh
  8. @ironcrownofficial: The 'Outlier Strategy' is gold! 📈 Many people keep switching niches, but doubling down on what actually works is the fastest way to trigger the algorithm. Great breakdown
  9. @Hanifs_stepdad: nice
  10. @felixmcbride5448: How to make AI slop and get remonetized*
  11. @felixmcbride5448: Fake news, or this account would have YouTube shorts and lots of subscribers.
  12. @MithilaMimi-j5w: Amazing content as always!
  13. @Krronotic1569: nice and to the point
  14. @okaykoner: does music deal still work in 2026?
  15. @GAMES_00009: Support needed here ❤️‍🩹
  16. @Gimmickvr: Thx
  17. @Goodtimetobreak: Thanks 👍🏻!
  18. @beastshots-990: Subscribe 🍀
  19. @StickmanExplainsReal: I guess bro 🥀
  20. @JiSung-y8k: No bullshit like other youtubers, straight to the point 👌

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- First Shot at Being a Cameraman and Being a Creator! First Collaboration EVER!: Kind: captions Language: en hey there guys welcome back to my channel in today's video it's all about being a camera man so let's walk you through that right now so if you are new to my channel my name is Josh I created this channel this way I can gain experience shooting and editing videos this way I can ultimately start working on creating short films as they get longer and longer I would ultimately like to submit something to a film festival that is where I will truly be happy and that is my goal for the channel so as you watch my channel you're going to see a lot of videos of me practicing my techniques and everything learning new things it's a lot of a lot a lot of work and a lot of things for me to learn so I appreciate your patience and I'm really hoping that you guys enjoy some of the content that I'm making to definitely let me know if you see something that you like something that you hate then I can stop making that and start pleasing all of you guys and creating content that's great for you this week I was granted with an opportunity so I can help out some of my fellow colleagues who also have YouTube channels and I was basically just asked to help them record their videos the most simplest request that they can ask me for earlier this week I was able to work with my friend Frank and his channel is gonna be down below his channel is let's be frank and what we were able to do was just cover the event of the Trump rally to happen in Orlando last week so basically we just went up and down and we were just talking local to locals there people who were visiting from out of state and everything about what their thoughts are on the election what they were here for what their hopes are and where they're at now and everything and then heading back to the hotel just collaborating all the content that we were able to create that day and edit everything but basically he was able to make three videos for content in that one day and I really want to get to that level 2 because that's amazing another one of my friends that I was able to help out was my friend Mike so he started a new channel I'm gonna include that link below as well and Mike I met back in January at a YouTube creator studio with about 12 other people and he and I were able to keep in touch and everything and when I met him I was at about a 100 subscribers I was just a little baby but now about six months in I've but now about six months in I was able to get to a really good point where I have almost about 600 subscribers and I cannot be more thankful for you guys and really hope that you guys are enjoying some of my content definitely gonna see tons of playlists you're gonna see a lot of short films in the near future probably by the end of the year and you'll see a lot of review videos on all the equipment that I am using so I can record all this that was what I was researching a lot when I started my channel and it wasn't so that I can cut beak at anybody but to draw inspiration from you guys as a lot of you guys are probably watching this video for the exact same reasons why I was watching those videos so I hope this is helpful for you guys definitely share this video if you feel that it is too another little bit of advice that I would love to give you guys is to plan more accordingly so I am doing everything basically out of Tampa Florida and it is hot as heck out here I'm sweating I'm wearing dark clothing which is not very smart and I'm wearing long pants ooh which is just this is dumb one thing that's really helped me with my channel is collaborating with other youtubers so this week when I was able to work with my two friends who also have channels my channel pretty much doubled in size in the last month or so and that has helped me exponentially and the fact that I was able to just gain experience by being their cameraman I couldn't have asked for a better setup and it's helping me so much more I can take that back to my channel and improve on the content that I'm creating for you guys to watch but I definitely encourage you guys to do the exact same make friends who aren't in the same niche as you make friends who are in similar ones too because then you would just attract a whole new audience and they will learn about you and vice versa and it would also help out their channel too but also if you are in the area I'm more than happy to discuss things with you and maybe even work together to there's a ton of equipment that I have that might be at your disposal and vice versa but that's just where we help each other out and everything without being in some kind of competition so it's all friendly and fun you know just be part of the community and watch it grow and grow together too I'm hoping that you guys did like this video though if you did like it show it go ahead and hit me the like button down below if you feel this might really help out somebody or you really needed to share this with somebody share the video too but I would love your support if you can hit that subscribe button down below this way you can stay tuned for other videos that I make and hopefully helping out others and I hope that you guys enjoy film just as much as I do but I will see you guys in the next video bigger

  Top Comments:
  1. @impactmediaagencyllc9320 [3 likes]: Thanks for the help and the shout out.  Anytime you need an extra hand let me know!
  2. @YunierViada [2 likes]: Had no idea you where doing Youtube man. Subscribed! ^_^
  3. @lostbadboy2012 [1 likes]: I'm an actor
  4. @MyTechEye: Hi Joshua, 

Could you tell me how to reach 800 subscribers in 2 months like you? I m a newbie on the youtube platform and I don't know how it works. 

Thx dude

- How To Accept Collaboration Request On YouTube (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, Zin with you and today I will show you how to accept collaboration request on YouTube. Okay, first thing that you should do is to simply go and open the YouTube application on your phone. Then once you open it here, you can simply click on these three dots on the right side right here. Then you want to go and click on edit. And after that you want to go and click on invite a collaborator. And now you want to search for the name that you want to give him the invite. Let's say this one here for example. So now I have it chosen it. Simple click on create link. And now you want to copy this link. Then you want to go and send it to the person that you want to send him the invite code. And now I have chosen the browser in order to open the invite link. And now we can click on it. And here you can see you have this accept button. Just click on it and you're all done. And that's all for today's video. If you find helpful, please support us with like, subscribe, comment, share. Thank you for watching and goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HyperionYtrl [5 likes]: The last part dont come up for me
  2. @zaneisraell [3 likes]: Stolen video right?
  3. @2TOM-l5t [1 likes]: Tysm

- MY FIRST LIVE AND COLLABORATION EXPERIENCE (BLOGAPALOOZA) | Frank: Kind: captions Language: en good morning guys so today is august 15th and yeah on again because i need to prep for something something exciting and yeah this is going to be my first time so but yeah let's do this hi guys welcome or welcome back to my channel if you're new here my name is frank and yes i do vlogs and art dance so if you're new here on my channel please do subscribe and click that notification bell so you'll get notified every time i post a new video like this one so guys for today's video this is going to be really really really exciting because this is my first time no magla live and yes evo broadcast is a facebook so so yeah i'm really really grateful and thankful for this opportunity now lagapalooza this is my first ever collaboration and yes i'm really really excited about facebook [Music] facebook now mangapina follow on influencers so yeah does it mean i'm one of them or i don't know but yes i know more to come and yes i'm really really excited for this are going they couldn't inexplica instagram and then they're saying frank are you okay if we invite you to a live live dog oh this is getting real oh my god comment down below i'm really really happy so yeah thank you so much for this opportunity lagapalooza ph thank you more to come by the way guys i just want to apologize so yeah sorry comes to you our first guest that's mr topy tejano hello toby i'd like to introduce you to our second guest this is bianca hi bianca good morning hello good morning and to everyone watching hello good morning and of course we have baya hi maya hello good morning everyone good morning awesome hi frank all right for everybody for our viewers uh information topi good morning yes perfect my counting like but that will be solved very very soon i hope um you're uh you're you work in the airline industry and alumni right now it's been hardly hit by the pandemic maybe you could maybe you could let us know more about um what's keeping you busy right now france ah right now like they are on my own on my youtube in creating content and on my instagram then so or what types of content do you post before that's okay frank there's been a bit of delay okay introduce yourself without using your name or the word eye perfectionist i perfectionist see frank perfectionist are you internet different keep up happy a perfectionist internet yeah perfect i like that perfectionist i'm liking you somehow tell us your age without using any dates or numbers millennials we could start with you first how would your best friend describe you a perfectionist and artistic what's your most used app on your phone um yeah frankie going what's your most used app on your phone youtube okay our fifth question pick one breakfast lunch or dinner prank breakfast lunch or dinner again breakfast breakfast what's your favorite breakfast food oh my gosh if you could eat just one food for the rest of your life what would it be i'm getting a question interesting maybe we could do frank first noah for hank if you were a drink what would you be and why how about you frank if you were a drink what would you be and why definitely go people coffee it makes us alive and awake a life alert awake enthusiastic oh hi our eighth question oh this is an interesting question i i would love to know what you think of it aside from the name what's the first thing you ask someone to get to know them very interesting singing aphra i've been a north girl all my life and so when i went to college of course from the woodrow from the south ridge the south people in general and they're a different kind of animal part of south talaga but i love it i mean difference of the north and the south but that's a good question frank thank you for that if you were not a constant for a4 what would you like to be doing inside connor frank if you were not doing the contents instagram more what instead i have airlines yes so i also see the photos of my friends the cabin crew they go to they're able to go to many many different places like frank yes but after quarantine and visit church church de la gal religious guys from my delegate has but that's fine part of your day is your favorite hmm while you're thinking about it maybe frank no nakana what part of your day is your favorite while you're thinking about it a fun favorite and favorite part of my day time now i want to ask you all the 20 questions bob but in the interest of i'm gonna rush to the 15th which is very very very interesting how would you describe your love life in one word my love life how would you describe your love life in one word perfectionist [Laughter] yes loki loki private land posti you just listen to it yes paul any songs of adele and sam smith oh there was a time who got moments going to jump into the next question on the 18th question your most ordered delivery food uh frank my mahili what do you order frequently for delivery mcdonald's mcdonald's chicken nuggets charlie chan pasta perfect day for me is uh worthy and stress-free and now we're down to our final question and us in blogapalooza we really advocate and really push for hashtag elevate influence now as for you frank how do you hashtag elevate influence it could be in your uh it's a work moss a family most a friend's most a social media channel mo how do you hashtag elevate influence segura um if you can influence other people by doing good uh it's not about the like or the response of the people but how you influence them by doing good setting good example and really really just being a role model frank let's invite everybody to follow you on instagram or facebook or twitter if you're or youtube if you're also there uh my facebook is frank martindji and my twitter and instagram is my youtube channel all right it's not frank catalia but it is really frank italia thank you very much everybody and i hope that you're having a very very good saturday hope that you learned a lot from our mavens this morning and you can follow them in their respective social media channels for joining us this saturday and have a great weekend bye-bye hi guys so yeah we're done or you can watch the whole live video e la lagueilas description box below i'm hoping for more collaboration more projects more projects of feeling influencer in atalaga so i don't know what you feel i'm really really happy and yeah i'm happy to get to know miss ace and miss daniela i'm happy to meet toffee and bianca so yeah i'm really really happy yeah i can't wait for more and thank you so much guys for watching i hope you like this video hope you give this a thumbs up and please don't forget to subscribe and i'll see you on my next video bye now

  Top Comments:
  1. @ariannejill: Congrats ❤
  2. @kristinecamaya: Congratulations po sa collab experience nyo
  3. @rhioerpelo4775: new friend here frank..
  4. @markjosephcopiaco1616: pa shout out po kuya frank
  5. @euniceanne9032: Hi frank !! Hihihi

- My experiences with collaborative coding (Qualitative research): Kind: captions Language: en my MSC thesis research took a constructivist grounded theory approach to investigate the optimal perinatal health beliefs of indigenous grandmothers to do this successfully I worked collaboratively with the Six Nations community including having a local advisory circle and a community coder I hope that sharing my experiences will illustrate that working with the community coder can be easier than you think and could have many benefits to your research project and growth as a qualitative researcher I think it is important and rewarding to involve the community that you are partnering with in the data analysis process it can help you see the data in ways that you may not have been able to do so on your own for example it can give you insight into seeing beyond the frequently appearing codes to the more culturally significant one here's how i found my community coder i spend time outside of data collection at six nations this meant attending local events and conferences such as health fairs and connecting with local partner organizations to begin building initial connections for example I spent a lot of time at the Six Nations birthing center which was a perfect place for me to speak to individuals who are interested in the subject of perinatal health it gave me the opportunity to speak with aboriginal midwives and aboriginal perinatal dietician and many other staff members invested in early child health being in this environment helped me not only meet my community coder but also meet other individuals who later became study participants this process also included taking the initiative to learn more about the cultural context of six nations I spent a lot of time visiting with different people talking to them about their perspectives and participating in different cultural programming for example I was a participant in the februari 2015 Canadian roots exchange a six-day program that connected me to various community leaders and organizations it was through this program that I learned of an organization called Nations uniting which is a non reserved group that creates a welcoming space for monthly grandmother's tea I emailed the coordinator and went to visit their office during that meeting we chatted about my interest for working with the Six Nations community reasons for doing research in the field of perinatal health and my specific research project eventually that one meeting led to a partnership the coordinator offered to help me with steady recruitment and became a source of support for bouncing off ideas although this specific partnership did not lead to the community coder that I ended up working with it certainly could have no matter what can you are working with could be surgeons ER doctors or patients with rheumatoid arthritis spending time in your respective context connecting with those who have knowledge about your research question and actively searching out opportunities to participate in relevant conferences fairs or community events and programs can really help you connect with potential community coders this might seem like a lot of extra work but it's certainly possible to do within a graduate thesis once you immerse yourself within the community you will quickly meet key people who can really help you along I think the simpler you make it the easier it is for everyone including yourself because I had spent so much time at Six Nations I had met my community coder very early on in my research project when I officially asked her to fill the role as a coder she already knew a lot about the research contacts in fact I'd been periodically filling her in on how my interviews were going and how the data analysis was progressing so all that was left was to help her understand the steps for data analysis in order to do that I organized an initial informal meeting to talk to her about what coding would look like and we formulated a rough plan for how we would go about it I then printed out all the interview transcripts I had at the time pocket pencil case full of differently colored highlighters and pens and we sat down together to code we first did a full round of initial coding followed by a separate day of more focused coding but a week or two later I had prepared a short document of the major and minor themes and we met again to chat some more it does not take much longer than individual coding would take there were just more logistical issues to sort out for example we had to find a time that worked well for both of us to sit down for a few hours on interrupted we had to schedule a quiet place to have our meeting and I had to account for travel time as I had to drive out to six nations although the process of coding and discussing the data together may require more time it can also lead to an enriched understanding of your research which could help make your results more relevant and translatable to the population you are working with using a community coder helped me understand the findings in a way that enabled me to successfully facilitate additional levels of community engagement within this research area for example I worked with the spoken word artist and filmmaker to translate the research findings into a digital story that was well received in the community the primary benefit is that it will make a research more resonant with people who are familiar with the issue us study and hopefully more helpful to that group also it is very important especially when you're working with a marginalized group that you are not imposing your own interpretation in a way that loses what the purchase attends meant to say or subvert it to something else even if this is unintentional discussing that the community coder can help you check your own views in a reflexive way in addition it can improve rigor because they can also help you with triangulation I hope that sharing my experiences has been helpful for you you can read more about my methods in the International Journal of qualitative methods and you can watch our digital story on YouTube

- Cultivating Collaboration: Don't Be So Defensive! | Jim Tamm | TEDxSantaCruz: Kind: captions Language: ar المترجم: Elham Ibrahim المدقّق: Shimaa Nabil أريد أن أشارك شيئًا معكم اليوم، وأعتقد أنه سيجعلكم أكثر فعاليةً في حل الصراعات، وبناء التعاون. ولكن أريد أن أبدأ بإخباركم قصة قصيرة عن بعض جماعات الدجاج، لأنه صدق أو لا تصدق الدجاج لديه الكثير ليعلمنا عن التعاون. يحدث هذا في جامعة بيردو حيث بيل ميرور أستاذ في علم الوراثة وشخص لطيف حقًا. كان بيل يبحث عن الفروقات بين جماعات متعاونة من الدجاج. وهم فقط دجاجات تتعايش بشكل جيد مع بعضها. أنا أطلق عليهم دجاج المنطقة الخضراء. ولم يكن هناك نجوم أداء في جماعتهم، كانوا فقط لطفاء تجاه بعضهم البعض. وفي عالم الدجاج تكون الدجاجة النجمة، هي التي تضع أكبر عدد من البيض. ولكن مشكلة المؤدين الفنانين أنهم يميلون لكونهم حيوانات أكثر عدائية. ولذلك كثيرًا ما نرى بين الدجاج شيئًا نراه أحيانًا في منظمات الإنسان. وهو أن فناني الأداء يصبحون نجومًا، ليس بكونهم جيدين لذاتهم ولكن بقمع إنتاج البيض للدجاج الآخر. ولهذا يبدون أفضل ويفعلون هذا بنقرهم. الآن، أنا أطلق علي الفنانين النجوم الأكثرعدائية دجاج المنطقة الحمراء وهم يسببون ضررًا كثيرًا. حاول المزارعون خططًا مختلفة للتعامل مع ذلك. إحداها أن يسكنوا الطيور في أقفاص فردية بهذا الحجم، ليس حلًا عظيمًا لأنه مكلف جدًا، يستغرق ملايين الأقفاص. حاولوا حلًا آخرًا أُطلق عليه تقليم مناقيرهم. وهو مصطلح مخادع قليلًا لأنه يعطيك انطباعا أن هناك عمليات لتجميل الدجاج بالخارج، نوعاً من ضبط النقطة الحادة، لكن حقًا هو موظف معه أداة تشبه قليلاً كماشة وهم يفصلون قطعة كبيرة من منقار الدجاج بعيدًا عن رأسه. وهي أيضًا طريقة مكلفة جداً ناهيك عن أنها محزنة بشكل مريع لكلا الدجاج والموظفون المكلفون بفعل ذلك. لذلك كان يبحث بيل إذا كان من الممكن أن ينمي غريزة التعاون لدى الدجاج، وإذا أمكن، ماذا سيكون التأثير على إنتاجهم للبيض. كان لدينا كل جماعات دجاج المنطقة الخضراء هنا، وجماعات دجاج المنطقة الحمراء هناك. أخذ أفضل منتجي البيض من كل نوع، لينتج الجيل القادم. فعل ذلك لمدة عام واحد على خمسة أجيال تقريبًا وفي نهاية العام كانت النتائج درامية. هناك، هذه صورة دجاج المنطقة الخضراء. كانوا بصحة جيدة ومنتجين. الآن، الصورة الآتية لما بقى من دجاج المنطقة الحمراء. أقول لما تبقى منهم لأن أكثر من نصف دجاج المنطقة الحمراء قتلوا من زملائهم، نقروا حتى الموت. الآن، يقولون صورتهم تستحق 1000 كلمة. ولكن لو هذا لا يوضح القصة كاملةً، لنلق نظرة علي إنتاج البيض لدجاج المنطقة الخضراء. في العام الواحد، وصلت إلى 260%. لذا،ما يمكننا تعلمه من هذا الدجاج هو أن بيئة المنطقة الحمراء، أكثرعدائية، أكثر خصومة، متضاربة للغاية، متنافسة داخليًا إزاء التنافس خارجيًا، ينتجون سلوك منطقة حمراء أكثر. تتغذى ذاتيًا وتنتشر كفيروس في منظمة ما. بيئة المنطقة الخضراء التي هي أكثر دعمًا وتضامنًا وأعلي مهارة في التعاون، ينتجون بيضا أكثر أو أيًا يكن ما يكافئ منظمتك لبيض أكثر. أريدك أن ترجع بالذاكرة لصورة منطقة الدجاج الحمراء لدقيقة وضعها في ذهنك. كوني قاضيًا لتقريبًا 25 سنة، كانت سلطتي القضائية لنزاعات مساومة جماعية، خلافات إدارة العمل، وفي هذا الدور، أؤمن أني سويت صدامات عمل في مدرسة المنطقة أكثر من أي شخص بالولايات المتحدة. في كل صدام سويت الخلاف فيه، في كل مرة نصل لنهاية العملية، كل شخص متورط في هذه العملية يعلم كل طرف جيدًا كيف شعرت هذه الدجاجات، لأن هذا هو الوجود الذي حبسوا فيه. هؤلاء ليسوا أناسًا وضيعين. إنهم أشخاص طيبون يفعلون ما بوسعهم ليحسنوا العالم بأفضل طريقة يعرفونها. أعني أنهم جميعًا كرسوا حياتهم لتعليم العامة. لم ينقصهم تعاون ممتع، إنما نقصتهم المهارات. ونقص المهارات كلف ولاية كاليفورنيا كمية هائلة من المال على نفقة صراع. لذا تجمعت مجموعة صغيرة منا معًا، عملنا كثيرًا من الأبحاث وجلسنا لنعلم مجموعة المنطقة الحمراء الأكثر خصومة كيف يتعاونون. نجحنا على نطاق واسع. ارتفعت الثقات وانخفضت الصراعات. قللنا كمية الخصومات القابلة للقياس في 100 تقريباً منظمة مختلفة ب70% على مدى سنوات عدة. وفر هذا لولاية كالفورنيا كمية ضخمة من المال. وغير أيضًا الحياة المهنية لآلاف الموظفين المحبوسين في منطقة وجود الدجاج الحمراء، وبالتالي أعتقد أن ذلك حسن من جودة التعليم لآلاف أطفال المدارس الذين أصبحوا أخيرًا لديهم قدوة إيجابية تسطيع أن تعلمهم كيف يحلون اختلافاتهم دون تدمير مجتمعهم أو شن حرب ضد بعضهم. ما تعلمناه من هذه التجربة ليس قاصرًا على التعليم العام. وإنما يطبق على كل موقف يتطلب التعاون. سواءً كانت هذه عائلة تحاول معرفة أين تذهب في عطلة معًا، أو عالم الشركات الذي أصبح مؤخرًا تام الوضوح أنه لا يستطيع المنافسة خارجيًا إن لم يستطع أولًا التعاون داخليًا، أو حتى في السياسة حيث ربما تكون دفاعية مجلس الشيوخ مكلفة مثل ميزانية دفاع البنتاغون بالكامل. لذا ما أود فعله هو أن أشارككم اليوم ما أثق أنه أكبر درس من تلك التجربة وهو: لا شيء سيساعدك أن تصبح أكثر فعالية في حل الصراع وبناء التعاون من إدارة دفاعك بشكل أفضل. على مدى 25 سنة من التعامل مع صراعات الآخرين، أنا تقريبًا لم أتعامل أبدًا مع مشاكل قضائية نقية. كان الناس دائمًا أمامي لأن أحدًا سيبدأ بالشعور بالضعف ثم يصبح دفاعيًا. وعندما نصبح دفاعيين، يصبح تفكيرنا صلبًا، وينخفض معدل ذكائنا حوالي 20 نقطة ونصبح ببساطة أغبياء. ليس فقط أننا نصبح حلالين للمشاكل بشكل مروع، ولكننا ندعوا كل شخص في الغرفة ليصبح دفاعيًا، وبعد ذلك ما تنتهي به هو غرفة مليئة بأشخاص المنطقة الحمراء لا يستطيعون حل مشكلة. المصطلح التقني لذلك بالمناسبة هو التقاضي. (ضحك) الأمر بهذه البساطة: إذا قللت دفاعيتك، فأنت تزيد قدرتك على حل المشاكل. الآن إذا علمنا أن هذا صحيح، لماذا لا نصبح غير عدائيين ونحتفظ بعقلية المنطقة الخضراء الأكثر تعاونًا طوال الوقت؟ لذا، أود منكم أن تجربوا شيئًا معي من الممكن أن يعطيكم بعض التبصر لهذا السؤال. أود منكم أن تستخدموا كل إبداعكم وتعاطفكم لتسمحوا لأنفسكم أن تصبحوا شيئًا واحدًا مع هذه الورقة. اعلموا كيف تبدو هذه الورقة. لطيفة ومنعشة للمس وذو حواف نقية، وبعض الزوايا الحادة وبعض التجاعيد مثل بعض منا. في دقيقة سأسألكم جميعًا أن تأخذوا نفسًا عميقًا، سنفعل ذلك معًا، وأثناء الزفير، أود منكم أن تجمعوا كل تركيزكم على هذه الورقة وانظروا إذا من الممكن أن تتنفسوا مباشرة مع هذه الورقة وتصبحوا شيئًا واحدًا. حسنًا، هل الجميع مستعد؟ حسنًا، هيا. حسنًا، هل الجميع لديه ذلك الآن؟ الآن، هل يريد أي منكم أن يتعاون معي حاليًا؟ أو أن يبني علاقة معي الآن؟ أو على الأرجح، هل لدى أي أحد أي مشاعر منطقة حمراء سلبية قوية تجاهي حاليًا؟ لذا، أنا أعتذر عن ذلك. ولكن أردت فعل ذلك لأريكم كيف من السهل والسريع انتقالكم من المنطقة الخضراء حيث كان الجميع تقريبًا في هذه الغرفة منذ دقيقة، إلى المنطقة الحمراء. وعندما تحدث فهي تحدث بهذه السرعة، وعندما تحدث، ليس لدينا دفاعات، نصبح خاصتهم، يمتلكوننا، يصبحون نظام التشغيل الخاص بنا، ويحددون كيف نرى بقية العالم بالخارج. المشكلة أن كل تلك أشياء بغير وعي. لذلك نحن حتى لا ندرك أننا نصبح دفاعيين حتى فوات الأوان. لذا، هذه هي فرضيتنا حول الدفاع. عندما نصبح دفاعيين، نحن لا ندافع عن أنفسنا أمام شخص آخر. نحن ندافع عن أنفسنا من مخاوف بداخلنا لا نريد الشعور بها. ثلاثة مخاوف كبرى تظهر طوال الوقت، مخاوف عن أهميتنا، أهليتنا وأن تكون محبوباً. دعوني أضرب لكم مثالًا، تخيلوا أن لدي بعض المخاوف عن كفائتي في أداء محادثة TED اليوم، وأقول إنه حقاً سيكون سيئًا، ربما ستختفي طائرتي وسأنسى الأشياء ولا أحد يأبه. يمكن أن يسبب لي ذلك كثيرًا من عدم الشعور بالراحة، لأنه صدقوني أنا لا أحب الشعور بعدم الكفاءةعلى الإطلاق. طريقة واحدة يمكن أن تجنبني الكثير من عدم الراحة هي أن أبدأ في لومكم، بعد كل ذلك لستم أذكى جماعة عملت معها من قبل. حقيقة، هل يعتقد أيًا منكم أنه من الممكن أن يعلم جميع الحضور أن يكونوا غير دفاعيين في الـ 18 دقيقة القليلة التي حصلت عليها لهذا؟ يمكن أن يبدو أنني أدافع عن نفسي من الحضور الرديء أو من موقف سيء، ولكن ما أفعله حقًا هو أنني أتصرف بطريقة تسمح لي بعدم التواصل مع تلك المخاوف. دفاعاتنا تساعدنا أن نخبئ مخاوفنا من أنفسنا. ولكن لسوء الحظ، هذا مروع جدًا مثل وضع كريمة مخفوقة على براز كلب، وأعرف أن هذا تعبير قبيح حقًا ولكن أراهن أنكم ستتذكرون هذا. إذا كنتم تصبحون دفاعيين، فهو بسبب أن هناك بعض الخوف هناك. ولكن بما أن معظمنا لا ينسجمون بما فيه الكفاية مع ذلك الخوف من فعل أي شيء تجاهه حتى فوات الأوان، ما يمكن أن يكون أكثر مساعدة لنا هو أن نبدأ في الانتباه لتصرفنا الخارجي الذي نفعله. عادة تكون إشاراتنا الدفاعية الخارجية أكثر سهولة لتحديدها في وقت مبكر من العملية. لذا، إذا علمنا ما هي إشاراتنا الدفاعية، يمكن أن يصبحوا نظامنا الإنذاري المبكر. على سبيل المثال: لاحظت أنه عندما أصبح دفاعيًا، تنفسي يصبح أسرع، أميل إلى التحدث بصوت أعلى، وعادة أشعر بسوء الفهم. لذا عندما عندما يقيمني أصدقائي وألاحظ أنني أتنفس بشكل أسرع، أتحدث بصوت أعلى وأشعر بارتياح شديد، يمكن أن تطلق أجراس الإنذار. (نج دنج دنج) جيم، انتبه! أنت تفعل ذلك الشيء، حينها يمكن أن أتخذ بعض الإجراءات. لذا، من الجدير أن تأخذ بعض الوقت لمعرفة ما هي إشارات دفاعك تحديدًا، ومن ثم اصنع نظام التحذير المبكر الخاص بك. الآن، توصلنا إلي قائمة بحوالي 50 إشارة دفاع مختلفة ولكن هؤلاء مجرد عدد قليل من أشهرهم. لذا، ألقِ نظرة على هذا وانظر إذا كان أي من هذه الأمور تبدو مألوفة إليك. إذا لم تر المفضلين لديك بالأعلى، أو الأهم من ذلك، إذا كنت جالسًا وسط الجمهور الآن تفكر بنفسك: "حسنًا، أنا لا أصبح دفاعيًا". دعني أقترح عليك أنك من المحتمل في حالة إنكار كاملة أو معالج بشكل مفرط، لأن هذه حالات بشرية. إذا كنت من القليلين على وجه الأرض الذين يظنون أنهم لا يصبحون دفاعيين، عندما تذهب إلى المنزل الليلة، أود منك أن تسأل زوجتك أو أطفالك، وجدت أن أفراد العائلة يودون وبشدة المساعدة في هذا الاختبار. وعادة يكونون دقيقين جدًا. لذا، وظيفتك أن تجد إشاراتك الدفاعية الخاصة بك، وبعد ذلك تكوين نظام التحذير المبكر الخاص بك، ثم عند تنبيهك أنك تصبح دفاعياً، إليك بعض الأشياء التي يمكنك فعلها يمكن أن تساعدك. أولًا: اعترف لنفسك أنك تصبح دفاعيًا. يمكن أن يبدو هذا غير مهم، ولكن إذا لم تلاحظه فلن تفعل أي شيء آخر. ثانيًا: افعل أي شيء لتبطئ وظائفك، ربما خذ جولة حول المبني وتنفس بعض الهواء النقي. أو إذا كنت عالقًا في اجتماع، تنفس بعمق. ثالثًا: انتبه إلى حديث نفسك. إذا كنت مندمجًا في حديث نفس سلبي، إراديًا حاول أن تحوله إلى شيء أكثر إيجابية وأقل سمية بقليل لك. رابعًا: كون ردة فعل تكون متعلقة بشكل مباشر لإشارتك الدفاعية أيًا كانت. على سبيل المثال: إذا كانت إشارتك هي الاندفاع بمعلومات لإثبات نقطة، ربما تكون ردة فعلك هي أن تهدأ لمدة 10 أو 15 ثانية، فقط، أغلق فمك. إذا كانت لديك شحنات عالية من الطاقة في جسدك، خذ بعض الأنفاس العميقة أو تخيل مشهدًا مريحًا. إذا كان سقوطًا مفاجئًا لمعدل ذكائك، افعل شيئًا يوفر لك بعض الوقت لتدع عملية تفكيرك تلحق ببقية جسدك، ربما أن تتسكع في غرفة الراحة لبضع دقائق. امرأة ما كانت إشارتها أنها دائمًا تريد الكلمة الأخيرة، ولذا جائتها تلك الصورة لنفسها واقفة بجوار باب قاعة المؤتمرات تلقي بآخر كلمة وتضرب الباب، وكانت طريقة ليست لتذكيرها فقط بما كانت تفعل ولكن أيضًا لكي تحسن حالتها المزاجية قليلًا. لذا، كون ردة فعل. خامسًا: هذا هو نموذج التعافي، هذا ليس نموذجًا للكمال. لذا، إذا أصبحت دفاعيًا كما سنفعل جميعًا، ستلاحظ وتفعل شيئًا ومن ثم ستبدأ من جديد وتترك الأمر. الخلاصة: عندما تغادر من هنا اليوم، ستكون الخطوتان الأكثر أهمية لك، الأولى: تعرف على إشاراتك الدفاعية وكون نظامك التحذيري الخاص، والثانية: تعرف على ردة فعل ومارسها. مارسها حتى تصبح ذاتية، لأن أسوأ وقت تتعرف فيه كيف تتعامل مع دفاعاتك هو عندما تكون دفاعيًا. الآن إذا استطعت فعل هذين الشيئين، أضمن لك، سوف تزيد فرصك بشكل ملحوظ وينتهي بك الأمر كشخص من المنطقة الخضراء عوضًا عن دجاجات المنطقة الحمراء. من كلمات أحد أحكم وأعظم فلاسفة العصر الحديث لدينا، ليس من السهل أن تكون أخضرًا. ولكن دعني أخبرك إنه أسهل بكثير وأكثر فعالية من أن تكون أحمرًا، يمكن أن يحدث ذلك تغييرًا عظيمًا في حياتكم، شكرًا لكم.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OrangeRed1234: gobbledygook.
  2. @wonderfullymoses: Awesome. But most of these red chickens will be too prideful to even start admitting they're getting defensive
  3. @ดิดไชยะวง-ฤ6ฦ: Great video, thanks for sharing!
  4. @kingstonrowanq: This should be trending.
  5. @SadieJ-n1x: so glad i found this defensive plays a huge roll in dynamics!!
  6. @JoanRodima: Everything was explained clearly.
  7. @قيصرالقيصر-ل4ج: Truly entertaining stuff.
  8. @MintuMandal-z6q: Love this energy.
  9. @HoaiLuong-u5z5n: This gave me goosebumps.
  10. @rebecaneal: This deserves more recognition.
  11. @AnthonyDavent: The pacing was perfect.
  12. @ChristineTeofilo-f9c: So much creativity in this.
  13. @SaraMorris-y6b: I think I’ve watched this three times now.
  14. @camposemely-p1w: I appreciate the effort here.
  15. @osricbatekone: Such a fun video to watch.
  16. @baksbanny-r7i: I appreciate the clarity.
  17. @TekoaKhano: This channel is criminally underrated.
  18. @thu-z5w: Such a satisfying video.
  19. @FonaseMlons: You explained it perfectly.
  20. @BenjyBelen: This was better than Netflix today.

- What You Should Know About YouTube's Monetization Update: Kind: captions Language: en - Some YouTubers are completely freaking out right now because of what's getting ready to happen on July 15th. They're worried that all the hard work that they've put into making videos and growing their YouTube channels is all going to go to waste. Because right now, there are posts all over the internet saying things like, "YouTube Will Stop Monetizing "AI-Generated/Low-Effort Videos. "YouTube's New Monetization Policy is Here, "and It's a Game-Changer. "YouTube prepares crackdown on mass-produced "and repetitive videos." There are also a lot of YouTube videos going up mass demonetization. "37% of YouTube Channels Demonetized. "YouTube Policy Ends Faceless AI YouTube Channels." And this has creators who make all kinds of content that uses any type of AI assistance, or maybe they do gaming content where they're not on camera, things like that, asking themselves, "How will the new YouTube monetization roles impact me?" Some creators are even getting discouraged from making content, like this creator who has an accent and uses AI voice that asks, "Should I still work on my channel? "after the recent YouTube update?" Here's what you need to know. Yes, YouTube is making an update, but those videos and posts that you're seeing are completely misleading you. Let me explain. YouTube posted an update in their YouTube Help center that says, "Updates to the YouTube Partner Program "Monetization Policies: "In order to monetize "as part of the YouTube Partner Program, "YouTube has always required creators "to upload 'original' and 'authentic' content. "On July 15th, 2025, YouTube is updating our guidelines "to better identify mass-produced and repetitious content. "This update better reflects "what 'inauthentic' content looks like today." Now, look, in fairness, YouTube is not always the best when it comes to communicating things like this. However, they did respond to a media outlet called Dexerto on X, who claimed, "YouTube is cracking down on unoriginal content "with major monetization changes starting July 15th. "Channels that do not meaningfully transform clips "risk losing monetization. "That includes reaction channels, "compilation pages, and more." Now, in addition to the community notes that were on that post, TeamYouTube, which is the official YouTube support, replied with, "Not exactly. "To clarify, this is a minor update "to our longstanding YouTube Partner Program policies "to help us better identify "when content is mass-produced or repetitive. This type of content has already been ineligible for monetization for years, and is content viewers often consider spam. Now, they posted this back on July 3rd. And since then, a lot of this content, a lot of this posts, a lot of media outlets have ran away with this, and I don't know if it's malicious or if they're just trying to get clicks. I don't know. But this whole thing has gotten so out of control that YouTube's Creator Liaison, Rene Ritchie, had to go and make a video about it to add clarity so that people would know what's going on. This is what he had to say. - If you're seeing posts about a July 2025 update to the YouTube Partner Program monetization policies and you're concerned it'll affect your reaction or clips or other type of channel, well, I'm Rene Ritchie. I'm a creator who works inside YouTube, and here's the deal. This is a minor update to YouTube's longstanding YPP policies to help better identify when content is That's it, that's all. - So if you make faceless YouTube videos, you're fine. If you make gaming videos, you're fine. If you repurpose your long-form content into shorts, you're fine. Even if you make AI content that everything is done with AI but it's put together in a way that isn't mass-produced and not spammy, you're also fine. So as usual, ignore the noise, make sure to subscribe, go make some great videos, and remember, you got this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [5 likes]: I made a very helpful iPhone app for YouTubers. You can see everything it currently has in this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptrAfkd6riA
  2. @philthelawnman [1 likes]: Youtube wants to change too often.  Let's all take 100% of our viewed videos away from you tube make all of them private. They sell ads on all my videos and stop paying.
  3. @Rkevents8tv [1 likes]: Let me wait to be monetized
  4. @deanbusch2727 [1 likes]: My channel DOC Z was denied, I did aa appeal video, within a couple hours they replied told me  I was denied AGAIN. I write and produce my own stuff its filmed as a series, in 3 videos I got over 30k views over 1300, subscribers and went over the hours of viewing required all in two months, none of my stuff is reused or AI.
  5. @Graceinpixels1: Oh my God I just got the updates after launching my new channel which basically is ai generated. I felt discouraged till I finally met this  video. Thanks, and be blessed ❤❤❤❤
  6. @gromorr: i make 5 seconds puzzle gaming videos will taht be called low effort because there is no editing which is required and what does it mean to me ? my views are good , I wanna keep posting such gaming videos for my channel
  7. @prm4uofficial: Really appreciate you breaking down what's actually changing on July 15th instead of just adding to the panic — the misinformation around monetization updates always spreads faster than the facts. For creators close to the eligibility thresholds, do you know if the new policy affects channels that were already approved, or is it mainly hitting those still trying to qualify? 🤔
  8. @back2the80s: As a viewer I find ai voices annoying. Then Lots of lazy content for clicks. Some even upload unfinished videos that clearly needed editing.
  9. @miekaxiii: Are we going to ignore the fact he’s your twin? 😂 2:44
  10. @tutacat: Nothing changed ;-)
  11. @NattyYouT: Maybe my channel will finally blow up 😅
  12. @demonocus: There is too much ai slop on youtube, i'm glad they are finally doing something about it.
  13. @YogiCecily: This is an awful change because ads are faceless and AI generated, constant and non-authentic.  How will creators create branding now?  Some of my favorite storytelling content is starting to feel like early cable with bad or non-existent intros and unrelated visuals.  Meanwhile adds, the same adds over and over again pop up.  Sigh…
  14. @kittenzoomies0713: YouTube: Demonetizes Innocent Doll Videos 
Also YouTube: Keeps Graphic Content That’s NSFW/NSFL
  15. @maila319: So can I make videos with a TTS voice as long as the script is mine?
  16. @icepicka4000: Wow this is a big news
  17. @ChudKunia: I’ve never seen it explained this way.
  18. @TringTran-d7x: I’m definitely coming back for more.
  19. @fionamehta3340: Lorraine Valentes Alternative Homestead channel has been demonitised this poor lady is a Targeted Individual who looks after animals.. they stopped her income!
She cannot afford to continue looking after her animals who are injured and left with her for help! 
Come on YouTube reinstate her monitary status.!!!
  20. @laytonbatchelor1473: Your hard work really pays off.

- Should You START A NEW Youtube Channel Or REBRAND An OLD One? [CONFIRMED For 2024]: Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Dave from unipro and in this video I'm going to show you what you should do if you're thinking about starting a new YouTube channel or if you're thinking about rebranding an existing channel that you don't use anymore because there's a very important situation where each of those could make sense for you and I'm going to show you the choice that I made that allowed me to grow my channel to almost 30,000 subscribers very very quickly so let's dive in so you've got an idea for a new YouTube channel and you're not sure if you should start from scratch or perhaps you have an old channel that just been sitting collecting dust and you're thinking about rebranding that channel which idea is better and maybe you've heard Arguments for both but the choice does matter there are definitely situations where it's best to start from scratch and there are other circumstances where you want to Rebrand your channel and I know because I went through this and figured this out personally let me show you I had a fitness YouTube channel and I had some videos that went sort of viral you can see here by the traffic some days I was getting up to 100,000 viewers on a particular day but the last video that I created for this Fitness YouTube channel was 7 years ago to transition my business and was now teaching about Facebook marketing and building online businesses and so I was faced with this question should I start a new YouTube channel dedicated to online business building or Rebrand my previous Fitness YouTube channel well I found that there are three pros for starting a completely brand new YouTube channel and the first is that you don't have any expectations as to what your video content is going to be about I'm going to show you an example here here's one of my videos it's called the three-part core training Series so this is a Core workout video and you can imagine my YouTube subscribers at the time they expected content like this and so if all of a sudden I switch from providing core workat to providing business advice not only could I annoy some of my subscribers but I would run the risk of my new videos getting negative reactions or negative comments from subscribers who expected to get Fitness content so starting a new channel eliminates all expectations from your existing subscribers second if you start a brand new YouTube channel you don't have any old outdated or embarrassing videos that you wouldn't want your new audience to see and third if you start a brand new YouTube channel you don't have any history of strikes or doing anything that could be a red flag in YouTube's books Let's go over here and we're going to take a look at the community guidelines their strip policy over at YouTube it says channels that are dedicated to violating our policies so basically channels that have a history of violating YouTube's policies or that have a single case of severe abuse on the platform will bypass any of our strike system and be terminated so starting a new YouTube channel eliminates any of the strikes that you might have accumulated in the past on your old Channel if you have any strikes and it allows you a fresh start so that your new channel doesn't have any risk of being shut down in the future so those are the pros or the advantages of starting from scratch but what if you have a YouTube channel that just sitting there you haven't been using it what are the advantages of taking that channel and rebranding it well the first obvious Advantage is that you could have an existing audience already built into your old Channel you'll see the stat here it says the average YouTube channel it takes 22 months to grow to 1,000 subscribers so if you have an existing channel that already has an audience base you've done the hardest work already by rebranding that channel you could be giving yourself a head start of months or even years however this is most worthwhile if your old channel is somewhat related to your new channel let me give you an example I had a fitness channel and if I was transitioning over to a cooking channel a lot of those people who are interested in exercise might also be interested in healthy eating or healthy cooking so the audience that we be passed from the old channel to the new channel will actually benefit that new channel because the subscribers are going to be getting content that they're likely to be interested in now the second benefit of keeping your old YouTube channel and rebranding it is keeping the clout that you built up with YouTube again let me show you an example here so over here we're taking a look at some of the content from my fitness YouTube channel and you'll see one of the videos here it had over 2 million views another one almost 600,000 views another one over 200,000 views this is what I mean by YouTube clout videos in the past have performed well therefore when you release new videos YouTube remembers that you've had success in the past and it's more likely to push your new videos out to a broader audience your algorithm is stronger because of the success that you've had in the past and the third benefit to keeping your existing YouTube channel and simply rebranding it is monetization you can see here that the YouTube Partner program eligibility looks like this you need 1,000 subscribers Plus either 4,000 valid public watch hours in the last 12 months or 10 million short views in the last 90 days in order to have your YouTube channel monetized this could be a lot of work for a new channel to accomplish so if your old channel has already met these requirements and your channel is monetized that might make it worthwhile keeping and rebranding so in conclusion if your old channel is not at all related to your new Niche if you don't have a big audience built up if you don't have any YouTube clout and if your old Channel isn't monetized it's likely the best decision to start fresh start a new YouTube channel however in my case here are the analytics from my fitness YouTube channel you can see that I had 9,000 subscribers so some audience was built up even though it was in different Niche you can see I had a couple videos that had popped off so I had some of that YouTube clo my YouTube algorithm had been strengthened and even though it's only $232 this channel was already monetized so made sense to keep this as a starting point Rebrand my channel knowing that some of my existing subscribers would not be interested in my new content and that's exactly what did happen let's take a look at subscribers here you can see that I started to make the transition to Wards creating business related content and notice here every time that this line graph dips below the zero that indicates a day where there're actually negative subscribers more people unsubscribed for my channel than subscribe and that happened for a period of about 6 months while my audience got used to the content that I was now putting out on YouTube and that's what you should expect as well if you decide to Rebrand your channel but overall losing those subscribers was worth it because you can take a look at my channel stats now and you can see that since rebranding I've had about 1.4 million views about 880,000 hours in watch time about 177,000 new subscribers who are there for the business related content and because I had rebranded my old channel that was already monetized you can see that it's been quite quick to build up the amount of money that YouTube pays me each month and the same will be true for you but all that to say YouTube is really just a hobby for me I build my real businesses on Facebook I have a secret weapon that allows me to do that it's called unipro unipro goes out onto Facebook it finds your ideal leads it brings those leads over into your audience it nurtures those leads it makes sure those leads see your content it engages those leads inside a messenger it makes them offers and helps your business close more deals unipro has been a game changer for my business and I know it will be for you as well if you're using Facebook to grow your online business so if you haven't checked out uni Pro yet go check it out go over to uno.com that's what I've got for you in this video all about starting a new YouTube channel or rebranding an existing Channel this was helpful give it a like if you have any comments or questions about potentially rebranding one of your channels leave those below I'm happy to help out and again if you're building your online business and you're using Facebook you got to check out unipro go over to uno.com I know you're going to love it thanks for checking out this video can't wait to see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CoachesOnFire [6 likes]: Looking for more ways to GROW your audience and MONETIZE on Facebook? Join our community where we post all of our resources, research and strategies: https://www.facebook.com/groups/audienceandinfluence
See you inside!
  2. @EtchAndSketch [3 likes]: I’m in this situation. I started my drawing channel and mind dumped all of my bipolar artwork on there. I’ve realized I can actually draw really well but I gained most of my subscribers from shorts and I worry if I pivot straight into realistic charcoal portrait that my videos will be fed to a shorts audience and get low views. I think I will start a new channel and only upload long form charcoal drawings. It’s a tough call. I went looking for views and clout and got stung 😂
  3. @ERUMZEESHAN [2 likes]: Same problem with me, i pivoted n now losing subs, so far 93 subs and no one is watchin😂
  4. @enchantedstories-b5n [1 likes]: thankyou so much i have just change my niche but did not getting good views
  5. @bougiestayspaid [1 likes]: Very helpful. I will start anew since I’m going a completely different direction
  6. @CalifornianGerman [1 likes]: great info thanks! I only have 5 subscribers but the new idea I have isn't too far off from my original theme, so hopefully I can hang onto the fantastic five :). On another note, these days why do people talk so fast in these explanatory videos? I had to stop a couple of times. It's not you specifically, it is a trend (for lack of better word) to spill out as many words as quickly as you can (for fear of losing audience?) It makes me want to say Don't worry dude I'm not going anywhere! This is youtube, the long-form content platform! (or maybe i am just old..)
  7. @plain.pocket25: Very helpful. Thanks!
  8. @Firsanar: very well sir
  9. @ZenthraEditx: Thank you
  10. @thepsychechannel101: Rebranding soon
  11. @freakwhim: I think this got me more confused
  12. @AlexesSchijon-ki5is: My old channel is h-anime I don't wish upload that kind of content anyone I wish to upload anime rpg game content what should I do

I have 13k sub
  13. @Faceless-Money-Talk: how about changing content only.
  14. @therelaxationist: Looking for any answers: I stupidly used fivr to boost my vids “organically” when I first started my channel several years ago. I stopped after a year of that but now my channel is so ignored by the algorithm. Even with elevated SEO, regular posts, engagement, etc. Did I ruin my chance of ever growing by doing that? Do I need to just start a new channel and lose the 1k subs I do have?
  15. @WuFitStudio: I have a cYouTube channel with about 90 subscribers, Most of these are friends and family who don't actually watch. I didn't know that when I started. Iwas wondering if I should start over and don't tell anybody or just keep creating on the current channel? It's a fitness and flexibility type channel.
  16. @BC_SideQuest: I currently have 2.5K subs on my gaming channel but it's all over the place. I want to re make my gaming channel to be more structured and organized but l'm debating rebranding vs starting new. Even with my current subs, only 6% of my views are from returning subscribers and 94% of views are not subscribed. So what would be the best thing to do here? Currently have 1M channel views And 500 videos uploaded
  17. @SnapFactz-zz: yed start
  18. @Singkoo2025: Thanks
  19. @muntazirdezyns: I have a graphic designing related chanel 9 months old. Last video upload 1 month ago .
 Should I work on it? 
My first video got 1.6k views on this channel. 
Should I work on it or start new channel! 3:00 ❤
Please guide me 😊
  20. @zippynext: if you created a new channel then what will you do with the videos you posted? can you resuse it?

- ‼️YouTube Has Changed Monetization for Faceless Channels! Don’t Apply Yet!: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of faceless channels have been getting rejected for monetization. And the sad part is that most of them wouldn't know what is going on until they get to the monetization threshold and then they get rejected. So, if you're running a faceless channel, please before you even go ahead to create your next video, just pause and understand what I'm going to be sharing with you in today's video so you do not waste your effort. I'm going to be sharing with you exactly what YouTube is reacting to behind the scene. Why some channels are getting approved and others are getting rejected even with the same metrics. I'm also going to be sharing with you solutions to all these and unique angles that you can start introducing to your videos so that your videos will not get rejected. And you want to stay with me till the end because I'm also going to be showing you how to appeal the right way in case your channel gets rejected, how to fix this. And this is where a lot of creators get it wrong. If this is your first time here, you are welcome. On this channel, I help both small and new content creators to get monetized fast but the right way by showing you mistakes you want to avoid on your YouTube journey and strategies that you want to by all means imbibe so that you do not have issues with YouTube. So, if this sounds like something you want for your channel, I will encourage you to go ahead, hit the subscribe button. Like I would always say, it is free of charge. And do not forget to give us a big thumbs up on this one so it can get to a lot more content creators like us. Now, before I proceed into explaining anything, I need you to understand something important. Monetization is not just about hitting numbers. YouTube is now reviewing channels like a system that is trying to answer one question. And that question is, does your channel seem original enough for them to recommend it to real viewers and for them to accept it into their partner program? Now, instead of calling some things mistakes, I'm going to share with you patterns that I've noticed over time from reviewing different channels. Because once you can understand these patterns, you understand why some channels pass easily when they get to the monetization threshold and why some get rejected even when everything seems right. Trust me. Now, the very first pattern is what I like to call the look-alike content channels. Now, you see this type of channels, they actually look so good. Like they look like nothing is wrong with them on the surface. But then when YouTube is reviewing channels like this, YouTube will be asking themselves like, uh-uh, I've seen like a thousand other channels like this particular channel. And do not forget that you have a million other creators in the same niche as you are. Many of them are using the exact same tools that you are using. So, the the the niche now looks like it has the same visuals, the same template, same style, same structure, same editing flow, everything the same, nothing distinct. So, you have to be very intentional about making your own stand out. Do you understand? You can decide that, okay, your own because many people are using maybe realistic images, you can decide to use cartoon images, 3D style images. You can decide to use um stickman images. You can decide to use sketches for your own. Your own doesn't have to flow with every or follow exactly what every other person is doing. At the same time, you don't have to follow everything that is trending. I was telling one of my students, I think 2 days ago or so, I was telling her that do you know that instead of you following everything that is trending, you can be the one to create something that would be trending and people will follow you? Isn't it sweet? So, make your own unique in its own. At the same time, this particular thing that I even want to say is because of something I saw in on one of my In fact, not just one person, a number of people's channels that I've reviewed and people that I've coached. Now, this particular person reached out to me wanting me to help with the application process for monetization. And usually, I would just go ahead to help you to just apply since that's what you paid for. But this particular time, this particular person, my mentor just told me that, you know what, go through this person's channel. Just go through this person's channel before you help. And then when I got went through it, I just told the person that your channel is not even eligible for monetization. Fine, you've hit the numbers, but you need to do more. You need to do more tweakings on your channel. I had to tell her, "Okay, go ahead. Delete this one. Privatize this one. Do this. Do that." Before we now went ahead to now start the application process. Now, if you have a faceless channel, ensure that your images number one, you're not letting one image stay on your channel for like 3 minutes before you change to the next image. This might seem like far it's far-fetched, but this is something that I have I have seen. I've seen people that have one particular image is staying on for like 8 minutes, even 10 minutes, even throughout the whole video. And this applies to whether it's a prayer channel, whether it's a storytelling niche, motivational niche, whatever face As long as it's a faceless channel, you don't show your face. Ensure that you are constantly changing your images after every 4 to 5 seconds because you know that you have an end goal, which is monetization at the end. The only time you might want to leave your your images like that is when you feel like, "Oh, you're just creating content for the fun of it. You don't intend getting monetized." Asides that, ensure even Ensure that even if you have maybe static images because I know there are some people that just use images. While there are some people that decide to make their own images into videos. Different patterns, which is okay. But then, if you know that you want to use just images, ensure that your images you are they are not just static. Even if you're changing them every 5 seconds, do not let them just be static. After one, the next, the next. It'll seem like a slideshow thing, and YouTube will take it as a low-effort produced content. Do you understand? So, add an animated effects to it. If you go on CapCut, let's assume you're using CapCut to edit. You're going to see animation there. Use it to just tweak the images. Don't let it be just static. Add key frames. Zoom in, zoom out. And also, when you have created your script, let's assume you use ChatGPT to create your script. Many millions of other people are using the same ChatGPT. So, what you want to do is to go through your script. After you must have given ChatGPT your own idea, you now go through the script. When you go through the script, you're going to see some things that you feel like, "No, this would be too related to other people's stuff. Let me tweak it." So, you can go ahead to now, you know, use the voice note and still tell ChatGPT that, "Okay, ChatGPT, change this particular thing. Change that particular thing." That's the very first pattern I've noticed with a lot of channels. Now, the second pattern is what I call high-volume, low-depth channels. Now, these are channels that put out a lot of content almost just for the sake of putting out content. And the thing about these channels is YouTube would look at it as though, "Oh, this channel is just creating content for output and not necessarily creating content for impact." And that's the reason most of my students, especially those who are into faceless content, I tell them that any storytelling video you are creating must have a moral lesson. Let people watch it and be like, "Okay, let them even argue in the comment section that, 'Oh my goodness, this is what this person did that is not good. This, that, that, that. Oh, I love how how you actually educated people.'" I even watched one yesterday where the person was saying that, "I'm going to share this video to as many young ones as as I can so that it can help them." Why? Because it carried something clear, a moral lesson. Let your videos carry a clear structure, real message. Let it impact people. Let it have an identity. Don't just upload randomly. Do you know there are some people that actually upload like four, five, six videos per day? And you think you're actually doing the right thing. You think you're You're being hard-working. You're putting in a lot of effort. No. It is possible for you to be consistently doing the wrong thing, and it's possible for you to be doing uploading few videos where you're uploading them strategically. So, instead of you focusing on, "Oh, the number of videos that you're going to be posting," focus on creating fewer videos but with better quality, high quality. Aside that, there's something I even forgot to mention. You see there are some faceless channels that have very, very awkward thumbnails. For example, you have on your thumbnail a child a minor having horns or having long tongue or having tails. Sometimes YouTube would be against that, especially when you're using minors. So, try to be It's not every That's why I said it's not everything that is trending that you go ahead to impute into your own channel, into your own videos. Please. Now, this next pattern is what I see a lot of creators struggling with the most, and this is no voice identity. Now, when YouTube cannot feel human presence in your content or YouTube cannot just your your content doesn't feel like it is identified with a particular human, it would seem somehow. And that's the reason sometimes I tell people that your own voice is also okay for In fact, it's perfect for monetization. Do you know that I've watched videos that went viral, faceless channels, and these people used their own voices, and and they're monetized, and they're getting over 300k views on their videos. And the thing with storytelling channels is you can easily create long videos, and a lot of people would watch your videos, even binge-watch. Do you know how much you'll be making? Now, you might want to say, "Oh, you're not comfortable with using your own voice." You can use If you're not comfortable with your voice, you can use AI realistic voices. And that's the reason I tell people that, please, you can go ahead to subscribe. One very good platform that a lot of people use is ElevenLabs. If you can, please just go ahead subscribe because ElevenLabs has very good voices. I was reviewing one of my students' Not reviewing, I was Of course, it was a class, so of course, I was also reviewing the class. And when I was watching, before I even ask her for the two shoes, I told her that, "You use ElevenLabs for this, right?" She was like, "Yes." I said, "I know, because it sounds human." Do you understand? And another thing is you want to add commentaries. I'm not I'm just suggesting to you different styles. Now, you can decide to add commentaries to your own. There's a particular content creator that I watch because I I try to make a lot of research. I watch a particular content creator. She has a faceless channel, but she decided to add her own unique perspective to it, where she would show her face and tell you, "This particular video you're about to watch, blah blah blah." And at the end, she would still show her face again. That is a strategy. That's even the strategy I use on my second channel. It's a faceless channel or it's supposed to be a faceless tutorial channel, but at the beginning and at the end, I show my face. There are some people that you can tell you can add commentary. I I say that there are some other creators that add both narration and dialogue. So, it doesn't have to be dialogue or transcript. It can even help you to be easier for you to create. Do you understand? So, mix Let there be a mix. Just think of how to be very creative with your own. Don't just post just like that. Because the goal is not just to publish content. The goal is actually to create a voice that seems consistent. Now, the next pattern, before I go ahead to tell you tools to use, how to appeal, and all of those things. The next pattern is what I call the disconnected channel behavior. Now, this is where every video just seems random. Like, it just seems scattered. It's either you're creating one on AI movie, another one on random facts, another one on motivation, another one on suspense, different different things. Try to pick one particular direction and stick with it. I tell people that, "See, this YouTube thing has to do with patience, res- resilience. If you started something, stay on that thing. Don't just give up on that thing easily." If you do not give up easily, that is when you're going to see the results from that particular thing. And that's why sometimes I I advise some of my students to create a series-based content. If you're doing storytelling, and it even allow for audience retention on your channel, not just your videos. Create maybe this one episode one, episode two, if it is storytelling channel, episode three. Let everything just feel connected. Even if you're trying to bring in content pillars, let them still feel connected. Now, when it comes to tools, be careful what you use. You see all these Because some people have asked me. I responded to somebody this morning. Some people have asked me, "What about CapCut sounds?" See, there are some I do not personally vouch for CapCut. There are some robotic voices in CapCut that I do not personally vouch for when it comes to monetization on YouTube. All these normal CapCut sounds, TikTok sounds, unedited clips, no transformation, sometimes it could be clips from your own channel. You'd see that sometimes I might use the same clips from a particular video on another video, but I don't just use it like that. It's either I make reference to those clips or I transform them. So, be careful the type of tools you use. Sounds that sound too robotic, be very careful. YouTube will actually check your channel, check your channel behavior before they will now accept you into the partner program. So, if you're not doing the right thing, they will not accept you. And that's why you keep seeing reused content, inauthentic content, mass-produced content. Now, let's assume you have already gotten rejected or you get rejected. That's not our prayer, but it happens. What you want to do is, if you know that you actually violated, you actually violated that particular guideline because you're going to see it in the end page of your YouTube Studio. They will show you what actually happened. If you know that you actually violated it, you don't want to appeal. If not, you will complicate issues for your channel. What you want to do is to just go ahead, delete the videos that violated the guideline. Do you understand? Once you delete, what you want to do is to now keep uploading good videos. Don't just stop and wait for the time for reapplication. No. Just keep uploading, keep uploading good videos. Then, when it now gets to the time for re- to reapply, you can go ahead to reapply. But, let's assume you know that you did not do anything wrong. You want to go ahead to appeal. Now, when you are appealing, your video should not should just be like 3 to 4 minutes. Please, be in front of the camera, show your face. Sometimes, I mean, I know there was one person that reached out to me. That person did not show his face or her face, and YouTube still accepted because we're trying to look into it whether YouTube will accept or not and YouTube still accepted accepted. The only thing is I ensure the person puts in the right things. Okay, when you are appealing, tell YouTube, "Hi YouTube, my name is this. This is the name of my channel. Blah blah blah blah blah happened. Now, this is the way I create my videos. So, you're going to be showing yourself at the same time you're going to be showing your screen record. Go ahead and show YouTube this is how I create my video. These are the tools that I used to edit. This is how I do it. Be humble, though. Be very humble when you're telling YouTube all of these things. Then, you also want to put your channel URL. Type it on the screen. After typing it on the screen, when you're uploading, you're going to see a space to put your channel URL. Also, paste it there. There's a particular person too that reached out to me. This was the the thing that made YouTube reject her channel appeal because she did not put the channel URL. So, what I just told her was to go ahead, put it You can see it's the same video. Just put the channel URL in the link and then put it on your screen also. Just type it on your screen. So, once you're done appealing, send it to them as an unlisted video and it will be accepted as long as you did not initially violate any guideline. Another thing is you want to be careful with the email accounts and the AdSense account that you use across multiple channels. Don't just be using it anyhow because it's something that can actually flag your accounts. Be very, very careful. Then, one more tip. This is just a bonus tip to my people. You want to also be adding your watermark to your videos and to your thumbnails so that YouTube will be able to identify your own as your own original um video or your own original content or thumbnail. I also created an AI video, like a video showing you the tutorial of how to create your AI videos. Maybe I will link it in my description box so that you can watch it and understand genuinely how to properly create your videos. I'll see you either on this one or my next one. Until then, bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gloryceeyeditingacademy1 [44 likes]: Contact me: gloryceeybusiness1@gmail.com
  2. @nakalyangosylivia-fi4ku [8 likes]: I made 150 subscribers today, what a journey!!!!!!
  3. @OfficialPrinceD [1 likes]: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..❤❤❤
  4. @Love-Unfiltered1 [1 likes]: Do you coach, I'm interested?
  5. @GodwillAutomates: Nice and educative video. Thanks for sharing
  6. @TheFinancialAwakening1: Great information.. thanks
  7. @Funny_Protocol: Got Monetized in 6th May, and on 12th May got a suspended warn to demonetized on 18th of May, unless I submit appeal video before that date. Submit the appeal video 2 days ago, and didn't won the appeal, in the end I got struck by demonetized yesterday

it's kinda annoying for me, but it's very embarrassing for Youtube as whole company since why they approved me to YPP, and then put me out of it a week later for an unauthentic content reason.. 

it's really ridiculous, don't get what standards they used while approving new channel into YPP and what standards they used while demonetized me, it just a week later, nothing changed in my contents unless my subs is growing to 23k from 9k just in a week 😅😅

Youtube, you really need to evaluated your reviewer for sure 🙈🙈🙊🙊🙉🙉
  8. @akays: Hi I'm new here and I'm going for the music niche. Is that ok?
  9. @Beginsewingwithchichi: I want to give àway my monetised channel, i have some pressing needs
  10. @hidden_money_secrets: my channel has not been growing maybe because of my inconsistency
  11. @WealthBehindFame-j5l: My Chanenel did 41 subs in one month. Not fast, but I'm trusting the process. This video is really helpful. Thanks
  12. @EcomGlobalLink-l3: How to become your student?
  13. @TalesbyOluchukwu: All small YouTuber gather here let's vibe
  14. @TalesbyOluchukwu: I'm new, let's grow
  15. @OdufaEmeka: I did all these and my channel was demonetized
  16. @Realyouthtv: They don't like us as small content creators nothing she say will work to everyone who is reading this don't invest your time in YouTube totally waste of time and energy to my understanding they are paying out too much money so if you don't get monetize for get abut it they will find all type of excuse just not to monetize you. guys TikTok better than YouTube
  17. @tosinrachael4457: I want to be your student,how can I be one?
Your number ma'am
  18. @Annewealth: Thanks
  19. @VickandCent: Hi please  I need your help on my YouTube channel.  Please can I get  your contact?
  20. @VerOdhin: If you create AI videos using grok and chat gpt and your monetization gets suspended, do you advice appealing?

- +50 Cool Life Hacks That Are Worth Memorizing: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] forgot to put your drink in the fridge wrap a wet paper towel around it and put it in the freezer in just 15 minutes your drink will be ice cold you can paint the end of your keys with different colored nail polish so you can easily identify which key is which to stop your wrapping paper from enrolling you can cut open an old toilet paper roll and use it as a cuff in order to pour the perfect amount of oil or salad dressing poke holes in the foil seal rather than removing it completely this prevents a big amount rushing out quickly to prevent band-aids from slipping off your finger cut a line on either side the band-aid not the finger this will create four smaller sticky strips rather than one large one and it will be much easier to secure when your candle is burned down and the wick is difficult to reach with a lighter you can use a stick of spaghetti just light the end and you'll have a longer stick that burns just as well so you can get to those hard to reach places secure a rubber band over the top of your paint can so that you can wipe excess paint onto it this stops paint running down the sides of your can and keeps things neat and tidy if you're struggling to get your taco shells to stay in place use a muffin tray flip the tray upside down spray it with oil and place your tortillas in the gap cook them for around 10 minutes at 700 degrees for the perfect crispy taco shell you can use a water bottle to separate egg yolks hold the bottle over the yolk and squeeze it to suck the yolk up drop it into a separate bowl and you're good to go looking for a lost earring or pin on the floor place a stocking over the end of your vacuum and move it over the floor the small object will get picked up without getting vacuumed next time you're struggling to clean your ceiling fan use a pillowcase slide the pillowcase over each blade to wipe off the dust this way excess dust is caught inside the pillowcase and won't rain down on you poke a straw through your cherries to remove the stems it's much quicker and this way you don't waste as much fruit if you're struggling to put a bracelet on your own hand try using a paper clip open up the paper clip and slip it through the loops on the end of your bracelet hold the clip in the middle of your hand with your fingers then flip the bracelet around your wrist you should then be able to easily clasp it shut to properly clean your blender fill it with soap and hot water switch it on for around 10 seconds and let the swirling water do the hard work then just rinse it off and it's clean put down a strip of masking tape before nailing into plaster walls the tape should stop the plaster from flaking or spreading dust all over the floor when you're heating up leftovers make a space in the middle with a spoon the food will heat up much more evenly avoid the mess and frustration of peeling an orange by slicing off one end of the fruit then cut four to six slices and you'll find the peel will come off much easier if you're struggling to use your butter because it's too cold try using a cheese grater just grate the butter to make your life much easier you can make a diy garden sprinkler using an old plastic bottle find some holes all over the bottle and then tape it to the end of your hose pipe if your shoes smell bad put a few dry tea bags into the shoe the tea bags will absorb the smell potato chips are a perfect fire starter the fat oil and chemicals inside make them super easy to burn and yet we still eat them can you see the irony try using toothpaste to remove small scratches on furniture rub a pea-sized amount on the scratch in a circular motion until the scratch buffs out then wipe it with a damp cloth and voila candle wax that's been spilled on furniture can be removed with ice cubes rather than ruining the finish by trying to scrape it off fill a plastic bag with ice and let it sit on the wax for a few minutes the wax will then cool and harden making it much easier to pick off drill a couple of small holes in the bottom of your trash can to stop the bag getting stuck when you pull it down the hole stop the vacuum-like effect that keeps the bag pinned down crayon marks on the wall are a parent's nightmare but you can use a hairdryer to get them off keep the marks for a few seconds to soften the wax and then you should be able to just wipe it away if you don't have the correct size coin to put in your shopping cart next time you go to the supermarket you can use your key instead if you have a key with a rounded end you can insert that where the coin would go and the cart should unlock you can easily remove the sticky residue from jars using cooking oil soak a cotton pad in some oil then rub it on the sticky area allow it to sit for a few minutes then it should wipe away easily store your cotton buds in a toothpick bottle this type of packaging usually has a dispenser in the lid it will allow you to pull out one cotton bud at a time and you can be sure the remaining supply of your hygiene items is protected from dirt and water pretty handy especially on the road a toothpick container is also a great storage solution for glitter let's say you're going to a music festival put your glitter in the bottle and pour the needed amount through the small holes in the lid when you need it and the rest of the time the lid will protect your bag from spills if you don't trust the design of your toothpick container use some tape to secure the lid to the bottom part before you go the ring holder on your phone case makes it easy to use your device with one hand you can send texts take selfies and watch videos while lying on your sofa but it turns out that ring holders can also help with cooking remove the ring and attach it to a standard metal jar lid place the lid vertically on the food you're currently slicing and hold it this way your fingers will be protected from accidents and the slices will be evenly sized tea candles usually come in small aluminum cups when the wax burns out you can take two cups and make a tiny box for storing small items such as push pins jewelry paper clips and so on first remove the remaining wax clean the cups and make two small triangle folds opposite each other this will make the diameter of the bottom cup slightly smaller than that of the top one this top cup will serve as a lid you can also use a small piece of tape to secure it to the bottom part when you're going on vacation you can store mini soap picnic spices vitamin pills and ear plugs in such boxes don't forget to mark them with a permanent marker or stickers to avoid confusion on the way a plastic toothbrush container makes a great travel box for small jewelry or memory cards no need to spend tons of money on a fancy phone holder fold the temples of your sunglasses this way and put them on a flat horizontal surface now you can put your phone inside the emergency holder and shoot your tick tocks right away if you have an empty tic tac container at hand this phone holder idea is for cut the box into equal vertical parts like this prepare a piece of cardboard slightly larger than your phone glue the tic tac halves to the cardboard so that your phone fits perfectly in the middle of this construction voila also feel free to make the same holder for your tablet but make sure that your gadget isn't too heavy for here's another budget idea don't rush to throw away an empty tape roll use a ruler to mark two points on the opposite sides of the roll then cut out two small inches that will hold your phone perfect balance and almost zero waste cut used plastic straws into small rings put two to three tablespoons of this stuff on a clean sheet of paper then place a sheet of paper on top of it and iron the whole thing the rings will stick together into a single piece of plastic cut out an even circle and you can use it as a coaster for glasses and mugs use a meat beater to decorate your cookies place equal balls of dough on a baking tray now press them down with your favorite side of the beater you can dip the beater in cinnamon before doing this to add flavor to your cookies after baking you'll get a pattern that can be covered with cream or honey a simple plastic bottle cap can make a great emergency soap tray butter from the fridge is usually too hard and cold to use right away there's a way to speed up the process fill a large mug with hot water and wait until the material it's made of heats up then pour the water out and cover the butter with the mug the surface of the butter will melt and you'll be able to spread it on your toast with no problem and if you need to soften the entire piece for baking cut the butter into small pieces and hold them under the hot mug for a bit longer you can reuse a plastic lid of wet wipes remove it from the package and stick it to the hard cover of a sketchbook or notepad now you have a pocket to store small stationery or you can secure two plastic lids together and get a comfy travel box for pills earplugs and other small objects if you have a lot of old lego pieces that you don't use don't throw them away build a fancy birdhouse or a colorful pot for home plants you don't need to use a single nail to build this storage system use double sided tape or glue to stick a flat lego panel on the wall next to your entrance door add this specific lego piece to every keychain that belongs to you and your roommates now you can store all your keys in one place lego also makes a great book holder or a stand for mugs and candles have you run out of picture frames no problem use two large clothespins as a stand attach them to the bottom edges of your image and a creative picture frame is ready you can make it more stable by gluing the photo to a piece of cardboard you can also use the same construction as a napkin holder when you're dining outdoors you heat a pack of popcorn in the microwave and there are small unpopped grains left you can get rid of them before you open the bag see this little tiny hole at the top shake the pack over the plate and all the grains will fall out of the hole it's much better to peel off the stickers not from the bottom to the top but tear them off from the side this way the paper remains flat and its low side doesn't bend peel the banana starting from the top then you will not have to squeeze the bottom of the fruit the hole on the pan handle can be used not only to hang it on the wall you can insert a spoon into this hole while cooking a soup cardboard containers with chinese food can be opened so that four paper walls lie flat on the table so all you need to do is unfold the container this way you'll get a very realistic plate and scorching food will cool down faster an easy way to peel an orange is to cut off the top and end of the orange then cut it in the center to the middle then unroll the fruit almost all people misuse a travel pillow usually the two ends of the u-shaped cushion are directed forward the correct position is to turn the pillow on the other side the arc should be under your chin and the two ends should look back your neck will feel much more comfortable in this position and you'll get a great nap your ceiling fan has two modes for winter and summer you need to find the switch on your fan switch up to start winter mode or down for summer mode in summer mode the fan pushes the air down and it sucks the air up in winter mode according to the rules of etiquette you must first let those who leave the room building elevator out and only then can you enter first they come out then you come in if you're inside then you come out first this simple rule will help to avoid a collision in restaurants and cafes toothpicks are always on the table most people use them incorrectly when they pick their teeth immediately after eating the correct and cultured way is to go into the restroom and carefully pull out all the food leftovers from your mouth here's the right way to tie a garbage bag without making this little hole on the top don't tie these thin straps together hold them up make a knot wrap them around the knot through the loop and here you have a good tight seal to properly dry your sneakers in the dryer you need to tie the laces together then put the sneakers inside the dryer but leave the laces tips sticking out close the lid so that it clamps the shoelaces done wired headphones fit much better in your ear if you put them on in a way when the tips with the wire direct up then the wire can be put around the oracle so your headphones will not fall out of the ear a bobby pin should be attached with the wave side closer to the head then it will not fall out of your hair don't brush your teeth with an electric toothbrush using fast movements the electronic toothbrush should pass smoothly through the teeth you can tear a bag of sugar with one hand hold the bag above a mug just place it on your index and middle finger then press your thumb into the middle of the bag it will break the center and sugar will easily pour out when you pour juice or milk keep the neck of the box at the top above the glass then there will be less splashing you wear sunglasses and enter the room where are you going to hide them do you leave it on your head hang it in your shirt collar or put it in your pocket the best way is to put the glasses in the breast pocket so the lenses will be inside and only one temple sticks out of the pocket your glasses will be safely inside and the lenses will be protected from damage when you flush the toilet always cover it with a lid small imperceptible particles of dirty water and germs splash when pressing the flush button while keeping the toilet lid open you don't have to tear off the plastic sheeting from the dishwasher tablet and crumble it just put it in the tank and close it the water will dissolve the sheeting it doesn't work with all the brands out there so check the instructions the compartment under the stove is not properly used when you put only pans and pots inside you can put dishes with food there the heat from the oven will keep the food warm this is useful when you're waiting for guests who are running late almost everyone has a plunger with a round rubber shape in the movies we have seen how many times it's used to eliminate a blockage in the toilet in fact this plunger is needed to eliminate a blockage in the sink for the toilet you need to use another special plunger you're eating a taco and all the food is falling out on the other side put another tortilla on a plate all the fallen food will be on it and thus you have another small taco using a vegetable peeler most people make only one forward movement to cut the peel then they put the blade back and cut off the peel again you can cut the peel in the opposite direction and move the peeler back and forth it will be faster and more efficient don't tuck the belt from the bathrobe through the back pull it out and thread it in a loop on the side of your stomach after that tie the belt as you like this way the bathrobe will snuggle tighter to the body most of us use toilet paper seat covers incorrectly the correct way is to put the paper so the round side in the middle looks into the back part of the toilet advertisements show us that we need to cover the entire surface of the brush with toothpaste one small pea is enough to brush your teeth companies want you to use the paste fast and buy another one that's why they show this wrong and uneconomical way microwavable instant rice loves to fall over in the microwave if you're me that is and like me you've probably struggled with keeping the package upright as it turns out the flaps that fold out from the bottom create a nice sturdy base push them out and give it a try hey why didn't i learn this in school has that half finished two liter bottle of soda left over from pizza night gone flat rather than pouring it down the drain add it to your compost heap the sugar feeds good microorganisms and increases the acidity of the pile helping organic material break down faster any pair of scissors will go blunt sooner or later but don't let that stop you there's a product in your kitchen that can help bring them back to life fast aluminum foil isn't just for leftover lasagna fold a sheet of it into quarters and start cutting cutting through the foil will sharpen those scissors right up but not if they're too blunt rescue them while there's still time those little escalator brushes aren't there to clean your shoes even though they can do a rather good job these bristles are actually a serious safety feature without them clothes shoelaces and bags can get caught in them when they're too close to the sides the little brushes are also there to tickle you to remind you to look down and take care hey i always thought it was a bug rubbing up against me half belts seriously what's up with those things well some military jackets used to double as blankets and the half belt help keep the extra material from getting in the soldier's way nowadays they're mostly used as a fashion accessory accidentally stapling the wrong pages together is like the worst thing ever well there are worse things but it's certainly annoying especially if the staple takes out a huge piece of your document with it when you try to pry it off there's actually a simple way to make sure that the stapler pins are less tight and easier to pull out take a close look at that metal plate at the front of your stapler known as the anvil turn the stapler upside down and adjust the settings you're basically changing the stapler setting to temporary no more tears no more tears mention my name and you'll get a good seat toilet seat covers have been used wrong for way too long i see you ripping off that flap that looks like a tongue no you're doing it all wrong instead of tearing it off let the flap sit in the bowl after you put it down the cover when you flush the suction will pull on the flap and take it away aren't you glad you know that now that dark square or rectangle at the end of your toothpaste tube what does that mean is it color-coded to show what ingredients are in there or does it show whether the toothpaste synthetic or natural well sorry but the truth isn't that exciting the markings are there for the assembly machines they help the machines know where to cut and fold each tube we've all driven home from the supermarket taking a right turn a little too hard and crash sounds like the groceries volcano just erupted in the trunk look closely in the trunk you might see some little hooks in there you can hang your bags on them yeah some cars have them behind the front seats instead you can use them to hang clothes or even your takeout bag you may have noticed that members of the flight crew like to touch the overhead compartments while they're walking down the aisle they don't have a weird desire to touch everything there are actually handles along the edges to give them a better grip while walking go ahead and use them the next time you feel like a midair stroll it's definitely better than grabbing onto everyone's head rests don't you hate that a shiny brass doorknob adds just the right amount of fancy to your front door but that's not all it does brass like anything with copper alloy in it has anti-microbial properties that many harmful germs and bacteria just can't stand in high traffic areas these brass knobs and handles are the perfect way to get rid of those nasty germs without having to use harsh chemicals all the time the only downside is that brass is a lot more expensive than other metals that might be why it's hardly used for this anymore does your toothbrush have a pattern of blue bristles weaved in with the white ones it makes the toothbrush look a lot more stylish but it's not just about looking good those bristles actually have a practical purpose the blue dye is designed to wear off around the same time as when you should replace your toothbrush you should be switching out your toothbrush every three to four months anyway but those blue bristles are there to give you a gentle nudge just in case you forget now you walk over them every day and never think about it twice but is there a reason maintenance hole covers are always round in past civilizations like ancient rome these covers used to be square-shaped slabs of stone but all those edges and gaps led to plenty of stubbed toes and accidents for unsuspecting romans a round cover eliminated the problem plus it meant you could only open it with a specialized tool probably a good idea the thermos was invented by a scottish scientist but not for keeping his coffee warm he just wanted to keep some chemicals at a stable temperature he placed a small bottle inside of a larger one and then sucked all the air out from between the two bottles this same technique is used to make the modern thermos those paper toilet seat covers aren't meant to be used the way many do ripping off that flap that looks like a tongue is not the right way instead of tearing it off or sticking it at the back let that flap sit in the bowl after putting down the cover flushing will allow the suction to pull down the flap and take it away you no longer need to touch it after using it that's a relief on so many levels there isn't much privacy in a public toilet especially when the door doesn't reach the floor those gaps work for ventilation and to stop people from lingering around for too long it also allows emergency access in case the person inside needs immediate attention meanwhile ceiling fans aren't just for hot days there's a little switch on top that can change the direction of the fan the summer setting runs counterclockwise to suck the cooler air up while the winter setting moves clockwise pushing the warmer air down full signal bars on your cell doesn't mean you've got the best signal at all every phone manufacturer uses their own algorithm that senses the strength level of the available signal from that they can show as many or as few bars as they choose there's quite a bit of difference between the bars from one phone to another me i prefer chocolate bars pre-rinsing your dishes before putting them into the dishwasher might be all for nothing most modern dishwashers have sensors inside to sense how dirty your plates are this allows them to wash the dishes with a controlled amount of water scrape any solid food away and stack properly allowing the dishwasher to do the hard work that little disc that's underneath bottle caps isn't just a leftover part of the production process it creates an even tighter seal with a lid so even if you turn the bottle upside down the liquid doesn't leak out everywhere that plastic disc keeps carbonated sodas carbonated for longer as well so keep it if it's going back into the fridge placing a wooden spoon across a pot of cooking pasta can prevent the water from boiling over this will destabilize the bubbles when they contact the spoon preventing a spill over onto the stove top now you tell them a progress bar at 50 doesn't mean half of the file has been downloaded almost all of the files could have been downloaded or none they're just there to ease your mind internet speeds and network availability are the keys to how quickly a download will complete the computer's hard drive decides how to process and put the files where they need to be which will run slower if it's old or full to make the perfect smoothie put the liquids in first then add any ingredients after you've put milk coconut water coffee or yogurt this will allow the perfect swirl to blend everything properly that hole inside the pasta fork stirrer doesn't only drain water out it's a great measuring tool for how much spaghetti to cook per person the hole is the recommended amount for a single serving speaking of openings metal zippers have a hidden lock built in wasn't that clever putting the zipper downwards creates a lock with the teeth of the zipper if left in the upwards direction it's free to move around pressing the crosswalk button won't always make the walk signal come up these buttons can be divided into three categories the first needs to be pressed the second won't work and the third requires a push of the button to activate that walk signal after a certain time in the day it all depends on what city you're in the time of day and where you are in that city i wish there was a fourth category that would squirt water at the person next to you when pressed but hey that's just me sticky notes are meant to be removed from the block at a side angle pulling from the bottom just makes the paper curl up and not as sticky over time the drawer at the bottom of your oven isn't meant to be a storage locker for all the fry pans pots and baking trays it's actually a warming door this will keep hot foods at a nice temperature ready for serving tin foil and plastic wrap boxes have a special design on there to hold that roll in place a cardboard tab on each end that works like a lock push those tabs in and the roll will stay inside the box that little pocket on your jeans wasn't designed for loose change or keys they're originally designed for the pocket watch in the 1890s around those pocket areas there are rivets sticking out as well they're there to help reinforce the sensitive areas of the jean that get the most wear and tear repeatedly pushing the closed door button on a u.s elevator isn't going to make it close any sooner in 1990 the u.s passed a disabilities act for elevators which meant that elevators had to ensure that someone with a disability had time to get inside one the only people who can bypass this are emergency workers in building maintenance they'll have keys or even special codes that make that button operational erasers usually have two different colored sides pink and blue the pink is for the pencil but so is the blue the blue side is made for thicker pages like what an artist would use it's not made to remove penning as many people believe that's because people who write in pen don't make mistakes nah i'm just kidding the rear view mirror glass isn't truly flat as it looks it's thicker on one side than the other the toggle switches the mirror between the day and night mode when a car is behind you at night there will be glare coming off their headlights that are potentially blinding to the driver pushing that little switch down or up changes the way light passes through it and reflect it back pouring out juice or milk with a spout at the bottom leads to a glugging effect that splashes the liquid all around to avoid this flip the carton around with the spout on the top this allows better airflow to happen allowing a more even flow

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nairolyntech [1 likes]: saving these for later fr
  2. @ivanmaric5218: Thank you thise super trick, thank you wery much
  3. @ȘtefanIonescu-n3d: Cool Life Hacks really
  4. @cal3_bm: This was actually really insightful, the way everything was explained makes it easy to understand and stay engaged 👏
  5. @didyouknowwhy-facts: These are useful tips😊
  6. @Smartify_Life1: Amazing actually I like that
  7. @itsaustinbb: Really enjoyed watching this, the way it was presented made it quite engaging 👍
  8. @LOLDrops69: Nice🦾
  9. @VladDumitrescu-f6s: Thanks for guide
  10. @ChristopherEvans-b9z: cool guide
  11. @OniLoop: cool hacks, love it
  12. @BarbaraJadwiga-l7h: I like lifehaks
  13. @jadenkrosis3087: @1:50 "Help me stepbrother I`m stuck"
  14. @maryyasuda1669: pretty repetitive
  15. @lizardsrock217: Is this a different country?
  16. @Spidey-Editz-z1q: Thnx so much
  17. @Moowuby666: Not the razor blade bracelet 😂
  18. @Rjmxg: 1:08 that’s tape
  19. @luembree: Your energy is contagious.
  20. @sakilaangela-m8o: Awesome content as always.

- 10 Simple Tricks to Search YouTube Like a Pro!: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is one of the most popular video streaming services in the world with more than a billion views each day finding something to watch on the service is not that difficult but when you're searching the video site for something specific you may end up with a lot of unrelated results which can be frustrating there are smarter ways to find that exact video that you want to watch today I will show you ten simple methods and tricks that can help you search YouTube like a pro there will also be a cool bonus tip for you near the end of this video that's all coming up next on tech gumbo we'll start out with the easiest one first if you don't remember the name of the video that you're looking for but you know a keyword or keywords instead of entering the keyword and immediately doing a search with for the suggestions to show up suggestions include many factors including most search for videos based on the keyword I had forgotten the name of a movie trailer for Marvel which happens to be infinity war it's right here on this list so I'll selected and now I have the results I was looking for also if you're searching for a music video on YouTube and you can't remember the name of the song if you at least know some of the lyrics just do a search with the lyrics you know let's see if you can figure out the name of the song before I complete the search the lyrics are there's still time to change the road doron if you guess stairway to heaven by Led Zeppelin you would be correct the plus or minus operators in your search can help to refine your results if I just typed the word Gordon the primary search results are of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay let's say I want results that don't include Gordon Ramsay then just type Gordon at a space then - Ramsay now the results will not include Gordon Ramsay if I want the results to be primarily about MBA player Gordon Hayward just type the word Gordon at a space then the plus sign Hayward to go even further if I don't want the results to include Gordon Ramsay or Hayward you can type Gordon space - Ramsay another space - Hayward and the search results will not include either of those people another way to find an exact match is to use double quotes to find the popular TV series black mirror just use the double quotes at the beginning and the end of those keywords now the top search results are specific to that search if you haven't seen black mirror yet it's a thought-provoking show if you want to do a specific search that only searches your keywords in the title of a video rather than including the description to type the word in title colon add a space then your keywords I'll search video titles that include the words waterproof and drown now you'll see that the top results have the words waterproof and drone in the title if you're looking for a particular YouTube channel but can't recall the full name this tip will help you find that channel type your keyword I'll go with the word pie followed by a comma a space then the word channel in this example it lists out channels with the word pie in it something here called pootie pie lemon pie land Johnathan pie and so forth for those of you that don't know pudy pie is not a food or cooking channel if you would like to find playlists that include several videos that you can watch back-to-back that is easy to do I like to do this search with music playlists enter your search term mine will be ACDC one of the greatest rock bands ever followed by a comma add a space than the word playlist now there are multiple ac/dc playlists that I can choose from for continuous music you can do this with almost any music artist or search term some of the coolest videos on YouTube are the ones that can be viewed in 360 degrees to refine your search for that type of video enter your search term rollercoaster is a good one followed by a comma at a space followed by 360 now you'll have a full list of videos that can be viewed in 360 degrees if you just want 3d videos just substitute 360 with 3d and for virtual reality content substitute with VR there may be times when you're only in the mood to watch a short video the search query will ensure that all the video results are less than 4 minutes long so enter your search term comma space then the words short on the flip side if you want videos that are longer in length replace the word short with long all these videos will have the length of more than 20 minutes each for those times when you're not sure what to search for or just killing time the wild-card search can give you interesting results just use an asterisk to fill in the blanks I'll demonstrate get the asterisk out as you can see the results are quite varied YouTube also provides filters after you've done a search to help refine your search results so first do your search now you'll see the filters button getting here is an extra step that can be useful if you happen to forget any of the search operators already mentioned here you can refine your search by upload date type duration and features you can also sort by relevance which is the default along with three other options now for the bonus tip initially when doing your search you can activate these filters by using commas to separate out the filter terms and here's how you do it so you enter your search term comma HD this year and we'll go its short now you see the search results are all in HD they are published this year and they're all less than four minutes long remembering how to do this can give you better results when searching YouTube thanks for watching give this video a thumbs up if it was useful for you if there is a cool youtube search tip that was not mentioned let me know in the comments and if you haven't done so already be sure to click the subscribe button and bail notification icon for more YouTube tricks and other tech related stuff from tech Dumbo

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrettInTech [94 likes]: These simple tips can give you better results when searching on YouTube. Lately, I've been doing a lot of playlist searches, which is a great way to view similar videos. Thanks for watching :)
  2. @simranasif5401 [2 likes]: i saw this video after 7 years just now and i am just flabbergasted by how YouTube used to look
  3. @SimGT_27 [2 likes]: Youtube became unusable, search are full with unrelated results
  4. @ScottDMoore [2 likes]: nice vid. Tech is exponential nowadays. So much is changing.
  5. @jelo-gq1fe [1 likes]: This feels like a GTA cheat code a kid could write down to paper
  6. @thingshappens_with_maria [1 likes]: Thank you for the amazing video i was struggling so much to get exactly what i was looking for specially to learn about you tube posting videos for beginners Thank you so much
  7. @itsabadbadbadmovie4457 [1 likes]: Nope, the - to omit words does not work
  8. @NoraDesmond897 [1 likes]: year video watched 2026 in January. THANK YOU>>>>THANK YOU >>>>>>THANK YOU SO MUCH.
  9. @asynchronerflugelflitzerim8481 [1 likes]: How to prodcue a rss thread with a search?
  10. @MeganBlum-l9q [1 likes]: amazing helpfule video!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  11. @jerrygreer1831 [1 likes]: Very useful and easy to use tips.
  12. @cwilliamlee [1 likes]: Where's the non Hodgi filter?
  13. @fatomiavolazara [1 likes]: Interesting vidéo,thanks
  14. @dlg2515 [1 likes]: Shieeet... The real lifeSaver guide!
  15. @NcrXnbi: Can some one help me, I want to search ONLY Arknights videos, but ever since they release the Arknights ENDFIELD, my search gets crowded with Endfield crap I DON'T want to watch.
Lets get something out of the way, If you like Endfield, good for you, I DONT CARE about that game, I only want to keep playing regular Arknights.

AGAIN, can some one help me, I do the minus thing and I still get recommended Endfield content, I don't want to see that.
Example of what I type on search bar: Arknights -Endfield
Please tell me what can I do so I don't get recommended Endfield content.
  16. @Siciidumal-n2i: Yoube
  17. @EmperorShim: What if I want my search to be in a specific location or country, how do I do it
  18. @TheInvisibleCar: I don't see how these tips will help me with a current big problem with the YouTube search function, for instance:  It used to be if I searched for, for instance, a single tune by a group and wanted to see and compare various live performances, or fan-made videos, the search would list a plethora of live performances or fan made videos, but now, I suppose since YouTube has become such a big monopoly, instead of giving a thorough list of returns, it might return first their official  music video, then just one live performance or fan-made video, and then straight to videos by Meghan Trainor, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa or whatever artists and whatever videos they are trying to push, and with completely different titles, and perhaps including just one, and sometimes even none, of my keywords.  

Then as I scroll down things seem to be divided into sections, only each section is almost a repeat of the first six or so suggestions, the official MV again, the same live performance video or fan-made video, then suggestions to watch some video by Billie Eilish or whoever or whatever it is that YouTube seems to be trying to push, and I imagine for money, payola and for profit's sake (and even though I am paying for YouTube Premium).  

Sometimes I can comb through my search history for like up to an hour, or somehow else find a particular video, the thing is it still exists on YouTube, and the artist's name and the title includes all of my keywords to a T, but YouTube search is completely ignoring it, as if trying  to hide all sorts of fan-made videos or certain people's channels entirely, and instead of showing me a video that IS there and that I am looking for in its supposed "returns" expecting me to be just as happy to watch a video of something like the latest news about what Justin Bieber or Salma Gomez are up to and in the news for, or a duet by Kim Kardashian and Dua Lipa or something and all sorts of other things that are just completely different and have little to nothing to do with my search keywords.    

They really clearly seem to be pushing certain artists and things, only it has gotten to the extent that it is almost a completely fake search, just something to to try and manipulate me or whoever into watching things they want me or whoever to watch, even while not at all returning and listing all sorts of actual videos and things that very specifically match most or even ALL of the keywords used in the search.  I can even starting including additional keywords just to try and guide things, keywords like "Kpop" and "Korea" and the top ten returns still includes something  like a video about how Billie Eilish creates music and a Megan Trainor MV and so on.  


I don't know if there is some third party search that I could use to actually find videos that are actually on YouTube and that I am actually looking for,  actually listed in a list of returns, and without having all sorts of videos by Dua Lipa, Justin Bieber, Billie Eilish, Meghan Train and whoever else list instead of actual bonafide and real returns, so I don't have my time wasted scrolling through page after page of artists and things they are pushing, seemingly never ending and yet never finding the actual video that is actually there and actually includes all of my keywords, that I am actually looking for.  I could spend an hour scrolling through returns and never find the video I am looking for, that actually exists, and actually includes all of my keywords, even  while just reading through more and more supposed "search returns" of completely unrelated things and that seemingly become even more completely unrelated to my search words the longer I keep scrolling in hope of finding some specific video that does include near all or all of my keywords, and still actually exists as a video on YouTube.  I don't know what Megan Trainor, Billie Eilish and Dua Lipa or their agents and studios are paying Google and YouTube, but I am paying customer who actually expects honest and real search returns rather than so increasingly having to suffer some blatant and shallow attempt to guide, lead and manipulate me rather than having an honest search engine giving me honest returns.
  19. @MukeshDwarka-e6f: I am receiving too much notification
  20. @NickGruzwalski: What if I want videos both 4-20 & over 20 minutes long, just not the 4 minute videos. The filter will only let me choose 1 option.

- May Garden Tour - The Best One Yet!: Kind: captions Language: en Hey. Hi. How's it going? My name is Robbie. I live in Northern California, zone 9A, and welcome to our garden. I'm going to take you around. We're going to do a quick little garden tour. If you missed last month's garden tour, highly recommend going back and watching it. It was my garden full of blooms. And I have to say, I think this one's going to be way better. Things here are already looking incredible. And so, if you haven't had a chance to, make sure you hit that like and that subscribe button so that way you don't miss next month's garden tour. I take you around every single month. I do a lot of perennials, a lot of annuals in my garden. And so things are constantly changing and I am planting year round here. We will usually hit anywhere from 110 to 115° during the growing season, which is really, really rough. And we rarely hit 32° in the winter time. So I garden pretty much year round here. Let me grab the camera and I'll show you guys around our garden. Okay, so we're going to start out front and just kind of give you a lay of the land. We are currently looking north. So, this is north, this is east. Behind us is south, and that is west. And we garden on just under 8,000 square ft. When we get to the back, you're going to think, "Oh my gosh, there's so much property here." But our front yard is very tiny. This is the road right here. This is a part of our driveway. And then that is our driveway here. It's a very small property. Our house is uh just under 1,000 ft. It's like 950 ft or something like that. I think it's 922 square feet. I don't know. It's tiny. It's a very small house. And um our front yard is not even the length of a car because we can park our car here and the car barely fits. So, let's get started. These containers that I have right up front, these have two plants in them. Well, there's three technically. The first one that you're seeing is a verbina called pink cashmere. And this wintered over for me, as well as the patunia that's in the container. And that is a Super Tunia Vista bubble gum. One plant of each, I think, is what I put in here. I don't fully remember because it was last spring. They wintered over for me right where they were in their container. I ended up just cutting them back and they came back beautifully. And then right above that on our arbor here, this is three window boxes that we have secured with a board underneath the window boxes. So you can see that. And this is one plant, one single patunia in here per window box. So there are three patunias in these window boxes. It's absolutely insane. That's all you need is one of these types of patunias per window box. They're just they're absolutely workh horses in the garden. And then my rose right here. This is an eating climbing rose. I think the last garden tour it was in full bloom. It has since slowed down. I will get a second flush out of her. I usually feed her about four times during the growing season. Once when she very first wakes up. All my roses get this. Once when they very very first wake up, I go in with a rose fertilizer. And then usually like every 30 to 45 days throughout the growing season, I give them a feeding. And uh this is one single plant here and it is trained to go all the way along across. And then all of the patunias that you see that are this pink color are the Superunia Vista bubble gums. So, there's three here. There's some here. And then the window box that's in here. Absolute madness. It's not a climbing patunia. It's just um they're just this vigorous. It's insane. This is three of them. So, it's one, two, and three in there. And they are strung up with string because of how tall these have gotten. The window box stops right here. So, that's how much they've climbed, just to kind of give you an idea. And then down below I have the super tuna. I think this is the blue tiara. Eh, it's medium to me. I don't think it's what I should have done up here. I feel like I should have done something else, but whatever. It is what it is. They're planted. They're happy. So, we'll come back out here just to give you one more overview. Um, the other plants that are in there, those are Eugenia topiaries. They are three balls, but this is ridiculous. And they've smothered the third ball that's down here. So, I think that these really technically are now a two ball topiary. And the bubblegum is starting to grow up through the second ball. So, these may just end up being one ball topiaries. It's fine. Next to that, Rose of Sharon. This is purple chiffon. I like it. It's fun. This is um got so many buds on it. It's really, really exciting. Next to that, this is a hibiscus. This is called ballet slippers. And it's already been so hot this year. We've already hit over 100° multiple days. And so this is not normal, but I do have buds starting to form on my hibiscus already. This shouldn't be happening until July. That's usually when it happens. Next to that, two of the most beautiful grasses. I almost pulled them out this winter and they performed. They did not disappoint. I'm so glad I didn't pull them out. This is a grass called Carl Forester and it is one of the grasses that I've always loved and I've seen other people's gardens and I've never had good luck with grasses and these ones up here are loving their life and they're so happy and they're so beautiful and they're just so cottagey and they make me so happy. We'll go down this way. I've got a container right here. I'm trying not to show my neighbor's yard, but I've got a rose right here. This is called Deszdona. It is a beautiful, beautiful rose and it smells so good. The blooms aren't always the largest on her. This is probably the smallest that her blooms have been. In previous years, they have been larger. Not sure why they're so small this year. Probably is cuz we gave her a really, really hard haircut. Um, but nonetheless, she's really, really pretty. Desona, she smells great. That's why we have her in the driveway, so we can smell it when we get out of the car. And then we have the Arabian jasmine espalier. Very slow growing. Arabian jasmine. It smells so good. I think this should be in full bloom by the next garden tour, but it's usually the blooms are like four times this size. Um, and they are a fully double bloom. So, they're really, really pretty. This is kind of on the cusp for me of being able to grow being in 9A. I think these are like 10 and above. So, it's been an experiment for sure. We'll come in through the gate. We just had this gate made and installed. Well, we installed it, but we had the gate custom made. We installed the fence and um I I love it. It's magical. People are always asking why is it above? I wanted it above the gate. I do have plans to add some more work above the gate. And then there's always questions about why is there a gap underneath our gate. The gap is there because the slope of the concrete, when the gate is open, the gate barely touches the concrete, but we needed to have enough slope so when water happens, it drains away from the house. So that's why there is a gap under our gate. This container here, just moved this here this year. I'm already loving it. I've got two garas in there. Those should get nice and big, fill out this entire area. Those will be my thriller. And then I've got Super Tuna Honey in here and Super Tunia Bermuda Beach in here. I'm really liking the honey and I've heard that the honey is going to stay really yellow for me until we cool down. And once we cool down, the pink should start popping in it. So, we'll see what happens. And then this is Super Tunia Bermuda Beach. I've got a IPA right here. This is sweet potato vine. I think this is the bewitched with green envy. And then I've got dicondra silverfalls. And then I do also have a Lantana in here that's starting to bloom. We'll see what happens with it. Lantana is not always my favorite plant. Let's go in through the side gate. This has been a total work in progress and a total transformation, and it feels so good that we're finally starting to get somewhere. So, this is what you see when you first enter into our garden. I still have so much work to do. We recently removed a tree there and so this entire area needed a full complete rework. We just painted the fence in here. We just put the lattice up to kind of give our neighbors some privacy and to give us a little privacy. Their house is really tall, so that helps with it. And then um the color is called soft pelican. I will put a link to every paint color we use throughout our entire property. I'm going to put a link to that blog post in the description down below. So throughout here we have this hedge right here. These are pisporum called beach ball. I'm so excited for them. Boxwoods my husband does not typically love and so it's um a boxwood alternative for us and they typically stay really small. They take to pruning pretty well. I love pitisporm. We've grown them multiple times throughout our garden. And then here is a really really fun tree. I love this one. The heart-shaped leaves on it are always what sells me. It's a red bud tree. I think this is an Oklahoma or an eastern. Um, but the heart-shaped leaves of red buds are just to die for. And then the blooms that happen in the spring are just amazing. But it's just a really, really fun. I don't know. It's a very cottagey tree. And then we've got patunias that I just planted in here. And you can see all the drip tubing. I have tried to mulch some of the garden, but I have so much planting left to do that if you can see the drip tubing, it means I still have planting to do. These are the superunia called paradise, and they are so bright. They're so much fun. I can't wait for them to fill out the entire edge. They're going to fill out this entire thing, and they're going to spill into the walkway, which is exactly what I want. I don't want these hard lines. I want it to kind of like soften up with that. And this is a stamped concrete. I think we spent $15,000 on this project. This is a stamped concrete. Um, so it's supposed to look like cobblestone, which I think that they did a pretty good job on making it look like cobblestone. I'm very happy with it. There are some flaws in it as there are with pretty much every project, but overall we are pretty happy with it. This bed got a complete gut and a complete rework because this went from partial shade to full sun. So, I had to take everything out and I had to fully rework it. And I'm really excited to see the like overlapping of blooms. These are all perennials. So, this should So, from here to there is a plant it once and it should be done and I shouldn't have to worry about it anymore. We'll come through here. This is a Fortnite lily right here. So, I think I'm going to take it out. It's never really done super well for us. It is very much a parking lot plant, but this is the first year that we're getting blooms off of it, and I have one single bloom spike from it. So, we'll see what happens. Um, it is nice cuz it is evergreen for me, but it doesn't do much other than that. And I think I'd rather have something that blooms. Okay, let's come into the little fountain garden. This just got a rework, too. We just put the lattice up here and we built the table and we built the lattice ourselves. We actually built that from fence boards that we ripped down into the size lattice that I wanted and we diyed lattice. Um, the issue was that the sun blasted in right through there and you can't sit in this area at all during like the middle of the day because the sun just pelts in. And so we put the lattice up and we thought that we'd still have to go in with like a shade. Turns out it is enough and it is so nice in there. Now we'll come in here. I found these little statuaries right here. These little bunnies. I found them on Facebook Marketplace. I think I paid $30 each for them, which feels like such a steal. Somebody said that you can find these at um Roths HomeGoods. One of those two. I don't know. Um the woman, she poured them herself. She had a ton of them and I bought two of them. And then my lion fountain that's over here, I don't have a link for it. I don't have a source for it. We found it locally from a guy who makes statuary and he is no longer in business. Unfortunately, he closed down. He retired, so good for him. So, no source for this, which is such a bummer. But then I've got a whole bunch of containers down here just to kind of give it that like English cottagey vibe. And then the big tree that's right here. This is a Kilarno willow. And it is so so stunning. So, it's a weeping willow. It is related to willow, but it doesn't get as large as weeping willows do. And it also gets the most beautiful catkins in the springtime. It is just beautiful. and the bees absolutely go crazy for it. So, if you have a small space, I highly recommend getting a Kilarno willow. I think I planted this one in this container maybe 5 years ago at this point. So, it's lived its whole life in a container and I anticipate it living its entire life in this container pretty much right here in this spot. So, let's enter into the garden. And I really like how this feels cuz this feels like you have to go around. you have to kind of walk through before you actually get to see the entire garden. So, let's enter in through here so you can see the entire garden. So, this is what you see when you first enter into our property. And we do actually have a real weeping willow on our garden. We planted this from just a little stick about 6 years ago. Might have been 7 years ago actually. It was one of the first things that we put in the garden. And I will say they're very high maintenance, but they are very, very magical. Ours does have an issue right now. It does have wood bores. So, we are keeping an eye on that to try to figure out what we can do about it. Um, but we have already lost one branch because of the wood bores. And we are using systemic on it to try to take care of that. So, we sit in here almost every night. Don't mind don't mind the curtains. The sun belts in through the sides right here and it makes it so you can't sit in here in the evening. So, the only time we can the only time before this lattice was here that we could actually sit here and enjoy this area was first thing in the morning. And so, we are coming up with solutions. We're going to cover up that entire section up there. And we're going to get one of those like drop down shades for that section. So, that way this is usable all day long. We sit in here all day long. It's a magical magical area. Okay, let's get into the full full garden. So, I just redid this bed. This bed had um a bunch of annuals in it last year. And I will say this entire garden is a little over a year old now, like tw. It's a very, very, very young garden. I just like to jam-pack things so it looks like a very full, slightly mature garden. Everything is new. Um, so this bed right here, this is a beautiful, beautiful salvia and a beautiful margarite daisy. and I just kind of like mass planted them in this entire area. This one is called pure white butterfly. It's really just I don't know. I just thought it was so cozy, magical. These are all very young annuals. And then the salvia that I've got right here. Look at how vibrant blue that is. That is the unplugged so blue. And they are so blue and like neon blue. You I wish you could see these in person. They're beautiful. And then next to that, this is a sedum. It's a stone crop called John Creech. Really really cool. I am loving it. I've got it in one other spot in the garden. And so I I love it. I love the way it spills over the uh landscape edging. I'll put a link to that in the description also down below. It's by a company called Edgrite in here. This is a baptisia. I don't recall the name of it because I thought it died. I thought it was completely gone. Like I thought gophers got it. Turns out they did not got it. I'm very very happy that we got like five blooms off of it. I was just thrilled about that. Manarda in front right here. I love Manarda. I love the way it smells. To me, it smells like a fresh cup of lemonade. And that might be really weird to some people, but I love Manarda. And this one, I've got to figure out which variety it is because the like speckling on each individual flower is incredible. I love this Monarda and it stays so compact. I've got some other ones that are huge. this one. So well behaved. So we'll back up a little bit and we'll go over to this side. So this is my shade garden. There's a ton of hostas in there and I've got one hooka in there. Like I've just got all my shade loving things. And then this is another rose of Sharon. This is the white chiffon. So this one should start blooming here pretty soon also. It does look like it has like a little bit of a chlorosis issue. So, we're probably going to need to start feeding this. Um, cuz she's looking a little deficient. Usually, her leaves should be like a really dark, rich, deep green color. This just happened in the last probably four or five days. So, we're keeping an eye on it. Anyways, shade bed here. The Helen Vonstein lambs. Highly recommend it. It's gross in the winter time. The leaves get slimy, but she rebounds. And she rebounds so beautifully. She is actually hiding some septic that we've got down here. So, like our cleanouts. And she hides it beautifully. You would never even know they're there until I told you. Dusty Miller right here. I love it. I wish that I had planted them not right next to each other. This is a lot of blue in one spot. Um, these I've had for 5 years. They just come back so strong for me. We'll get into this bed over here. This is a sea oats grass. I pulled it out. A piece of it came back and it came back so beautifully. I heard that it selfseeds and selfseeds a little bit too much. Um I've never actually seen the seed heads on it and this is the first year that they're starting to form. They're supposed to get quite large. Um so I don't mind if it self seeds a little bit. I'll just pull anybody that I don't want. I've got diamond frost euphoria that kind of creates a little drift throughout. It actually goes all the way down through this bed and then it goes kind of back into the bed a little bit. I'm trying to create flows instead of hard lines. So, I've got saffron finch patunia right here. And this kind of creates a pretty hard line cuz it's it's pretty straight, you know, and I don't typically love that. Um, so what I'm trying to do is what I've done with these patunias over here. They start right here in front of the white ones, Veronica, and they just kind of spill through and then they go all the way around the fountain over to the other side. Last year, what I had done is I just lined the entire front of this bed with patunias. And it was beautiful, but it didn't have flow through the bed. And in last year over in that bed back there, I had done what I just did with these patunias. I did them with the saffron finch in that bed back there. And I loved it so much more. Let's talk about the Veronica right here. White ones Veronica. plant Veronica and you will make the bees so happy. This thing is usually just buzzing with all of the bees. And Veronica comes in a few different colors. You can get it in pinks, you can get it in purples, you can get it in blues. I personally love the white ones. I have the purple ones and I have the pink ones also in my garden. The white ones are just so striking to me. I just really love them. They give cottage. One thing I am disappointed about is my aliiums. They looked so good about a week ago and the bees love them. These are the Globe Master aliums and they're huge and the bees were so in love with them and the color has since faded because we've gotten so hot. So, I didn't get to show you them while they were in their like prime. But you can see like this one still has some of a purple left, but the entire thing was just glowing with purple. It was stunning. Let's go this way. Typically the way I don't go. So, this is a mangave. It's a cross between a uh agave and a manfreda. And this is one called bad hair day. And right now it is getting what is called the death spike. I did not come up with that term. That is just what it is called. And basically this is the end of its life. So this thing is going to get really really tall. Some people reported that it only got like four or 5t tall. But other people have reported that their bad hair day mangave has gotten like 10 to 12 feet tall. I'm hoping mine gets 12 feet tall. and then it'll flower and it'll create a whole bunch of pups and then it'll die. But this thing is like super solid. It is rock hard. It's really really cool. And we can basically come out here and we can watch it grow every single day. We just noticed the death spike and we noticed it down below maybe maybe a week and a half ago and this is what it's done in a week and a half, two weeks. It's been crazy. Um, okay. This is one patunia that I love and I'm so happy it's started to do well for me. I've tried growing this patunia for five years, six years, and last year was the first year that it did really well for me, and it was in this spot, and I decided I'm just going to put it back in the spot. It loved its life here. This is one called Latte. I love how striking it is. They're like this rich, creamy white color, and then they have these black throats on them. It's amazing. And the veins on them. I just think that this is the most unique patuni. I think it's so cool and I think more people should grow it, but they don't. Behind that, I've got some Euphoria. This is a pink Euphoria. It's called Starlast pink. I've never grown it before. It's It's much more pink in person, I swear, but it is really, really pretty. It's got pink in it. And then next to that, I've got the Diamond Frost Euphoria, which is a more white and green one. So, I mean, you can see that one's much more pink. And then coming back to another Manarda, another Bomb. This one right here. Here. I think this is the upscale red and it doesn't have like the variegation in the flowers, but bees typically go crazy for it. And hummingbirds also go crazy for this one. This one blooms non-stop for me. And it does spread and it gets a little out of control. This one comes up to like middle of my stomach. It is also raised up in a 12 in bed right here. So, it is already really tall. So, if it was like directly in the ground, it would probably come up to like my hip. It's insane. It's huge. It's really, really pretty. It's a big impact plant. I should also take you over to this side over here. So, this bed has been a work in progress. And this is the best that this bed has ever looked. Um, and it's just continuing to look good. So, I've got some yarao in here that are starting to bloom. These are the firefly I think it's firefly yellow is what they're just called, but they're a bright yellow yarao. And I love yarao in the garden. Um, I just think they're really pretty. and they're very native. So, yay to yarao. Behind that, I just planted this. I'm trying to add more color into the garden. And so, to add more color, I know that I have to add yellows and I have to add oranges and reds and all of the colors. I typically like to just add pinks in my garden. This is a helopsis called forged in fire. And I surprisingly love it. And it's got a million blooms to come on it. And what I really like about it is it has these dark stems and this like dark purple foliar growth. It's really really pretty. Next to that, that is a scabiosa. It's just a pink scabiosa. Um you can always find the purple ones. They're so easy to find, but I stock up when I can find these pink ones. I just think they're so pretty. I even love the dainty little seed heads. I just love scabiosa. There is a difference. There is perennial and annual scabiosa. This is the perennial scabiosa and for me it does stay evergreen. We don't get blooms in the winter but uh it is one of the first things to start blooming in the garden. It's insane. Another mangave. This is called lavender lady mangave and she's really pretty. She takes well to the sun and I love how purple she is in the garden. Okay, I'm sure somebody's going to ask cuz I didn't show this. This is our aviary. We have zebra finch in here. And um zebra finch are notoriously bad parents, but we have five babies in here right now. The babies are actually sitting down there on that ledge. That's one of the parents right there that just came up to the front. But these are our zebra finch. The wire is painted black. The camera just has a hard time focusing through it. So, we did paint the hardware cloth black. In person, you can see them beautifully. But we do have a bunch of birds in here now. I think we have nine or 10 birds in here right now. And um they're so much fun and they just splash in their bird bath that they have in there in their water. It refills every day. We feed them every day and they've got plenty of space in here. They can fly all of this and they can go all the way up to the top of this. So they've got plenty of space in here. Let's get back to the garden though. So over this way, I'm trying to do a lot of repetition in the garden. So in the front you saw the ballet slippers. I have another ballet slippers right there. Trying to use plants multiple places throughout the garden. This is a really really great plant to grow if you want to feed the bees in the garden. This is nepida. Any nepida is amazing. This one here is called cat's pajama. It's smaller, more well behaved. I will show you one of them that is my absolute favorite. I don't like the smell of nepida. A lot of people do like the smell of nepida. I just don't I just can't get behind it. I don't know. Um I also have some daisies coming in really strong. They're called marshmallow. I'm really excited about them. Last year the gophers ate them and so they came back for me and I could not be happier. Below that, this is an oregano. Isn't that insane? It's called Drops of Jupiter and it is absolutely psychotic and it blooms and it blooms purple blooms. So, totally recommend this. Um, I I love this plant. It's a really really beautiful one. Drops of Jupiter, ornamental oregano. It's not one that you really want to eat. Next to that is a dead plant. Don't look at that. This bed is really hard for me. I've had a really really hard time with this bed. Um, it only gets the very hot hot cooking afternoon, end of the day sun. And it doesn't really get a whole lot of sun. It just gets like a lot of that hot afternoon sun. Figuring out what to grow here has been a struggle for sure. I obviously still have empty spots and patunias. I I'm killing patunias here, which is crazy. Patunias, I don't kill those. We're moving on. Okay, I've got manarda there again. I I really like manarda. I think it's so pretty. I don't know the variety of that one. I planted that one four years ago before I started labeling my plants. I just started labeling them this year, by the way. Um, magnolia. This is a black tulip magnolia. I didn't get a single bloom off of her this year and last year she got tortured with spidermitites. So, I'm hoping this year uh there's no spidermitites on her and she gives me flowers next year. Fingers crossed. This is a really cool coline. Um this is one of those like noamed colines that you pick up from like Home Depot or Lowe's that's like overly priced right now. Um, and it has came back for me for 3 years in this spot and I see little babies coming up in the walkway and I I don't have the heart or the desire to even pull them out of the walkway at all. But I love Coline so much. The issue is that um this one kind of grosses me out a little bit because see all these like little speckles here? Those are all of the stammans that drop off on it and it doesn't actually drop its stammans. Like look how many stammans there are on this one single flower. And so it doesn't actually like drop all of them or they just get like intertwined. Oh, look. There's a bee. The bees love coline. Um, they just get like intertwined on the stem and so it just hangs on to it. And I always think it has bugs, but it doesn't have bugs. It just has stammans all over it. And so that kind of weirds me out a little bit. But she can stay because she performs so well. And she comes up to like my lower chest, which is crazy for a coline. And she's still blooming, which is also absolutely insane. Salvia, I'm going to talk about Salvia a lot. This one here is called back to the fuchsia, but I've got it in three other spots in my garden. I love it a lot. Um, okay. This is the purple. No, blue. It's blue. I think they call it purple. Annoying. It's blue. This is also another one of those like no named from Home Depot Lowe's Veronica. Um, and it's a perennial and she just comes back beautifully for me every single year. So, she just lives back there. Wrong spot for her for sure. The salvia shows off in front of her, but she's happy there, so I I let her stay there. And then same thing, yarao. I've got another yarao. This one is the um firefly. All the yos, if you see yarao in my garden, it's firefly something magenta. Anyways, that's also blooming right there. We're going to look to the left really quick because this is a really, really cool plant. These leaves are insane. This is called a fiblendula. I'm not going to pronounce it. It's so cool. The leaves on it look like dinosaurs to me for some reason. I love it. And it gets these psychotic bloom spikes up there. The next garden tour that you see, these will be in full bloom, but the bloom spikes are this beautiful pink color. Once these open up and once they fully start to open, they're so pretty. They're so spectacular. I can't even reach the top of them. The bloom spikes are probably 7 feet tall. It's insane. It's such a cool plant. Um, it probably would be happier with a little bit more shade. It gets the afternoon sun, which is not going to be its favorite thing this summer. So, we'll see how it does. But, I'm really excited that it's blooming for me. First time I saw this was at a botanical garden, and I I scoured the internet to figure out what it was called because I didn't know. And here it is in my garden. And hopefully we just popped up the footage of it at the botanical garden. Another scabiosa, the same pink one because repetition throughout the garden, right? Little pops of repetition. How cool are these neon flowers? They look like they're glowing. Also another one that the bees love. I try to plant things that pollinators love and that the hummingbirds love. I love hummingbirds. So this is a geranium. Shocking, right? I know. It's called Boom Chocolata. What a great name. The leaves on it are so cool. And this is a perennial geranium. So, it's going to die back all the way to the ground every single year. There's going to be no signs of life. And then she's just going to resuscitate herself and she's going to come back so strong and so beautiful in the garden. Recommend it if you can find it. And this is an annual salvia. Hummingbirds love it. I love these are called kaix on it right here. They're really cool. Um, very unique. And then these are the blooms on it right there. And because they're that tubular shape, we'll see hummingbirds on this all day long. It's the end of the day, so the hummingbirds have decided to end the day at the hummingbird feeders that we have instead of the flowers cuz they can get more sugar from the hummingbird feeder, I'm sure. There's another repetition of that salvia right there. And then I've got it across the way on that bed. It's due for a cut back. I'll usually get four or five flushes of salvia blooms in my garden. Um, but I cut them back. And then same thing with my flocks. So, this is the opening act. Pinka dot. It needs a haircut. Bad. Um, but I am waiting to give it a haircut. I've got some guests coming and I would like these to be in bloom because I don't want to cut this back and have nothing here and cut the salvia back and have nothing there. So, that's life. And the flocks I have repeated. So, see it here and then you also see it all the way across the way right back there. So that's that repetition. And same thing when you stand here, you see the salvia and then you can see the salvia over there. I don't know. I'm just I'm making things up as I go. All right, we're going to pan back this way. This is a really cool one that's about out of bloom. This is a really fun plant. It's called spyelia uh apple slices. There's also one called firecracker. This one's apple slices. And I didn't think I was going to like it because it's so bright red and then it's like bright yellow right at the ends of it. So, it's kind of a lot. Um, but supposedly the hummingbirds are supposed to love it. I've never seen a hummingbird on this, but it makes sense that they would love it because of the tubular shaped flowers. Never seen a hummingbird on it. Um, but I do enjoy the flowers and I think it's a really really pretty plant. It is a perennial. So, um, we should get like one maybe two flushes out of this. I hope that we get a second flush this year from it. Next to that, this is my kolas bed. This is one of my favorite kolases. It's called Wicked Witch. And it's so pretty. Look at how neon that is right there. I've got it in a whole another spot. So, it comes and it fills in this whole section here, this bed. And then, if I slowly spin to not make you dizzy, we come around this side over here. And it starts right here, and it goes all the way around the bed, all the way over to this side. And these are going to get like 4 feet tall. They're beautiful. I love kolas. I'm a sucker for kolas. Dusty Miller. Again, another dusty miller. This one's called New Look. The other one that I showed you is just the traditional one that you can find in like six-packs. This one has really, really large leaves on it. It's really cool and it's a beautiful, beautiful color. This one is in shade and I've got it repeated in another spot because of course I do. And that one is in full sun. Let me show it to you. We're going to just skip on through over here. There it is in full sun. Uh, and it is much larger and less well behaved. So, I recommend growing it in a little bit more shade because it gets a little out of control. I have also noticed that this one, it looks like it's starting to revert back. I don't know. So, I mean, just so you can see how some of these leaves are. It's the size of my hand. They're insane. They're so pretty, though. Totally love them. Skipped past that. My bad. Those are a uh these are called the surefire white beonas. Took me a minute. I figured it out. Don't worry. Um Surfire White beonas. These ones that are looking really really good. Wintered over for me in this spot. They're just supposed to be an annual. They came back for me and then I transplanted three of them. They look a lot less impactful. I think because I transplanted them. Well, it is because I transplanted them. But the Surfire White becoming these are going to get really tall and they can handle sun and they can handle shade. I have them in three colors. They only come in three colors. There's the Surfire Cherry Cordial, the Surfire White, and the Surfire Rose. I've got all three. I'm loving all three of them. We should go this way over here. So, this is our BC greenhouse. And we um built this ourselves. We put it all up ourselves. It took us, I think, 3 days to do it. And we did it in the heat of summer. It was like 10 and something degrees every single day that we worked on this. And we did not kill ourselves or each other or ruin our marriage, which was super surprising because it was so hot. And it was actually surprisingly really easy to put together. We had a miscalculation of the foundation. We had some guys pour the foundation. I told them that it needs to be perfect. It was not perfect. And so the door didn't fit and so we had to kind of like maneuver some things. We figured it out. It's all good. This is Texas limestone that's on the sides here. I love it. And then if we go inside, I penny tiled the floor and I used white grout. And the white grout's always dirty. And I think that gives it a little bit of charm and shows that it's a working greenhouse. And then the little motif that's in the middle actually matches the motif on the top of the wall sconce that I have up there on that side of the greenhouse and also on that side of the greenhouse because of course I do. And in case you're wondering, um, yes, they do work. And I do have chandeliers in the greenhouse. And yeah, because that's who I am as a person. And then this is a working greenhouse. So there's dirty gloves everywhere. And there's worm castings everywhere. And seedlings that have been poorly neglected. And we do have running water in here, which is really, really nice. So I have power. I have water. We love the greenhouse. Um, the greenhouse does get really, really warm. Today it hit 108 inside the greenhouse and it is currently 81°. So super toasty. Anyways, this is the view outside the greenhouse. It's so cozy. It's so magical and I still absolutely love being out here in the greenhouse. Even when it's 81°, doesn't bother me any. We're going to go behind the greenhouse because I've never really I don't think I've really showed you guys this in a garden tour. Um, sun patients, new plant to me this year. I've got three of them right here. This is I think orchid blush compact blush pink. That's what this one is. These probably have to get moved 100%. They actually have to get moved. I was just waiting until our garden tour was over to show you them. Um this is way too much sun for them. Contrary to what they're called, sun patients. They can only handle morning sun where I live. And the first time that I ever saw them was in Michigan and they were growing in full sun. And I was like, I could do that in California then. No. No. Uh they can get full morning sun for sure. maybe like a little bit of like slight afternoon sun, but they cannot handle full sun. So, sun patients are partial sun patients where I live and so I am going to have to move them. Bummer. It is what it is. But they are really pretty. They're just really dramatic middle of the afternoon and they take up so much water. So, this is a very, very thirsty plant. It's fine. I lined the whole front of this with alysum. I'm hoping that these start to bloom at some point. They're taking their sweet time. These are the other sun patients that I've got. I've got them in this bed here. I have them in this bed there and the bed behind me with the wicked witch kolus in it. These ones are really pretty and these ones are doing really, really well. These are the orchid blush ones. I like them less than the other ones that I just showed you. I do like the other ones kind of a lot more. These ones are good though. They're fine. They're doing really, really well and I'm very happy to have them in my garden. And then my kolus bed is not doing well at all. So I planted ridiculous and lime. Lime time is doing medium and ridiculous is on a slow decline and the weeds are taking over in this bed. So we're probably going to have to come in with something else cuz I'm severely disappointed with these kolas this year. So we're just ignoring that. And I plan to possibly have to do a full rework. We'll see what happens. Uh, this is a shaded area, but these kolas are bred to be able to handle some sun and like they get like a little bit of like dappled sun and they're just dying. One's dead, right? It's completely gone. Nothing is there. There's two little sticks left on that one. Super disappointed. And it's crazy because I have really, really good luck with golas and I'm really good at growing them. We're moving on. This evergreen right here is called a cryptoia called black dragon. She stays much smaller and she is starting to put on her growth for the year. You can see all of this like bright color growth right there. She's doing fabulous. Love her. She should be very, very happy here. She's a very small growing evergreen tree, so she's welcome to be right there. This is my hookra bed. Some of them have come back for me. Some of them have not come back for me. Um, there was a lot more in here. They're doing medium. Hookra typically have like a steady decline in my garden and that's what they're doing. um hydrangeanger right here. This one is the very first hydrangeanger that I ever grew. This is the endless summer hydrangeanger. It's usually for me the first one to bloom and it is the last one to stop blooming in my garden. I just fertilized it. So, I'm hoping that I can get the pink blooms to start to turn back to blue. Um and I think it is starting to work. So, fingers crossed that I can get this one to be back to a blue hydrangeanger. Um hydrangeas you can some of them you can kind of change the color on, I guess. Listen, I'm no hydrangeanger queen. I don't know anything about hydrangeas. I just know that this one works really well for me in a shaded area and it does great. And it does great even under my birch trees which suck up so much water. They're such thirsty plants. But I really, really love my birch trees. Okay, let's come back here. This is my little secret garden back here. And this is kind of where I've just started to like throw some plants. So, I lined the fence with these sticks. These are all actually from the uh tree of heaven, I think is what it is, which is like an invasive tree. And I just went down and cut them off the side of the road. And you can see I've got some sticks left from it. I I'm glad I cut them down because they're invasive and they're ruining the ecosystem. And so, um I I grew sweet peas up them. And the sweet peas are doing medium. Uh I think that they started to really struggle because we had underground critters who totally destroyed them. Sweet peas I have to plant usually in the winter time. over here. They totally killed that one, that one, and that one. So, there's nothing there. So, I put a bench there to hide that. And they left th those alone, but they also have been infested with uh aphids. So, that's superb. Anyways, this is where I literally just throw extra plants. And it's been so much fun to not have a plan and just kind of like do literally whatever I want. So, I threw like I transplanted some beonas down there. Those are like the little like 299 ones, some buck.99 ones and they're blooming and I'm very happy about that. And then I've got a Japanese anemy. This is called pimeina. I love Japanese anemies. I think they're so pretty. And then just literally a managerie of things. I've got some more hookas over there. I've got a variegated brunna over there. Isn't that cool? And these are doing so well. And these were also a transplanted plant. And I've got a few of them in here. and I hope that they just continue to do very very well in my garden. And this is probably one of my favorite spots. Um I love looking at the greenhouse and I love being able to look through the greenhouse and um it just feels very cozy and cottagey and it just kind of pulls you through and I just really really love it. I love the uh tree branch, the birch tree branch that is growing downward. I don't know. I come up with things in my own head. Anyways, let's keep moving on into the rest of the garden because we still have more to see, but we are running out of daylight. So, let's get to it. The beautiful tree right here. This is a flamethrower red bud. It's the same style of red bud just in a different color. So, it does this year round. This is not fall color. This is spring color. The new growth is this red and then the leaves fade to this like really really pretty like chartreuse color. It's so much fun. Um, this is in shade, just so you know. It gets like some morning sun and then it gets like like 2 hours of like midday sun and then it gets shade and that's what red buds, this one needs. The other one can handle more sun. And then down below that, I told you guys I had all the Veronas. Here's the pink one. This is called pink potion right here. And pink potion is pink. Self-explanatory. This is an Ardimeia called Silver Lining. And I don't know what is happening to it, but that is what's happening to it. And it's stressing me out and grossing me out. And they're all doing this. And I hate that they're doing it because it is a really, really fun plant. But if it's going to do that, they got to go. Anyways, enough spiraling. This is my Vitex or chase tree. This is a pink one. I love the pink ones. The purple ones are fine. They're cool. You can find them everywhere. The pink ones are really hard to find. And I don't know how I found it. I found it before I knew that they were a rare thing. I have it limbmed up. Normally it's a shrub. I have it limbmed up so you can see the trunk of it because I have it as a multi- trunk and you can see down there like the trunk on it is just so unique. It's like weirdly shaped and I just love it so much. I have to come through probably seven or eight times. So, like once a month during the growing season and I have to cut off all of the growth that happens there, otherwise it turns right back into a shrub. But also, because it's been so hot so early, it's getting ready to flower, which is psychotic cuz usually it doesn't flower until September or October, but it has been unseasonably hot already this year. And this thing is just buted up, which I will gladly take blooms early on this thing. It's so spectacular. So, this thing gets in full bloom. You can see all the little buds that are forming up and it makes this view stunning. I love the smell of it. It smells like Vick's vapor rub. It's not everybody's cup of tea. I personally just happen to love it. Um more salvia right there. That's the other salvia I was talking about. And then this is a um patunia called Fuchsia. It is amazing. It's doing so well. First you're growing it. And you can see it starts here and it kind of comes through and then it actually goes through and there's two one in the middle and one completely on the other side over there. I love it. It's really bright, very intense. And then this is another manarda. Let me show you that. This manarda, I think this is the upscale pink manarda. The upscale varieties are really cool because they grow really tall. They grow up instead of kind of like low. So you get kind of this like vase shape to it. So if you want one that like kind of gives you some height and some impact, the upscale varieties are really really fun. Um but honestly I just really love all Bomb. I really love the way that they smell. And there's a bumblebee right there. Hello Mr. Bumblebee. Sorry, totally in your way. Um truffle pink gonrrina right here. I have three of them. They wintered over for me. They're going to get really tall. I will say that if you grow a ton of them together, they kind of smell like Indian food, which I actually really really like every time that we come out here during the middle of the summer when they're growing because I usually grow a ton of them. Um, I always think somebody's cooking Indian food and I'm a little angry that I hadn't been invited over and it took me so long to figure out what it was. Turns out it's the truffle pink confr. If you plant it in large quantities, I've grown it in previous years where I only grew like one or two of them in the garden, you notice no smell. But when you're growing like 10 of them in the garden, you notice the smell and they get these little tiny flowers, um, they'll probably they usually will be about double this size during the growing season. So, they get to a really good size. And then at the edge of that bed, another one of the pink scabiosa because I love it. I also have two pink scabiosas that are framing the greenhouse. So, I think I have like a total of six of them of the pink scabiosas in my garden. I just think they're so pretty. behind that. So sorry about that. I just really like scabiosa. Um behind that, these are agistaki. This is I think it's called like apricot or something like that. We can try to pop the name up on the screen. I don't think these are supposed to be this tall, this airy. I I don't recall that being what the plant tag said, but they're doing it. So, we're going to see how they perform. I'm not mad at it, just surprised. We're running out of daylight. And I'm sorry. I want to come over here cuz there's a couple things in this but that I really really have to show you. This is five of them. They're psychotic. So, if you need something that's a little psychotic in the garden, which I love a psychotic moment in the garden, it does selfseed a lot. I have already been pulling them out of my gravel like crazy, but they just selfseed. So, if you have this plant, you will have this plant. Just be aware. My other nepidas don't do this. This is the lemon perfection like a cat. It's a play on the cat's pajama nepida. It's a little play on words. Anyways, it is chartreuse green and it gets the coolest blue flowers. And during the day, this thing is just humming with bees. It's so cool. So, most nepidas, the lemon perfection, you typically don't have to give it a haircut. I give it a haircut because it gets so big. Other nepidas, you have to give them a haircut because they do this thing where they get really tall and then they flop. And if you don't give them a haircut, then you get this hole in the center of your nepida. This one doesn't do that and neither does the uh cat's pajama. Neither of those do that. Just giving you a heads up. This pine right here called Lomolinda. It's really pretty. It's a dwarf pine. It's going to stay really small. Um so it's perfect for the space. I just wish it was a little bit bigger immediately. It's just it's we've got years before this thing gets to a good size. All the growth that you can see up top there, that's this year's growth and that's probably all we're going to get this year. Maybe an inch or two more at most. So, I've got like six more years before this thing starts to give me a little bit of privacy, which we would like in this location. Verbina right here. This verbena also wintered over for me. This is the sparkling rosé. I always call it the sparkling rose. Sparkling rosé is what it is called. Oh, I wanted to show you the other sedum. So, this is the same sedum that I showed you up front, the um John Creech. This one here, I don't know why this one is doing it, but it is flowering already, which is very early for these sedums. But the flowers on them are so pretty and they're pink and I love them so much. Typically, it stays this like nice ground cover until kind of towards the end of the season. It might just be stressed. I don't know. But I'm going to let it flower. Okay, we're going to pan back over here so I can show you the Surefire cherry cordial beonas. These ones also wintered over for me. They're so good looking. I have them lining this walkway right here. It has blue star creeper um in the walkway. I wanted something else. I wanted baby's baby's breath. That doesn't sound right. I wanted something else. A different type of ground cover. And this was mislabeled and they look very similar. Blue star creeper just gets kind of tall and so it makes it a little bit hard to like I mean nobody should be walking there. It's a doorway that goes to literally nothing. But I did want this to be like you could stand here if you wanted and it just gets really tall so it makes it a little bit hard. Anyways, surefire cherry cordial on the left and on the right. This is more shade. I think that's why those ones are growing quite a bit slower. Oh, I didn't show you the um sun patients. I've got more sun patients in here. These ones are really really fun. I thought they looked like they had chlorosis when I first planted them, but um it's not. This is just how they look. And so this one is called tropical rose. and it's going to get these really bright pink flowers that match the patunias that are right behind me. So, just imagine these little pops of bright pink flowers that are the exact same color as those. Happy accident. Didn't mean to do that. It just worked out beautifully for me. There's another one of the forged and fire helopsis right there. I've got them in three different locations in the garden. There's that repetition. Just trying to add more repetition in the garden. I have creeping fig growing on the fence right here. I've got creeping fig. It was supposed to be growing on the arbor. I wanted it to fill out the entire arbor uh and then it attached itself to the fence and I don't have any desire to take it off the fence. I love it. There I have a hanging basket up there with uh verbina called peachy keen and the patunia the uh fuchsia ones. I've got three of them in there and it's absolutely insane. And then I've got dicondra silver falls right here. And the goal is to have this trail really far down and it'll kind of create like a jellyfish effect on the basket. That's the goal. This big beauty right here, Lemon Cyprus, she is magical. She's one of those little trees that you see um like in grocery stores or at big box stores at the winter time and they'll be like this size right here and they'll be like wrapped up with ribbon and they'll call them like the Grinch trees. That's what this is. This is those Grinch trees. And this is what they look like all grown up. And they're so pretty and they can handle full sun. And they smell divine. Below that, Brunnra. That's the uh Jack Diamonds. Jack of Diamonds. Brunn. I'm a total sucker for brunra. I've got one of the variegated ones right there. And then another of the jack of diamonds back there, which you can see when my hydrangeanger is not blooming throughout the year. I will get questions about this and I I never point it out. This is a callilly. Um, this is just like the traditional callillies that you see. She's done blooming. Um, she's also probably getting a little bit too much sun and probably not enough water. So, she's struggle busting a little bit. They do need a bit more shade. And they are very, very, very water hungry, but the blooms on them are absolutely massive and really, really beautiful. And my husband doesn't like them because they're typically what you see in funerals. So, so he calls it my funeral flower. And I don't care. I love it so much. It's very happy in this location. We're going to go around this side really quick, which has the seats grass. Um, I have coline that's still blooming for me, which is insane. This is the pink petticoat coline, which is one of my favorite colines ever. It's so pretty. And you can see all of these here are seed pods that it is starting to form. So, it's going to selfseed for me. I plan to save as much seed as possible to give away to friends that are subscribed to the channel. So if you want Coline seeds of pink petticoat, you have to be subscribed. So that way you know when the video comes out. Limelight hydrangeanger right back there. When it is defoliated before it starts to really grow like crazy. You can see the brunner. See it? So you can see the brunra and it blooms and you see the silver folure growth and then the hydrangeanger comes in and it provides it shade and it's very happy there and I really love it. We've got a couple more things that I want to show you and then we are saying goodbye. This is so stinking cool. This is a honeysuckle. It's noninvasive. It's actually a native honeysuckle to the United States. It looks like silver dollar eucalyptus and it is called Kinsley ghost honeysuckle. It is one of the coolest things ever. The blooms on it are beautiful. And then it's supposed to get these berries once the blooms are done. And it's supposed to have like red and orange berries on it. I can't wait to see the berries on it. The bees have been going absolutely crazy for it. If you do grow this one, you don't want to touch the silver part. They're called bracks. It's part of the reproductive organ. And um if you touch it, the silver comes off of them. Like you can see on this one, there must have been a bee or something on this one and it uh rubbed the silver off. Actually, you can see right there. I touched it. Look it. See that? It comes off. And the silver color doesn't come back. So, you don't want to touch it if you can help it. So try not to touch it. Just grow it. You do need to give it support. It has this trellis. This trellus is not going to be big enough for it. Full disclosure, I'm going to have to figure out something else for it for next year because it's going to need a lot of help. Rose rhinestone pens. I'm loving pensammen this year. I didn't know how much bees loved pensammen. I've never grown pensammen and I for years because I had never grown it. I constantly got pensammen and sedum mixed up. They sound so similar. They're completely different plants. One's a grass. Now I don't get them mixed up because I've grown both of them and I understand. Pensammen stem of a flower, penacetum, seed head of a grass. Bam. You're welcome. You guys told me that one. And then in front of all of that, I've got Super Junior Vista bubblegum. And then there is the blue scabiosa, which is fine. It's medium. It's got its place in the garden, but I like the pink one a lot better. So, in a nutshell, that is the garden. And that is the things that right now look the absolute best minus one spot that I got to show you really quick before we say goodbye. This section right here. So this rose right here is the itsybitsy peach. It's a flora bundle rose. So you get like these one stems and you get a million blooms off of it. It's amazing. Once it's done blooming, I'm going to cut it back. All my roses get uh multiple feedings throughout the year. And I think that's what gives me so many flushes of blooms throughout the growing season. This hosta right here. Isn't this insane? This is the uh diamond lake hosta. So pretty. It's got the most beautiful blue color. I love it. And it's huge. And this isn't it even at maturity. And let me show you so you can see. Here's one of the leaves. Psychotic. Absolutely mammoth. Mammoth of a hosta. Not even at maturity. And then I did want to show you over here, these are the Surefire um rose bagonas. And so they've got kind of like the deep dark folar growth of the cherry cordial, but they have really pink blooms. So I'm really excited to see these ones grow this year. These get like full sun. So we're growing them in full sun. And then this is like hostas and hookas. And everybody's doing actually really really well over here. And then seaside serenade glacier bay hydrangeanger. It's um a lace cap hydrangeanger, which is not my favorite, but it's one of the first hydrangeanger. I think this is the second hydrangeanger that I put in my garden. And I mostly grew it because of the black stems. The old growth has brown stems. The new growth has black stems. It blooms on new and on old wood. It's just not super showy. So, that is my garden. And like I said, about a year, a little over a year ago, this was all Bermuda grass. I had a whole Bermuda grass lawn back here and we have ripped it out. We started completely over. So, if you're interested in seeing that, I post 5 days a week. I post Monday through Friday here on this channel. So, I hope that you enjoyed this. And if you did, like I said, I hope that that made you want to subscribe to our channel so you can stick around and see all of the projects that we do. I take you along for everything in the garden, the good, the bad, the ugly, the fails, the wins, and I love to break down the cost of projects. So, I break down the cost of every single project so that way um you know if it's realistic or affordable or psychotic and I talk about all of that. So, thank you so much for visiting our garden. I hope that you enjoyed it. Thank you so much for hanging out with me. I will see you in the next one. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gage7258 [2 likes]: Wow! Such beauty and so relaxing! Thank you so much for the tour ❤ Hard to believe how fast your flowers beds have changed!! 👏👏
  2. @GuyanaTropicalGarden [1 likes]: From Bermuda grass to a magical cottage retreat! Sending you great vibes from Guyana, where the tropical humidity makes managing backyard growth a daily workout.
  3. @adrabruzzese7610 [1 likes]: Robbie, the garden looks glorious! Especailly all the trees.
  4. @smerida8 [1 likes]: This is the first year for me to try columbine because of you.❤️ I found 2 on clearance. I'm hoping it lives a while in Texas. They're so sweet.
  5. @debrabray8855 [1 likes]: A spectacular garden!  You and Brent are Artists. I love this garden. ❤
  6. @hilarytorres5361 [1 likes]: Talk about a transformation 😅 Thank you for inspiring me to garden with joy🌳
  7. @Tsukiobw [1 likes]: My favorite garden in all of YouTube at the moment. Phenomenal job and such a inspiration
  8. @callison2138 [1 likes]: The garden tour is a success but you left out your dogwood tree and the red maple which really surprised me. Lots of information packed into the tour. 
Relax, your garden is gorgeous.
  9. @KeepingupwiththeseKings [1 likes]: Absolutely beautiful garden tour!! Great job!! ❤❤❤❤🌸🌸🌸🌸
  10. @pdl0924 [1 likes]: Everything is Beautiful!!!!
  11. @bethj-c5z [1 likes]: can't wait to see what your going to do with the entrance to the garden, it definitely need a wow factor  on each side......im sure you're got a plan but im throwing this out there for the gazebo (it that what u call it?) the corner where you put the curtains how about continuing with the lattice up there?? ....
And Brent needs to take you antique shopping for a few neat pieces for your table y'all made !! love the garden it has transformed this year for sure !!
  12. @vickiedurham3128 [1 likes]: Outstanding 👏🏾👏🏾
  13. @disneylover8056 [1 likes]: stunning robbie just stunning. The purple in the front well you planted not long ago give it a chance but all pink in the front would be marvelous love all the pink
  14. @tanya41277 [1 likes]: Been watching you for a long time. You have come so far! Its stunning.
  15. @patti3566: Stunning garden!!!     Especially in such a short time.....you and Brent have done a fabulous job.
  16. @lorimcintyre2413: Just magical!
  17. @gmama8662: Please let the bids FLY FREE! Feed them & they will happily live free in your garden!
  18. @tammydeschenes4857: Wow! Everything looks amazing!❤ Umm, are you sure those are Karl Forester grasses? I have a six and yours looks much more whispy and blooms do not look like a Karl’s🤷‍♀️ A Karl usually stands up much straighter and blooms are more condensed looks like wheat.
  19. @joycewilson2603: You are so talented. Everything looks fabulous. I love watching to see what's next!  Love your hilarious short videos 😂  
Question:  What do you have growing between your pavers in your walkway to your front door?  Does it get sun there ?  Thanks!!!
  20. @sv4673: SUGGESTION  I think the lattice behind your table would look stunning in the green of your flower boxes. Your vines would blend in with it better and your console would pop.
Great job guys!

- 7 Easy Magic Tricks That Anyone Can Do at Home  - Learn These Tricks for Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] If you'd like to learn magic we have seven easy magic tricks that you can learn to fool your family and friends. Let's get started. Nothing here. A ball. Check this out. Wave the hand. The ball is gone. Where'd it go? It's right here under the cup. For this easy magic trick, you're going to need two balls. Make them out of aluminum foil - just crumple them up into balls. Now the cup has a piece of double stick tape at the bottom. Attach the ball to the double stick tape. Now that you've done this you can show the cup empty, but when you drop it onto the table the ball secretly appears underneath. That's part one. Let's get to the second part. When you grab the ball you bring it to the edge of the table to pick it up, but what you're doing is actually, secretly dropping it into your lap or on the floor. This is what it looks like. Now let's put it all together. Nothing here. Grab the ball and drop it on the floor. Wave the hand. Gone! Where is it? Right here. You're going to have fun with this one. It's red. Now it's blue. Here's the secret for this trick. You're going to get an ace of diamonds and you're going to cut out the diamond. You're going to need what i call a "change card" for this easy magic trick. It's just a little piece of cardboard - I used a portion of a playing card. Part of is blue and part of it is orange. Just position one color on the diamond and by moving your fingers, you can change the color. Now to make it magic, just shake your hand and move your fingers to cause the card to change colors in this easy card trick. Here's a cool easy coin trick. Here's a coin, two coins actually. Check it out. I toss it and it goes invisible and...it joins the other coin in the other hand. You're going to need three coins. Here's the secret for this easy magic trick. You grab the coin and hold it in this odd kind of grip here. Now when you take a second coin and place it in front, you can't see the first coin. And that's the secret. You're actually secretly holding two coins. Now just as we did in the earlier easy magic trick, you have to make the third coin disappear. You're going to drag it to the edge of the table and once again, at that crucial moment at the edge of the table, you let it drop into your lap or onto the floor. Your hand is actually empty at this point. Now a little magic makes the coin disappear, and then, let go of the coins and they appear in your hand. Here's an easy magic trick that every uncle and grandpa has to know, the thumb trick. We're going to teach you how to do this. You can do this anywhere and at anytime. All you need are your hands. You're going to position your thumbs in the following way. And your finger goes over the in-between part (the break). So it looks as if you're splitting your thumb. Now you have to learn to get into. I like to tap with my index (first) finger and then move my thumbs into place. I'll do this slowly. You have to learn to do this quickly so here we go. In real time for this trick it has to be that fast. And now from the regular view you can see how fast it is. Now you know the secret and you can perform this easy magic trick for the kids. Got straw and a little magic. And now I have two. What you're going to need are two straws. Take the first one and using some scissors, cut it all the way down the length of the straw. Take a second straw and feed it into the first straw. Now it appears that you have a single straw. Just show it to the audience and then when you're ready to produce the second straw, you pull the second one out and it looks as if you've magically split a single straw. Here's another easy magic trick with coins. Two coins, one in each hand. And they join each other. This is a fast, easy magic trick and all you need are two coins. One coin in each hand. You're essentially just tossing one coin into the other hand as you turn the hands over. As you can see, this has to be a really fast motion. There you go. See how fast you have to do it? And the second hand turns over and catches the other coin. Let's show this trick to you in slow motion. And I think you'll see that even under slow motion, it's pretty hard to catch. But you can just get a glimpse of that coin flying over. You'll have fun with this this trick and all you need is a table and two coins. Now here's something for game night. If you have a die with you you can do this trick. Now I turned it over to the four on this side. There is a three on the other side. Four and three but magic, now there's a two. All you're going to need to know is a secret move. Now I'm actually turning the die over here and it doesn't matter what numbers you use, but on the third time I do the magic move. Now let's show you the move for this easy magic trick. Three, now see how I'm rolling? See how I'm rolling the die in my fingers as I turn it over? And as I move you can see how it rolls and that's the extra turn that makes the second or a third number appear. Three and then when I turn it over, it turns into two. And again you can use any numbers that you like. It's just that third time where things change in this easy magic trick. Anyway. I hope that you have fun with these easy magic tricks and I hope you enjoy fooling your family and friends. Please give us a like and please subscribe. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.

- Five Easy Magic Tricks You Can Do - Tricks You Can Do At Home #easymagictricks #magictricktutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Fool your friends with these easy magic tricks. Here's how you do the trick. You need a paper cup&nbsp; and you cut a flap inside of the cup here. So at&nbsp;&nbsp; this point you toss the ball and drop it into the&nbsp; cup. But with your thumb you reach in and press it&nbsp;&nbsp; down on the ball. So when you turn it over, you&nbsp; take your hand and you pretend to take the ball. Just like this. Set the cup down and&nbsp; the ball falls down. It's already there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now you can just do the vanish and&nbsp; underneath the cup is your ball. Here's how to perform the necktie through the&nbsp; neck. You can use a scarf or you can use a piece&nbsp;&nbsp; of rope. Any long piece of cloth or rope will&nbsp; work for this. Drape the tie over your neck.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's really around your neck. Now watch my left&nbsp; hand. We'll reach across here and grab here. And&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'm trying to do is form something of a loop&nbsp; here. And then this one reaches across to this one&nbsp;&nbsp; and now watch what I do here. I actually&nbsp; catch this little piece of material inside&nbsp;&nbsp; of the other end. Now it looks as if&nbsp; I've wrapped the tie around my neck&nbsp;&nbsp; but all I have to do is pull and it comes undone. You create this flap so the first card has a hole&nbsp; punched in it at the top. And this right here&nbsp;&nbsp; is the second card that's glued onto&nbsp; the first card with the half down here.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's two cards thick on this side and&nbsp; a single card here and a single card here.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you start out showing the hole. Actually you&nbsp; can do it in reverse but I like showing the hole&nbsp;&nbsp; and it just so happens a straw fits through&nbsp;&nbsp; this hole punched hole here. Now the way I'm&nbsp; holding it on the back side is I'm actually&nbsp;&nbsp; letting it hang down just a little bit and&nbsp; that way it makes it easy. So when I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; turn the card over I take my fingers and I&nbsp; actually flip it over as I turn over the card.&nbsp;&nbsp; So the way I did it in the presentation is just&nbsp; like this. Again from the side it looks like this. So turn it over and yes there is a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; a line here. You can kind of&nbsp; cover it with your fingers. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to need one length of string adn two&nbsp; smaller length of string. And all you're doing&nbsp;&nbsp; is tying these short lengths onto the longer&nbsp; one. I'm going to tie this one here. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; tie it too tight but don't tie it loose.&nbsp; Enough that it doesn't fall but you want a&nbsp;&nbsp; knot on there that slides. And&nbsp; we'll do that one more time here That looks for all practical purposes like&nbsp; three strings that you've tied together. All you do is take your strings,&nbsp;&nbsp; bring it out show it and then take your hand&nbsp; place it in to the cup. And then as you pull up, you slide the strings off of the&nbsp; rope the knots off the string.

- Easy Magic Trick Tutorial: The Floating Pen: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody welcome back to the magic channel here's another trick you can do with a pen today we're going to the floating pen floating pen on your hand if you put it right there you'll notice look it's floating whoo yeah it's pretty obvious that it's being held by my fingers right but that's okay I can actually hold it with my fist and if I let go claw it stays I could even push it down and it comes back up it's just it's a weird thing all right super simple trick I learned this a long time ago when I was a little kid you start by putting it in your hand like this right your fist and you can say look it's floating or you can stick one finger out or two fingers out you know you can do that and say look it's floating obviously you're holding it with your fingers right but with your other hand you're gripping your wrist like this and like the illusion is nobody counts your fingers nobody counts to see that you have all five fingers showing right here so the secret is you have your index finger holding the pen like this so you can show like this like this like this you could say watch I'll let go 1 2 3 4 5 and you can let go of all your fingers and of course it's floating because it's trapped right here on your finger and I'm using this index finger when I'm doing the levitation to you I can just say watch I can it'll even float it back up you can push it with your thumb and it'll raise this back up push it back down and raise it back up and I'm just doing that with my index finger right I'm pushing it down and then I'm raising it back up pushing it down raising up back up it's a really super simple trick with a pen you can perform it just about anywhere it's fun to do as a lead-in to another pen trick but yeah practice you'll have to comply with it by you

  Top Comments:
  1. @almanzam [19 likes]: The preview photo shows a pen in mid air but that's not shown on this video. 6/10
  2. @ILovePie53 [2 likes]: I literally counted the fingers😂guess i observe to well
  3. @GracieTheGreatMagic [2 likes]: That's a cool trick. I'm getting a new Magic kit soon and I'm going to be brainstorming a list of tricks that I'm performing for my show in May
  4. @srikanthumakanth664 [2 likes]: LIKE THIS COMMENT PLS

👇
  5. @srikanthumakanth664 [2 likes]: BEST AND EASIEST MAGIC TRICK EVER!
  6. @samorapinnock3262 [2 likes]: Thank You
  7. @LarryMorris-j3e [1 likes]: It actualy work i try it in my blind granmather and shi did not know how i do it...
  8. @Harry-m24 [1 likes]: Let me watch
  9. @AshlinShajan [1 likes]: 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮 1:16
  10. @tuyetduong2730 [1 likes]: I’m going to get a pen for my new job today at my moms house
  11. @nooneswatching05 [1 likes]: Amazing magic trick sir
  12. @hp2406 [1 likes]: What do you think of us is this you don't look like the one in the picture the floating round the string round nothing no hands nothing same as that picture
  13. @DAPI_PLAYZ [1 likes]: Omg 😱
  14. @NigelAlamillo123 [1 likes]: It actualy work i try it in my blind granmather and shi did not know how i do it...
  15. @miya_9457 [1 likes]: Could u do this with a pencil?
  16. @lorrainemunetsi1011 [1 likes]: You are a  loser
  17. @atatsinor [1 likes]: I like it because it's so stupid 😂😂
  18. @AnneWalker-g2v: thanks for the tricks :3!!
  19. @KianTel123: Next time slower
  20. @matthiasegner3803: Das Vorschaubild hat aber "Schweben" versprochen! Leider nur eine 3 von 10!

- 5 Fingerboard Tricks Every Beginner Should Learn: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey hey everyone welcome to another video today i'm going over the top five easiest fingerboard tricks that everybody should know some of the tricks on this list are a little bit more intermediate level but they're still pretty easy to learn and i'll teach you exactly how to do them in this video the very first trick on the list is the fakie kickflip so right now i will show you what the fakie kick flip looks like and then i'll teach you how to do it so this is one of the easiest tricks on the list and i'll explain why when you're starting out in fingerboarding it's honestly pretty hard to do tricks moving forwards and it's a lot easier to go backwards or in other words fakey every single time you hear the term fakie that basically just means going the opposite direction that you'd normally go and with the fakie kickflip you don't even need to know how to ollie before this it'll definitely help if you know how but this is honestly a pretty easy trick to do without even knowing how to ollie for the fakie cake flip practice just kind of popping the board up like this over and over from here what you're going to try and do is as you're moving backwards you're going to pop up and just lift your fingers off and see what happens if just lifting your fingers up isn't getting the kick flip motion try doing this instead of just lifting your fingers straight up try kind of moving back like this and then forwards the basic motion for the kick flip is popping up and sliding both your fingers forwards on the board like that and that's what's to flip the board once you learn the fakie kick flip it's not too much harder to start moving the other direction and do a normal kick flip trick number two this one is probably the easiest trick on the list and this is the impossible the basic idea for the impossible is you pop the board up and you're gonna kind of scoop this finger under the board and kind of just let the board fall pop up and try and just do like a scissor motion in the air as you pop like that and that's going to bring this finger out of the way and gonna bring this finger under the board to scoop it under this trick is also a little bit easier to do fakie so play around with doing it fakey and regular if you're struggling to get the clean impossible or right around that's nice and straight and it's just kind of going off to the side like that that really depends on where your fingers are positioned on the board i say this in quite a few of my videos and it all depends on how your fingers are positioned on the fingerboard if your fingers are a little bit like this that's going to kind of pop the board a little bit straighter but if they're a little bit more off-center like that that's going to kind of turn it out that way i like to kind of have my middle finger a tiny bit farther up on the board like that and that'll give me just a nice clean impossible trick number three this is probably my favorite trick on the list and it's actually one of the simplest to do this trick makes you look like a pro fingerboarder with your technical moves even though it's pretty simple for this trick all you're going to do is move your pointer finger to the edge of the board like this and you're just going to put some pressure down that'll flick the board down like that you don't have to practice this trick while moving but it definitely looks a little better when you're moving once you flip the board over like this move your middle finger kind of out of the way and just lift up like that you can also practice this trick pretty easily with just one finger and just flip it over like this over and over and then you'll get the hang of it pretty quick trick number four on the list is definitely the hardest but it definitely looks really cool this trick is the front side kick flip there's something about you popping up the board it does just a super slow kick flip and your landing switch like that it just gives it a super clean look for this trick you're gonna pop up just like the fakie kick flip and you're basically gonna do a kick flip but you kind of need to tweak it out to the side i like to kind of just turn my whole hand right as i'm popping up and this motion is going to kind of just get the kick flip to the side like that as i'm kind of twisting my hand down like this i'm also turning my whole wrist and actually my whole arm the hand and wrist moving is what's going to get the kick flip sideways like that and moving the arm is going to get you lined up to land switch this trick happens really slow so it's really easy to kind of just place your fingers like this right when you see the bottom of your board start to kind of switch your fingers like this and right as you see the black of your grip tape to place your fingers back on the board so that trick is pretty hard to learn but once you learn it it's pretty consistent to do as a trick the final trick trick number five trick number five is the varial heel flip now i know what you're thinking i don't even know how to heel flip so how am i going to learn how to vary your heel flip i will show you in fact you've probably already done a varial heel flip just trying heel flip so for just a straight heel flip you kind of need to tuck your fingers up like that to get heel flip motion but for this if you know how to do a tray flip this is a tray flip if you don't know also known as the 360 flip the motion for the tray flip is kind of just like flipping your fingers like this so the variable heel flip instead of doing it like this you're just going to do it the other way straight flip like that and if you slow that down and watch my fingers they're kind of just twisting like this so that puts the board in a right hand spin while doing a kick flip but we want to do the opposite pop the board up and go this way just practice doing this on the ground over and over from there try popping the board up while doing that and it'll kind of do that the position your fingers are on the board is super important for this trick so really play around with different ways of having your fingers on the board and see the different results this trick is pretty hard to do when your fingers are offset like this it'll just give it a really awkward spin and it's really hard to get the rotation for this trick i would say have your fingers pretty much straight in the middle of the board like this and just flip up like that pop up kind of scoop the bottom out under and kind of bring this finger in like that the board down bring your pointer finger kind of towards you while pushing your middle finger out please don't talk about me when i'm done i love how this trick looks and feels and you can get it pretty dialed pretty fast i hope everyone who watched this video found it helpful if you're struggling with any of these tricks let me know in the comments down below and i'll try and reply to as many comments as i can and just by you leaving a comment somebody else is able to see that and kind of learn from what you're experiencing versus what they're experiencing so please document your experience in the comments just by reading comments that's helped me learn certain tricks that i was struggling on so read the comments go check them out thanks for watching this video the subscribe button is over there for weekly fingerboard content three videos a week there we go one video is over there another one is there and i will see you in my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @PolinaLipetski-p3w [1 likes]: Bad tutorial I didn’t understand anything 💔😡🥀
  2. @dylanalexander9380: Is it bad mojo to pick an Ollie up with your thumb? Lol I'm kidding, you got effin sweet board setups though. I dig it. Wish I could get one.  Nobody makes em store bought ready to go anymore i noticed
  3. @albertomurillo9737: The boards so light how do yall keep it close broooo😭😭
  4. @NeilMarks-e2b: Super helpful
  5. @RGsev: Fs Heel my fav trick to do. Feels so good
  6. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: And did you no that I love tech deck,s my man
  7. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Yes tech deck,s r soo cool and fun to have my man and oo soo thay r fun to have my man
  8. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: And oo soo did you no that I love tech deck,s did you no that my man
  9. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Did you no that tech deck,s r soo fun my man 
And did I till you that my 
Neame is tim brown aka 
B.boy.brown aka.T
  10. @roderickbuijs: 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌🤌🏿👌👌👌👌🤌🏿
  11. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: And oo soo did you no that thay r soo cool to have fun wast my man 
Beks tech deck r soo mach fun to have fun wast my man
  12. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Ok cool soo tech deck,s r soo cool to have fun wast my man and oo soo thay r fun to have 
Fun wast my man
  13. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Y r you saying that beks 
Tech deck,s r soo mach fun to have fun wast my man and thay r soo mach fun to have fun wast my man beks tech
Deck,s r soo fun to have fun wast my man
  14. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: And can you till me y
  15. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: But tech deck,s r soo mach fun to have fun wast my man and y is it soo 80s and can you say y my man can you say..y
  16. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: And oo soo thay r soo mach fun to have fun wast my man
  17. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Yep thay r fun to have fun wast my man and did you no that 
Tech deck,s r soo mach fun to play wast my man
  18. @FundyTrailSnowmobileClub: Did you no that 
Tech deck,s r soo fun to have fun wast my man 
Beks thay r soo fun to have fun wast my broo
  19. @TimothyMoskalenko: Impossible just got possible!
  20. @dxlay23g83: Bro I’m not good at Ollie’s at all and I just tried the Davie kick flip got it first try

- Learn Five Easy Magic Tricks for Kids - Vanish, Money, Levitation and More #easymagictricksforkids: Kind: captions Language: en In this video I'm going to teach you some simple magic tricks that are great for kids to learn and perform. The tricks are all very simple and easy to learn and they only require household items. We're going to show you the tricks first and then we'll show you how to do them. For this trick, you're going to need a plate. We just have a paper party plate. I'm using an envelope but you can actually fashion something similar out of paper. And once you see how I use the envelope, I think it'll be very clear how you can just use some paper and some tape to make that happen. And of course, you have some tape. Here you're going to need some coins and for purposes of the gimmick you're going to need some scissors, more than likely. I'm using a coin envelope and all I'm interested in doing, I'm going to cut the top of the flap off. Here all I pretty much need is an envelope in this shape, just enough to hold things and you can see how you can easily fashion something like that with some paper. You take your envelope - I'm going to take some tape and you're going to tape it to the edge of your plate underneath. And so you have a secret pocket under here, which is the secret. You're ready to perform the trick. Take your three coins and load them into your secret pocket. Ready to perform the trick. You show the plates. Show your hands empty and you clearly count in the plate one, two, three coins. Now take your other hand and place it under the envelope here - the fingers go under the envelope and then when you pour out all the coins, the coins from inside of the envelope come out and land in your hand. Spectators don't know this is at this point and then you can clearly count the coins, one, two, three, four, five, six coins. You challenge spectators to link two paper clips without touching them. How can you do this? Well here's how. You take a dollar bill and you form it into an "S." That's a reverse "s' to you but it's an "S" to me. Okay, there's an S to you right there. Either way, or you call it a "Z," whatever you like. You're going to just zigzag the bill like this. Now take your paper clips - you have two paper clips:one clip you clip right there linking this here to this here. Second of all, still form that reverse "s" from your perspective and I'll take the second clip and place it there. See, you've essentially clipped the ends of the "S" to the centers. You can get a good view of it right there. Hopefully that's clear. Now the trick works itself. At this point, you will not touch the paper clips but by simply pulling these two ends the clips will magically linked together and jump off of the dollar bill. So I'm going to pull and and you'll see the paperclips are linked. Perhaps it's more of a puzzle on a magic trick. It's cool to see these paper clips linking right in front of spectators eyes and this is a classic magic trick for young kids. Check it out. There's six quarters in here: one, two, three, four, five, six quarters. Take the other bowland place it on top. I go" one," "two," "three" and a little snap of the finger. Check it out. Some money has actually vanished. I don't know if anybody really needs magic to make money disappear, but just a little trick here. Here's what you're going to need for these vanishing coins. You're going to need some quarters. I have six here. You're going to need two bowls. These are just foam bowls, any kind of cardboard bowl will do And you're going to need some glue or tape. I'm going to use a double-sided tape here but you can use just regular tape. All you do is take the tape and you're going to glue three of the quarters on the bottom of one of the bowls. Now you have three quarters glued to the bottom of the bowl. They're not going anywhere and you're ready to perform the trick. Here's how. First of all you take your other three quarters place them in the bowl and you just walk out, show the bowl and allow spectators to count the number of quarters inside: one, two, three, four, five, six is what they'll see. Take your bowl and place the second bowl over the top. And now you're going to turn it over three times. That's "one," "two," "three." Remove the top of the bowl maybe you can snap your finger for a little effect and when you take the bowl off of the top, there's only three coins inside of the bowl. Three quarters have mysteriously vanished from your hands. What you'll need for this toothpick trick is a toothpick and a piece of tape. Now I would suggest you use clear tape I'm using a piece of bright green tape here for explanation purposes. It's a lot easier I think for you to see. Now what you do is just take your toothpick and put the little piece of tape on it and now you're going to tape it onto your back of your thumbnail. Once you have it taped to your thumb, you're ready to perform the trick. Now what you do is you bend your thumb and hide the tape with your finger so people see your hand. And it looks fairly natural as if you are holding a toothpick in your fingers. And then to make the vanish happen you simply reach forward, flip it out, and you can show your hand pretty much empty. Except you have the thumb with the toothpick behind your hand hold it and it vanishes in your hand. Just make sure that the line of sight of your spectators is looking this way and that the toothpick is hidden. If you start to turn, obviously they will see the toothpick and that is the toothpick trick. What you'll need for this trick is a playing card and a piece of flexible plastic. You can get this off of almost any kind of packaging. You can have a salad mix. They're everywhere in cups that you get at the the coffee shop. Just find a piece of flexible plastic and that's the secret to the trick. And you're going to need some tape. So cut this piece of plastic, maybe about an inch here and then the length would be the same length as a playing card. Here, get a couple of pieces of tape or just one, Tape the piece of plastic to the back of the card now. I'm using green tape here so it's easier for me to demonstrate what this looks like. You'll probably just want to use clear tape, it'll work just fine. And now you have a piece of plastic on the back of a playing card and when you flex the plastic it bows out and causes the card to seemingly rise. And that's the secret of the trick. I like to take the card and place it in my hand. I like to place one edge of plastic - have it along the base of the thumb right here. And the other one against the fingers over here. So once I have it gripped, I'm ready to perform the trick. I just kind of hold the card, let go, and then let it rise by flexing my hand pushing my thumb in and the fingers in and which bows the piece of plastic. And now to bring it back down, reverse the process. Allow the hand to slowly relax and the card should return back down to the hand. And then you can show the card. Well, did you have fun learning and performing these tricks? I hope so. Please give us a like and please subscribe for more instructional magic videos in the future. Thank you for watching. See you next time.

- Full YouTube SEO Keyword Research Tutorial: How to Rank #1 on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en What if everything you've been told about YouTube SEO is working against you? Because YouTube has evolved, but most advice hasn't kept up. Changing your file name to the keyword you want to rank for doesn't do anything. Spamming tags in your description is outdated, and it's against the YouTube guidelines. And let's be honest, you probably suspected this all along, right? These YouTube gurus telling you to use these specific seven magical tags or that you need to upload at the perfect time to rank well. Deep down, you knew something wasn't adding up when your videos still weren't getting any views. So, here's how to actually rank number one on YouTube, coming from someone who ranked his first video in 2019, and over 1,000 videos since then, generating me over 200 million views, $ 1.5 million in ad revenue, and growing four channels to over 100,000 subscribers each. Let me ask you this. Have you ever spent hours creating a YouTube video, pouring your heart and soul into it only for it to get buried with just a handful of views? Just like me, you probably do. And let's be honest, that feeling of disappointment when you check your analytics and see that no one is watching your content, it hurts, doesn't it? Well, I know because I used to have this problem and I still see it happen every single day. Creators like you with amazing content who remain completely invisible because they're missing the one thing that could change everything. And so if you clicked on this video, it's because you want to escape that frustration. You want to rank number one on YouTube and get the views you deserve. Well, pay attention because I'm about to show you how you can take advantage of my freestep blueprint that I've been using for years to rank videos at the top of search results and get view counts like this on your next upload, no matter your subscriber count. And no, I'm not going to sell you a course at the end of this video. This is all 100% free. However, I have to be honest here. I cannot guarantee you will rank on every single keyword you desire to and get 200 million views like I did. I mean, after all, I've been doing this for over six years now. What I can guarantee though is that if you follow this entire blueprint and apply correctly, your next video can rank number one. Just like Bennett, who applied the blueprint and ranked multiple videos in his niche, getting him thousands of views and 1,200 subscribers with just this one video right here. Or Hessel, who ranked dozens of videos, resulting in a 50 million lifetime view count, out of which the majority is from ranking in search. And then there's Jordan from Malaysia, who got over 186,000 views on one of his first videos. And so in this course, I'll walk you through my complete F strategy, which is the three-step keyword research process that will show you how to rank number one. First, I'll show you how to find the perfect keywords that people are actually searching for, but aren't dominated by big channels. Then, I'll review my qualification system to find out if you can actually rank for these keywords. And this is where 97% of creators go wrong, where they upload a video that has too much competition and never sees the light of day. And then finally, I'll give you my exact SEO optimization formula that I've used to rank over a thousand videos number one on YouTube. You'll learn how to properly structure your title, description, and tags to maximize your chances of ranking one, plus the one key factor to ranking that most YouTube gurus never talk about or probably don't even know about. And so, by the end of this video, you have a complete system you can apply to your next upload to make sure you rank number one. But don't just take my word for it. Let me show you exactly what I mean. So, when someone searches for AI script writing, my video ranks number one. If you search for how to rank one in YouTube search, I show up at the top once again. And this isn't just happening with a few lucky keywords. I've got hundreds of videos ranking number one across multiple channels that I own. So, let's get into the details. How does this actually work? Well, it all starts with step number one, the F in far, finding keywords. So, what are keywords? What exactly is keyword research and why does it matter? Well, simply said, keyword research is the process of finding what people search for on YouTube and then figuring out if we can rank our video for that specific search phrase or keyword. For example, how to download Fortnite on laptop is one of these keywords. When people search for this, my video shows up number two. That's pretty high in the search results. And so, they can click on that video and then watch it, which over the last four years, 2.9 million people did. Now, why is doing keyword research so important? Well, if you make videos at random, chances are you won't get what you're looking for, which is a lot of views on your videos. And I can prove that by showing you this video that I uploaded back in 2022. This video only ended up getting 18 views. And why is that? Well, because I did not do any keyword research. I just made a video that I thought would be interesting for people to watch on YouTube, and I got proven wrong because this video did not perform well. It's not ranking in the last 48 hours. It didn't get any views. Now, let's compare that to actually doing keyword research the proper way. This video I uploaded in February 2022, and as you can see, there's still a lot of views coming in every single day from YouTube search. 80% in fact is coming from YouTube search and 5% from external, which is Google search. And that makes up for the majority of the views on this video. So, this video with keyword research has over 200,000 views, got me 600 subscribers as well as made $12,000 in ad revenue. And that's just one video. But the best part is this video is still ranking in the search results after 4 years. And because of that, it is still getting views and making money every single day. In fact, if you take a look at the graph, it's sort of peaking right now, which is crazy to see. So basically without keyword research, you must rely on YouTube showing your videos to viewers on the homepage and recommended section. However, if this doesn't happen and the odds are heavily against you for that, especially if you're just getting started, you'll be stuck at zero views. However, with keyword research, you can properly analyze the best opportunities to get views on your video because before making your video, you already know that there's interest because people search for that video topic. So now that you know all of that, all you need to make sure is to show up number one in the search results for people to easily find your video. And so in order to end up number one, you need to do keyword research. And here's how I do that. Step number one is finding keywords people actually search for. Because if you rank for a keyword that nobody searches for, you can rank, but you'll still get zero views on that video. One of the ways to find keywords with high search volume is by using the search bar itself on YouTube. So, when you type something into this bar, YouTube will show you what they call search predictions. And the predictions that show up are based on what you type into it. This list of predictions shows up because many people have searched for these things before. And so, you might wonder, how do I know that? Well, it's simple. YouTube wants to make it as likely as possible for someone to watch a video so that YouTube can put ads on the video and make money. That's their business. So showing the viewers search predictions, the one they're most likely looking for makes it easy for the viewer to search for what they wanted to search for and then watch a video about it. Because of that, YouTube will show search predictions based on search volume. From highest search volume up top the list to lower search volume at the bottom of the list. That means that if search predictions show up, we know for a fact people search for this, which is exactly what we need to know. So basically the YouTube search bar gives you access to all keywords people actually search for on the entire platform. So what we can now do is use the search bar to find all keywords people search for in your niche. Let's say that my niche is social media. If I type in social media, I will see a whole list of keywords that people actually search for that I can then make a video about. But the list that shows up is limited to a few keywords. However, you can actually find a lot more keywords in your niche by manually doing a few different combinations in this search bar. The first one is what I like to call the alphabet method. So, after you type in a keyword, you can type in every letter of the alphabet to find more detailed keywords. For example, if I type in how to, I will see a ton of keywords appear. However, if I then type in how to A, the list will change to a new list of search predictions and then I get to see all of these results. Then if you remove the A and you type in how to B once again the entire list will change because it bases the search predictions based on what you've typed in so far. And so you can do this with every letter to generate as many keywords as there are. You can also add action words after how to. And so if I type in how to change A, I get to see this entire list. If I then type in how to change B, once again that entire list will change. And so doing this will show you a whole new list of keywords for every letter you put in. You can then also change how to to a different word in your niche. Do the entire alphabet again and again and you'll get thousands of keywords to show up. There's a few more ways to combine search strategies to find endless amounts of keywords all from within the search bar. And it's exactly what I did back in 2019 when I got started. However, as you might tell, it is a bit of a pain and it takes a long time to find all of these keywords, especially if you want to search for very detailed longtail keywords that have high search volume and low competition. And so, since 2023, I found a new, easier, and faster way of doing research by using Vid IQ's keyword research tool. And here's the thing, all the keywords you see here on Vid IQ are actually pulled directly from the YouTube search bar results. So, we're getting the exact same keywords while doing none of the work. Because with this, you don't have to mess around with all those search bar combinations that I just showed you instead of typing in a hundred different combinations manually. You can just click on Vid IQ's matching terms and you've got all of these keywords right in front of you within one click. However, most people are still using Vid IQ the wrong way. And so, let me show you the way I use Vid IQ to do keyword research, which is to start off by searching for an umbrella term in my industry. Let's say I make videos about social media. I will then type in social media in the keyword tool. This is the broadest keyword that you can search for in your niche, which I call an umbrella term is basically the main keyword in your niche. When you do that, you'll see all of these results and these scores show up. I always ignore these and then I click on matching terms. The matching terms will show me an entire list of keywords that have my umbrella keyword in it. So if I enter social media in here, we get social media marketing, social media manager, social media automation, the list goes on and on. So where first you needed to make all of these search based combinations, now within just one click on matching terms, you can do the exact same and you can find dozens of keywords that people actually search for that include your umbrella term. Then you've also got this feature called related keywords, which is slightly different but super useful. here. Instead of just showing you keywords that include your initial keyword, it shows you similar topics that people are searching for, which can give you more ideas of what to make videos about. Now, as for our social media umbrella term, it will show us keywords that include social media, but it will also show you keywords that don't. All right, just to make sure you understand, matching terms will only show you keywords that include the keyword that you search for. Related keywords will show you similar things to the keyword that you search for, but not necessarily including that keyword itself. But that's only the service level. You can actually do deep keyword research within just a few clicks. So I can click on any of these keywords that show up and then do the exact same thing. So if I click on social media marketing right here, that now becomes my main keyword. And so when I click on matching terms again, here we go. I instantly get dozens of more specific keywords that now include social media marketing in them. And that's why Vid IQ is so useful. You just can't do this as quickly with the YouTube search bar alone. By the way, if you want to try out Vid IQ yourself, I'll leave my link in the description down below. Now that you know how to find keywords, how do you know if the keyword you found is actually good and worth making a video for? Should you just look at the keyword scores that they show you and then decide? No. Definitely don't do that. So, when finding these keywords, for example, social media marketing, I actually completely ignore these search volume scores and competition scores that Vid IQ shows me because in my opinion, they're not that reliable and everyone has access to the exact same scores. And so, if everyone's making videos based on the same scores, you're all going to target the exact same keywords and then you lose your competitive advantage. Plus, what I find even more important, you're not developing the skill to understand why a keyword might be good or bad if you're just following a score that a keyword tool gives you. And I want you to become the expert. So, what do I do instead to make sure the keyword I found is actually a good one. Well, this brings me to step two of my FAR blueprint, which is the A, analyzing if there is high search volume and low competition so that you can rank number one. To get started with this, I simply copy the keyword on Vid IQ. I then go directly to YouTube and then I search for it myself. In this case, I'd search for social media marketing using AI, which is a keyword I found doing deep research for the matching terms feature. All right, next up, here's what I do. You'll see all of these search results show up. I'll open the top three to five ranking videos in brand new tabs. So, I'm just going to rightclick, open in a new tab, right click here as well. And I'll do that with all of the top ranking videos. Now, here's the thing. To see how many views these videos are actually getting, we need to use the historical data feature from Vid IQ. This lets us see how a video performed over time and more importantly, how many views per hour it's getting right now. This might seem simple, but trust me, this will save you from making the biggest mistake that keeps most YouTubers stuck at low view counts. Let me show you what I mean. Let's say I found this keyword, how to see Spotify rap. that I saw this video with 142,000 views after just four months. That looks good, right? That's fantastic. And so I might now think, whoa, this is a gold mine. I need to make this video right now. However, if I don't check whether people are still currently searching for this keyword, I could be wasting my time completely because when I check the views per hour, which you do by changing the preview, by the way, from total views to views per hour, it's getting zero views right now. It got a massive 3,000 views per hour when it was uploaded, but right now, no views anymore at all. And that's exactly the mistake this channel made. They created a video for the same keyword without checking if people are still searching for it. And because of that, their video only got 25 views. So, the historical data tool helps us tell the difference between a good keyword and a bad one. If the top videos are still getting good views per hour and they seem to be going up in a consistent linear line, that's great. People are still searching for it. But if they used to get views and now get zero while it is still currently ranking high in the results, that's a sign that people stop searching for this keyword. Now, to access the historical data feature that will help you rank number one, you'll need a Vid IQ account. Signing up is easy. It just takes 2 minutes, after which you can simply add the Vid IQ browser extension. And while the browser extension itself is completely free, the historical data feature, which is what you really need, does require a paid account. However, don't worry. I've actually negotiated an exclusive deal for the viewers of this full course, which means that you can try Vid IQ Pro with all the premium features for just $1 in the first 30 days, which is a special offer only available through my link in the description down below. Now, when you sign up, Vid IQ will ask you to connect your YouTube channel. And I completely understand that may seem weird at first. I felt the same way six years ago, but Vid IQ is fully verified by YouTube as an official partner and I've personally trusted it with all of my channels in the last 6 years with absolutely zero issues. All right, so now that you've signed up, let's analyze our keyword, social media marketing using AI. And so this is the number one ranking video for this keyword. So looking at the overall views, we can see that it's performing well for this creator. It has 16,000 views, but the channel only has 3,800 subscribers. Now, Vid IQ also shows us what they call an outlier score, which compares the performance of this video against the usual performance on a channel. We can see that this video performed 100 times better than usual, which is a great sign. What we're looking for here is whether a video continues to get views every single day after the initial upload period. Because while analyzing top ranking videos, you will come across videos that got a big boost in views in the first few days. However, these views are likely to come from their subscribers. So, always keep that in the back of your mind. And here's an example of that. This video got a big spike right after uploading. And so, if you don't think about the fact that these views came from my subscribers, you might think that passive income is a good keyword. However, analyzing the graph after the initial period reveals that the video died out very quickly because it was too competitive. And so, coming back to the video we are analyzing, looking at this graph, we can definitely see it continues to get views consistently after the initial upload period. Now, let's check out the views per hour that this video is currently getting, which is even more important. So, initially we can see that it was only getting about 1 to two views per hour. However, over time, it continued to slowly pick up more and more traffic, where right now it's getting around four to like seven views per hour, which brings up a great question. What is considered good when it comes to views per hour? Well, that really depends on your channel size. You see, if you're just starting out, getting five views per hour on multiple videos at the same time means you'd be getting about 3600 views every single day if you'd have around 30 videos sitting on your channel. From that, you might gain around 20 subscribers daily, which means you can collect your first 1,000 super fans in less than 2 months. And so, for a small channel, five views per hour could actually be amazing. And let me prove that to you, because here's what I did with this channel you're watching right now. I started small with keywords I found through deep research using Vid IQ's matching keyword feature. And these got me initial views and subscribers. And then gradually, I work my way up to bigger keywords where now I rank for some of the biggest keywords in my niche. However, if you scroll down to my oldest videos, you could see that wasn't the case. And so, you cannot start at the top and so you have to earn it step by step. So, here's my approach when it comes to views per hour. I always analyze the top three to five ranking videos for my keyword. And then, if the average views per hour is something I'd be happy with getting on my own video, I'll make it. If not, I move on, go back to the matching terms on Vid IQ, and I just find another keyword. And so this video is getting about four to seven views per hour, which equals about 100 to 150 views per day, which again seems small, but you're getting highly targeted traffic resulting in subscribers that really love what you talk about or viewers that convert really well to the products you're promoting. Now, let's check the second ranking video. So, looking at the historical data again, we can see that it's also growing pretty steadily, which is great. And you can see this video has over a 100,000 views uploaded by Gary Vee with millions of subscribers. So that's insane. Now based on this, I can confidently say that there's a ton of general interest for this keyword and video topic, which also gets confirmed by video number three by Andy Aai with 200,000 views. However, this is important. Video number two and three are tricky because the titles they use are not a 100% match with our search phrase. Our keyword is social media marketing using AI, but this video only has social media marketing in the title. And Andy's video only has social media AI. And so this means that these two videos might be ranking high for different keywords than what we're researching. They're just showing up because they're among the most relevant results here. So always make sure the videos you analyze actually include the exact keyword that you're researching. But since the first video is getting good traffic and the related videos got even more views, we can confirm that there's a lot of general interest in this video topic that people are indeed searching for this. On top of that, the fact that the 3.8K subscriber channel outranks Gary Vee with 4 million subscribers and Andy AI with almost 200,000 subscribers proves the secret ranking trick I'll show you in the next step. But first, there's another thing that I use a lot. So, if you open the channels in a new tab and you then click on the three dots that show up on the Vid IQ extension, you can click on view trending videos. This is something that shows you which videos are currently getting the most views per hour on that entire channel. Now, usually if the video you found is among their best performing videos, that's another great sign that you found a good keyword, especially if that video has a lot of views while the channel is very small. So, if the high-ranking videos are getting good views per hour and it's one of their trending or overall most popular videos, it's very likely you found a winner. So, now that we found a keyword with good search volume and overall interest, we need to figure out if we can actually rank for it. For this, we'll research three main points. First of all, and this is really my key to finding good keywords. Are there any top ranking videos using the exact keyword in their title? You see, YouTube wants to show the most relevant videos to viewers so that they'll click on it and then watch. Once again, that's how YouTube makes money. So, they will show the video that's most relevant to a keyword the highest. Which means if you include your exact keyword in your title, preferably at the beginning of it, you rank higher than videos that do not include that keyword because you then become the most relevant result for that search phrase. And that right there really is the key to easily rank for keywords. Now, let me prove to you that that is actually how YouTube decides to rank videos. If we search for the keyword how to rank one on YouTube, take a look at what happens. The number one video is mine and it has the exact title how to rank one on YouTube, which makes it a perfect match with the keyword I search for and that's why it ranks number one. Now, the second video that now shows up is from Think Media and this is titled How to actually rank one on YouTube. So, they added an extra word in their title, which is why he's not ranking first when I search for how to rank one on YouTube because my video is a more relevant result. And that's even when his channel is a lot bigger than mine and his video is a lot longer as well. Now, to prove my point and show you that this is actually how YouTube ranks videos, if I now add the word actually in my search phase and then hit search, you'll see that Think Media now ranks number one because their title is now a perfect match for our search race. And that's also why this small 3.8K channel outranks Gary Vee and NDAI because his title is a more relevant result to our search phase than theirs. And so what we're looking for are videos ranking high that do not include the exact keyword in their title because that gives us the opportunity to outrank them by simply using the exact keyword in our title. So here's a super easy way to check this. So on YouTube, you want to copy your keyword. Then in the top right corner on Google Chrome, you want to click the three dots. Then you can click on find. And then you can paste in your keyword. When you do that, it will search for that keyword on the entire page. So you'll always get at least one result, which is the search term that you actually typed in into the YouTube search bar. And so any number above one means videos in the results are using that exact phrase either in their title or description. In this case, we only see one result and it's us searching for it. So this leaves a great opportunity for us to rank number one for this keyword. Now, here's the thing. You don't specifically need to find a keyword that has zero matching results, but think of it as a spectrum. The less the better and the more the worse. Which brings me to point number two, which is competition. The second thing to look at is the channel size of your competition, which once again is a spectrum. In the best case scenario, there's no big YouTube channels ranking high for your keyword. In the worst case scenario, there's channels with millions of subscribers ranking for your keyword and all of them using the exact keyword in their title as well. When that happens, there is virtually no chance to rank number one. And so search for the keyword that you found and then analyze the following. How big are the channels of the top ranking videos? If they're all below, let's say 50k subscribers or have less subscribers than you do, that is a great sign. If there are big channels with 100,000 plus subscribers ranking everywhere, you want to check if they include the exact keyword in their title. If they do, it will be hard to beat them and you should find a better keyword. If they do not include that exact keyword, no matter their channel size, this will leave an opportunity for you to outrank them. Because if you apply the SEO I will teach you in the next step correctly, you can outperform them just like this small channel did with Gary Vee. And then the final point, which is honestly the most important when it comes to video performance, can we make a better video than the current ones? That is insanely important if you want your video to perform in the long term. Because once you confirm you'll have the ability to rank based on the matching keyword factor and competition, there's a final point that most people do wrong. They think they can now just go ahead, make the video, and then rank no matter what because of this trick. But that is only partly right because finding a good keyword with low competition and not many people using the exact keyword in their title will allow you to rank high shortly after uploading. However, if your video sucks and doesn't give the viewer what they came for, it will only rank for a short period of time because your watch time on the video will be low and YouTube analyzes the watch time to determine if this is a good video to be ranked number one. And so, the matching keyword factor and competition allow you to show up in the first place. But from there, your video actually needs to be good and preferably better than the current ranking videos in order to keep ranking number one for months or even years to come. And so, what makes a good video? Well, I can tell you is not about fancy recording setups or the best 4K cameras. A good video means that you give the viewer exactly what they want. And so, you have to think, what does a person that searches for your keyword XY Z want to learn and find out? Now, here's what I do myself in order to pull this off. First of all, I always open up the current ranking videos and then I scroll down to the comments to find feedback points from the people that already watch that video. By doing this, I'll be able to see what they did well, what is missing, and any other opinion from their viewers. Now, lately, I also have been using Chat GBT's deep research feature to do research and help me understand what a viewer might want to learn, what they currently struggle with, and how I can help them fix their problem. In fact, for this video, I let GPT do deep research on things people struggle with when it comes to YouTube SEO and then I included some of its findings in this video, which hopefully makes this an amazing video so far. If so, please leave a like on the video. That would really help me out. And then finally, I choose my battles correctly. You cannot rank on every keyword in the world. You can also not make a better video than your competitors on any topic out there. I try to stick with keywords that I know I have a competitive advantage at. For example, with this video about YouTube SEO, I know I can make this the best video on YouTube about it because I've been doing this for over 6 years and I've gotten over 200 million views through YouTube SEO. And so that's my competitive edge for this keyword specifically. And so I want you to look for keywords where your personal experiences or opinions or curiosity gives you a competitive edge over your competition. then it'd be time to actually make your video. And once that's done, there's one big step left to make sure that you actually rank number one, which is applying SEO, search engine optimization, in the correct way. Now, for this, I want you to remember the most important factor that ranks YouTube videos. Creating a relevant search result compared to what someone actually searches for. And so step number one within SEO on YouTube is to make sure you include the exact keyword you want to rank for within your title and preferably in the front of it, which makes it even more relevant as a search result and makes it easier for the viewer to see that your video is what they're looking for because sometimes not your entire title might show up. And so if we want to rank for the keyword social media marketing using AI, I'm going to put my title like this, social media marketing using AI, full tutorial for beginners. This title includes the entire keyword that people search for at the front of the title, making it a 100% relevant search result. Then I added the full tutorial for beginners part at the end of it so that the title is easy to digest and gives the viewer an expectation of what they will learn if they click on my video. Because by including full tutorial to understand I will show them everything and then by mentioning for beginners to understand it will be shown in an easy way and that anyone can follow along which is exactly what they're looking for. Now there's a lot more ways that you could do this. You could also add brackets to make it more enticing to click which might include the year or something like step by step to help them understand that this is going to be an updated tutorial for the current year and it's going to be shown in a step-by-step format. All right. So now our title is done. Next up, we need to do our video description. What I always do first is I copy the keyword of my title and then I put it at the top of the description in a natural way. For example, I'll copy this and then I'll make it say, "Want to do social media marketing using AI? I got you." Now, the reason we do this is because on desktop, if someone searches for it, the first line in the description actually shows up. Once again, making it a relevant result. Next up, I always include related keywords to our main keyword in the description. And I do that through Vid IQ. So I click on related keywords after searching for the keyword I want to rank for. And then I see a list of other related keywords that people also search for. So I always scan through these and I find the ones that are most relevant to my video. And then I include them in my description. We do this to tell YouTube what our video is about, but also to potentially rank for these other keywords. Because when you include them in your description, it could make your video show up as a relevant result when someone searches for it. You want to do this in a way so that the viewer can read it and understand what your video will be about. But what you don't want to do is just take all of these related keywords and just spam them in your description. That's against the YouTube guidelines and it doesn't really work to be honest. So when I do that, this is what it will look like. In this social media marketing tutorial, I will show you how to do social media marketing using AI. With all of these AI tools being released, you might feel overwhelmed and wonder, "Hey, Yuri, what are the best AI tools for digital marketing these days?" Well, don't worry. I got you. Because for my social media marketing, I use and then I'll just insert the tool names right here in order to make them relevant results, too. All right. So, the description is now filled with a few related keyword results while integrating them in a natural way. That's all said. That is perfect. Next up is our thumbnail. Now, simply said, all this needs to be is better than the competition. You want to make sure it's clickable and easy to understand. So, your thumbnail should be an addition to your title, and it should confirm to the viewer that your video is about something they actually want to watch. And by the way, to check if your title and thumbnail look good together, I use a website called thumbsup.tv, which is a free website where you can enter your title and thumbnail, and you can then see how it shows up on various devices and YouTube traffic sources. Now, we're almost done now. The only thing left are our video tags. And unlike what most people say, this actually isn't that important to rank your video because YouTube even put that above the tag section themselves. Tags can be useful if content in your video is commonly misspelled. Otherwise, tags play a minimal role in helping viewers find your video. So, don't waste any time on this. What I do is I go to rapid tags.io. I then type in the keyword I want to rank for. I click generate and then I copy and paste the results into my video. Now that said, I actually uploaded a video that I made for this keyword with this entire SEO optimization. And as you can see for yourself, it is now ranking number one on YouTube for our keyword, which proves that everything I've just shown you works. And so, now that you know exactly how to rank number one on YouTube, there's one crucial element we need to discuss. Because ranking number one for the wrong keywords can actually hurt your channel in the long run. Let me explain what happens. So, you rank for a random keyword. You get thousands of views, maybe even hundreds of subscribers, but then when you upload your next video, nobody watches it. Your subscribers don't click. Your notifications get ignored. And why is that? Well, that's because you attracted the wrong audience. And that's the biggest mistake I see creators make. They focus so much on ranking that they forget about building a consistent, loyal audience who will actually watch their future uploads. Now, the solution to this is what I call the viewer avatar strategy. a method I've used to build four channels to over a 100,000 subscribers each and on this channel now get an average view count per video of over a 100,000. This strategy ensures that every video you rank for attracts viewers who will become long-term fans and not just one-time visitors. Now, for this, I've put together a complete miniourse on building your perfect viewer avatar. And I'm giving it away for free to anyone who signs up for Vid IQ using my link in the description. And this isn't just another bonus that I'm throwing in. This is literally the difference between building a sustainable channel that grows consistently and wasting months of your life creating videos that nobody watches after the first week. The viewer avatar miniourse isn't something that I have available for sale. Remember, I don't sell any courses, whatever. It's exclusive content that you can access within the Vid IQ learn tab shared nowhere else before. And I want to be completely honest here. If you use my personal $1 offer link in the description below, I will receive a small commission at no extra cost to you. Now, this partnership is what makes it possible for me to put all of this information out there for free while still being able to create more highquality tutorials like this one. And I'll also leave a full checklist to follow all steps in the description down below, as well as the special $1 offer Vid IQ link so that you can start analyzing keywords in the best way possible and rank your video number one. Click that link. I'll then see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [124 likes]: Rank #1 with VidIQ 👉 https://vidiq.com/youri (Only $1 for 30 days)

The Mini SEO & Avatar Masterclass can be found under the 'Learn' tab inside VidIQ for any existing user!
  2. @DecodingJW [29 likes]: I appreciate this video because I had fallen into the belief that SEO/keyword research was dead. That just general topics of interest mattered. Thanks for the video.
  3. @Macky0200 [27 likes]: Hey, I just posted a video today and I was in top of the list than my competitors. Thanks!
  4. @tomasbusiness [12 likes]: Best youtuber rn
  5. @walkthroughdatabase [11 likes]: now i understand it, thank you mate <3
  6. @motivationalroutine [6 likes]: A great video and very helpful, thank you Youri.❤❤
  7. @PhilosophyofSelfImprovement [6 likes]: I've never seen such a detailed and specific instructional video. Thank you very much!
  8. @sebastianwiesner [5 likes]: Hi Youri, great content!

I have a question: For the older videos on my channel that answer evergreen questions and have a retention rate of over 30 percent, is it advisable to do the keyword research you taught us to modify the title and description? Or is it better to re-record the content and keep the technique in mind?
  9. @LearnwithLEESI [5 likes]: Thank you for this video
  10. @nyxxxnoir [5 likes]: I’m so grateful to have found you’re channel last year I used some of your tips on a different channel and I got soo many subs and views so fast ! Can’t wait to do the same for this channel 💛 Thanks for these top tier videos 🙌⭐️
  11. @CareerTalksHub [4 likes]: The most in-depth video I have watched so far. Looks very promising. I am going to follow the tips that you have explained in the video while I make my next video.
  12. @FonseeMlonsr [2 likes]: Needed this.
  13. @ElyInspires [2 likes]: Just earned another sub!  Looking forward to trying this out myself!
  14. @SuppHowTo [2 likes]: Hey van, I enjoy this stuff a lot, thanks!
  15. @imprimisxo [1 likes]: Youri, I already have VidIQ, may I have access to your YT Avatar course?
  16. @CimbomEcho [1 likes]: Thanks !
  17. @MoneyMovesMadeEasyTV [1 likes]: Great video and excellent tutorial.👌
  18. @TravelwithKumar [1 likes]: Thanx a lot for the video !
  19. @_FactBlastt_ [1 likes]: Hi, quick question, if in mi niche everyone does " How to create a monetizable faceless channel using AI " and from what i understood, if i do " create monetizable faceless channel using AI " , would that help me to be above the competition or near them ?  Lovely video BTW
  20. @TheTroubleEE [1 likes]: this is pure gold

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- 2025 Guide to Making YouTube Thumbnails - 15 Top Questions Answered: Kind: captions Language: en I went back through every one of our live streams to find the most common thumbnail related questions and in this video we're going to answer them now Pro tip there are a lot of pro tips in this video so I'd recommend grabbing a notebook question number one what are the key features to making a successful thumbnail I.E what makes a thumbnail good now I've thought a lot about this so I decided to make a really really simple checklist to remember and if you don't check all the boxes then your thumbnail sucks I call these the three C's to get the click and click starts with a C too but that's just a coincidence okay so number one is catch the I and we'll go into a couple techniques on how to do that here in just a second number two is convey the idea of the video this can mean the difference between a viral video and a waste of time and number three is create curiosity which arguably is the most important thing that a thumbnail should do because without curiosity why why am I clicking right Pro tip a lot of things can catch your eye but I find the easiest way to figure out what catches eyes is to do something I call the feed test now the feed test is when you open up YouTube on your desktop and then take note of the very first thumbnail you see try to figure out why it caught your eye it could be bright colors it could be a recognizable face it could be big text that catches your attention it could even be the contrast to the feed itself like a bright green thumbnail in a sea of yellow and black thumbnails want you to take note of it that is one tactic you can use in your thumbnails there's also one other eye-catching tactic that really works on me but I have to save it for another question we'll get to it the most important Pro tip for question number one and it comes from this question do you think the first seconds of the video have to match the thumbnail yeah I do with the way that YouTube's designed today it's so easy for somebody to just hover over a video and realize that this thumbnail matches the video or this thumbnail doesn't match the video you set an expectation with the thumbnail and you might meet it somewhere in the video but if you don't meet it at the beginning why give it the benefit of the doubt when I have so many more to pick from that's that's YouTube and uh that reminds [Music] me question number two let's talk color what is the best color there's really no good answer to this but I'm going to give you an answer anyway at least for a starting point okay so here are the color combinations that I notice all right little underline there let's start with black white and yellow that one I use a lot black white green black white red black white red and green B red white and blue speaking of blue blue and green green grass blue sky and maybe an accent color it works for a lot of entertainment channels black white red R and yellow I see that a lot um I know black and orange was really popular for a while uh blue and yellow The Simpsons recently I saw green and purple when somebody asks what color is best is this the answer they're looking for cuz like this is only just a tiny little bit these are the color combinations that I noticed the most you don't have to write this list down all you got to do is just look on YouTube and and see what works just see what is working for others and then like there's your starting point for your colors okay but I didn't want to leave you without an answer so there you go oh oh wait uh there's a pro tip here if you're not sure what color to make your text I always fall back on white so you've got white text all right but what if you have a white background well uh you could do a drop shadow could also do a stroke or an outline so this little technique is what you'll see on like Netflix subtitles because Netflix doesn't know what its text is going to be in front of so to play it safe they just put a little bit of a drop shadow a little bit of an outline around it and um something called an outer glow which is sort of like uh a fuzzy drop shadow but all the way around so it's like a combination of the two but there is an easier way that works in every single case what if this was over a dark background it wouldn't stick out it would blend in you wouldn't be able to see the text but if you added a white box behind it it wouldn't matter matter so you've got white text with an outline or a drop shadow you could do black text with a white box behind it or you could do uh White text with a black box behind it or what really pops off lately that I've seen is a yellow box with black text I drew it backwards but you get the idea I wouldn't put this much effort into explaining because I know you already understand but I am thinking with my thumbnail brain right now I really think that this is probably going to be included in the thumbnail so I just want to make sure that people know that there's there's some effort that's gone onto this board there are plenty of other combinations you can use but if you're ever questioning it then there you go question number three is text good or bad for thumbnails text isn't good or bad it it just it's another tool to help you get the click Text can catch the eye uh if it's a word you recognize or if it's big if it's got a certain color um it can help convey the idea by adding more context it can even be the sole element that creates curiosity some niches do have more text than others like uh Let's Talk podcast for instance you've got um super important man over here saying something um it's a little more zoomed out typically and then you have the box like I talked about before with uh quote so like without text what would it be it just wouldn't make it just be a dude sitting there as long as your text has a purpose go nuts but not two nuts because question number four how many words should I put in my thumbnail one 2 3 5 six there's no right answer here but uh I do try to keep it as short as I can because somebody scrolling through YouTube they're only going to give your thumbnail like two seconds and then they're just going to move on so if you happen to write a paragraph they'll probably just ignore it but uh they might ignore your thumbnail anyway if your text isn't readable which brings us to question number five what is the best font to use any Sans sarap font usually works okay Sans is Latin for uh without or whatever now a serif is these little tail things you know on some on some fancy text like Times New Roman or whatever this is a serf now Sans is without Sam serif none of that crap so uh basically what you want is is any Sans Sarah font that you can make super bold cuz it's really really easy to read you don't always have to go bold but it does help sometimes another Pro tip is to go to fonts. goole.com and then scroll down and select Sans serif on the filter and then you'll just get a ton okay now I could be naming fonts all day but I will give you a few that are like good starter fonts the one that gets used a ton is Roto you can use helvetic Mont s e r r a t Poppins is okay Gotham L is pretty good Arial open SL Source Sands those are some good starter ones uh I got another Pro tip so when I'm trying to get a lot of text in such a small area these sometimes don't sometimes they can't fit the letters in right so I'll use something I call Squeezy fonts which uh the two fonts that I usually go to are an on that's squeezy font number one and then impact is another they're a little bit taller and they get a little more letters into uh your space so those I I'll use sometimes starter fonts yeah I think this is pretty good question number six what are the major elements that you use when designing thumbnails which ones do you use over and over okay so elements are points of focus in your thumbnails text is one Element like we just discussed people are another one objects are pretty popular backgrounds sometimes imagine a real estate thumbnail where it's uh the real estate agent standing on the left and then in the background there's a house that he's talking about that would be considered an the element just remember that if the background doesn't need Focus like if it's blurred out or something if it's just like one solid color then I wouldn't count that as an element text people objects backgrounds graphics for sure elements are points of focus in the thumbnail and these are probably the main five that I could really think of just a few examples here let's um let's do a let's play thumbnail where we've got crazy game explosions happening over here and then you've got the dude over here reacting to it who that would be one element one and then two elements here and then if you want you could write text on it if it was like really important if it was going to add to the thumbnail number three there and yeah let's do another example real quick so we've got one guy talking here and then we've got a graphic over here and then maybe the word before and then we've got one over here after and then a graphic under that okay so we've got text graphic are those two elements no because really the point of focus is just right here okay and then you've got a point of focus here and then you got a point of focus here so a cluster of elements can count as one element because it's one thing to focus on one two three points of focus and yeah that makes a good thumbnail so the pro tip here is keep your elements to three or under sometimes you can have four but it's a little bit risky any more than three elements might take more than two seconds to understand at which point viewers might just scroll right by okay now on the topic of elements I can't believe how many times this has been asked question number seven is it important to use the rule of thirds how do you use the rule of thirds what is the rule of thirds let me break it down for you you've got your thumbnail this is the rule of thirds you cut it into threes and then you cut it into threes horizontally and so the way that people use these in thumbnails is in the rule of thirds Let's uh let's use podcasting for instance on on the right third you've got Mr professional famous guy and he's saying something okay now the thing that he's saying is on the left third and then we've got text and uh continued text just on the left third you don't have to use the top or bottom thirds for text but that's how a lot of people separate the uh the elements in their thumbnails it gives order to the composition so it makes it less cluttered let's do another example here okay we're going to do um a half and half all right so let's let's say before this video you had zero views and then after 1,000 all right so on the right third you have these and on the left third you have these so you get the idea a lot of creators use the rule of thirds as just a starting point and uh if you scroll through YouTube You're Going to see a lot of thumbnails where elements are separated on the on the left and right using the rule of thirds question number eight should I be in my thumbnail it's a tough question it really is um I always kind of think about it like are you adding value to the image you kind of have to ask yourself who is the star who is the star of the show in this thumbnail is it you let's talk about let's play thumbnails for example um if you're in a let's play thumbnail who's the star of the show is it the game that you're playing or is it the person that you watch because of their reaction in their commentary so in Let's Plays you'll see a lot of people because they are the start of the show The Packaging of the game was full playthrough no commentary or whatever then obviously don't put yourself in the thumbnail all right what's the difference between um Marquez brownley and you if you both talk about cell phones well at the moment Marquez is an authority figure because uh he's widely recognizable whereas if you're a new YouTuber then maybe not so much so it would be more beneficial for you to focus on the product itself maybe a feature or something and that would give you the edge you are offering some value that he might not via the thumbnail and that that might give you a little boost and then eventually you do that so many times that at some point you start putting your face because people start recognizing you when I first started with vid IQ I wouldn't put my face in the thumbnails because I was a new guy people really hadn't connected that I was a part of the part of the crew and event ually um people started responding to the thumbnails with my faceing them better so that's that's just how it works that's that's how the uh the authority thing goes faceless channels why why would you put yourself in in the thumbnail if you're not in the video don't put yourself in the thumbnail easy uh if the video is a talking head video I I I'd recommend putting yourself in there like the pro tip I talked about originally you're immediately matching the expectations set by the thumbnail um but there are some channels where it's kind of in the middle if your video is about woodworking it can kind of go either way if your Channel's about gardening your thumbnail might be more powerful if you're showing some specific planting technique or your raised garden or or whatever at some point people want to start seeing you in the thumbnails because once they see your face they know to click it because they're it's it's called familiarity bias so um yeah this this question got away from me question number nine is branding important should I have my logo in my thumbnail there are correct ways to Brand on YouTube and there are very incorrect ways to Brand on YouTube and so you are a travel channel okay Lindsay's Travel Channel Lindsay's Travel Channel and then it's a big diamond right here there's my logo then we have Bali here in the background with nice beautiful waves and an ocean and a sunset or whatever there's Lindsay's Travel Channel and then here is another thumbnail with basically the exact same thing maybe a little bit of words down here like Bali which one am I clicking I'm not clicking Lindsay's Travel Channel because that is ridiculous why why does it why do people do this where did they get this idea maybe from advertising okay advertising it makes sense but for YouTube this stop it quit it you know what I'm breaking out the red marker no bad bad bad bad green marker green means good attention is too fleeting to take up space with something that nobody cares about but you so when it comes to branding I would say don't throw your logo in your thumbnail I don't know if I made that clear occasionally you will come across a channel that does a little bit of branding and I thought cordor crew always had their logo in their thumbnails but I was wrong I went and I looked at their Channel they do it on a couple but they brand in a different way and this is the correct way to brand at the top of their thumbnails you'll see some yellow text and it's like it's a very specific look that only they use really when you are scrolling through YouTube and you see that big yellow text at the top you kind of know that that's Corridor crew Dark Net diaries for instance that's a very specific look so here are correct ways to Brand on YouTube okay same font same colors whatever face when face when recognized face when you you've kind of built an authority there same composition so for instance in podcast you'll see the right third being the person and the the left third being the quote you'll see that for most podcasts honestly you'll you'll see it for Colin and Samir you'll see it for Diary of a CEO you'll see it for world class you'll see it for the Nathan Barry show but they all have their separate colors their separate fonts and they all have their separate branding they try not to throw a big ass logo in the way your logo is probably in your profile picture people will see it there you can even put it in the bottom right of your video you just you don't need to like force it everywhere because seriously people don't care all right now we're on to question 10 the one that has been asked the most and actually you know what right before we get to question 10 let me answer like five more questions just cuz uh how much time do I spend on thumbnails I've spent anywhere from 2 hours to um four or five days on a thumbnail before honestly there's there's no right amount of time to work on a thumbnail it's more important to focus on the idea and can I convey this idea well what is my favorite thumbnail this one is it okay to make simple thumbnails can I use solid colors as my background if I'm not very good at thumbnails can I still do everything that a thumbnail is supposed to do yeah yeah you can I had mentioned like right at the beginning of this video that there's one technique that always catches my eye when I do the feed test let me show you so you could have everything on the thirds and blah blah blah and people can clutter up their thumbnails a bit but if there's like One Singular element that I'm looking at um like a peanut apparently and then the rest of the feed has like super busy thumbnails guess which one's going to catch my eye it's the one with the most negative space and uh here are a few more examples another question should I go back and change my thumbnails is it necessary to change thumbnails that have bad clickthrough rates you can videos continue to get impressions no matter how old they are I mean they might get L impressions as they get older but they still get impressions so um if your video is not performing the way that you thought it should if it's not getting clicked it doesn't hurt to go and change the thumbnail for it um eventually it might get another impression and then somebody clicks it and then YouTube's like wait hold on somebody finally clicked that video I better show it to another person just in case and then it works like that so it's okay to go back and change them if you have time but I tell everybody this your time is better spent making another piece of content rather than focusing on Old pieces of content that that really aren't helping you question 14 now shorts thumbnails are they important I don't know really I mean they only show up on the homepage occasionally but that's only if they are massive shorts and um they show up on your actual page on the shorts shelf I don't know how many people are seeing the shorts thumbnails really if you're a small Channel and your shorts aren't doing like amazing millions of views I don't think they're very important that's all I'm saying all right now finally question 15 now what software is best for making thumbnails I'm going to give you my top three and they're all free okay so software number one we have canva canva is the most popular one it does have a paid tier that offers more AI type tools and stuff like that I made a tutorial on it um it it was pretty intuitive for a beginner and and that's that's cool and allll I personally use Photoshop by the way uh so that doesn't really I don't include that in the list and then is one that a lot of people love it is an open-source software it has a lot of advanced tools it's just got a really steep learning curve and if you learn then you should probably stick with I used to use it back in high school uh I know it's grown a lot since then and then um the last is photo which I used to call it photopia and then people started yelling at me in the live stream so thanks guys but it is basically Photoshop on the browser so you just go to photo.com I believe and uh it's like Photoshop the only downside is it's like it's a little bit less intuitive and there's ads on it which is kind of a pain but uh I'm pretty sure you can pay to remove them if I'm not mistaken uh all that said there is one software Affinity is a paid software that isn't subscription based right so you only pay the onetime fee and uh it is is also pretty Advanced there's a lot you can do with it so that one isn't free let's just break that up so yeah these are the options that I usually tell people when they they ask me about software in the live streams but there is another one coming up the ranks and it was developed by vid IQ so if you need an impressive quick thumbnail tailor made to your video specifically then check this video out check it out okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZainThumbnails [1 likes]: This tutorial explains it perfectly 👍
I’ve seen many creators improve their CTR just by fixing thumbnail readability and facial expressions.
  2. @Kingsobi-i8o [1 likes]: 7:40 Me personally i like comic sans and if its like a serious or horror video id pick Papyrus. (and yes i know about undertale but they´re genuinly good fonts)
  3. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is supeer
  4. @sportingarenatv7495: Thank for sharing.great content.
  5. @OakleyShumway: 9:35 Markiplier is a great example of this one.
  6. @MiracoMic: Thank you very much
  7. @alignmentofiam: This was very helpful!
  8. @starlight888-l1j: Thanks so much. This video was so helpful and entertaining. I have prior editing skills but am currently trash at making them. Super excited to practice after watching this. Conveying the idea was the one component I was completely missing previously, super important!
  9. @dannynagymusic: I have a podcast that starts with a short musical performance then a short about the person then hop into the episode. I take an element from the episode itself for the thumbnail and title. that isnt really matching with the very start of the video. Any suggestions?thanks
  10. @joseprendes3056: Excellent advice. Clear and exactly what I needed.
  11. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  12. @alexfoxleigh: Affinity is now free.
  13. @Rad.Recordings: Great video! 🎉
  14. @thepsychechannel101: I see..thanks
  15. @sidhu_____03-j5m: what about the size
  16. @noallianceb: I bet thumbnail isn't the case, ask Cristiano make a video with a blank thumbnail, he's still getting a lot of views.
  17. @PencilPaper24hrs: My thumnails for long videos are not showing to other' s youtube browse feature. What should I do?
  18. @FourMinuteFamilyHistory4MFH: This was a great video. Loved the fact it was just a walk-through with not a load of add-on effects in the video to jazz it up. Watched right to the end. My thumbnails are awful, so going to work on them now. Thank you!
  19. @FSDD88: English minor here, Serif means feet, Sans Serif means without feet
  20. @Ghazoo99: This Guy is So Informative

- How to Make Thumbnails That Get Views (NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED): Kind: captions Language: en your YouTube thumbnail can literally make or break your video's performance regardless if you've done it yourself or you Outsource it to someone else luckily for you I am someone who has done both and in this video I'm going to show you my personal process on how I make my thumbnails whether I am doing it myself or Outsourcing it to someone else now this is part five of my six-part YouTube series where I show the entire behind the scenes of how I bring my videos to life so in case you missed it make sure you catch up afterwards by watching this playlist here now without further Ado let's dive into thumbnail making [Music] now before I design any type of thumbnail I first look for thumbnail inspiration I typically do this by looking at my homepage my search page for the specific topic that I'm talking about and also the YouTube inspiration tab within my YouTube analytics I really like using this tab because it allows me to see the other videos that you guys are watching and that you guys are clicking on so that I can compare and see what type of thumbnail I might create for myself now to be honest how I decide what type of thumbnail to to recreate or get inspiration from is really personal preference I kind of just look at what captures my attention and so that's kind of how I narrow it down and then what I'll do is I screenshot the inspiration and then put it inside my notion planner and by the way if you want a copy of my notion planner you can check it out in the description box or in the comment section below next what I try to do is before I film the video while I still have good lighting I will then take a video of different poses that I might want to do for my thumbnail and the reason why I do this is because later on I will then go to my computer and take screenshots of the different frames within the video that I like I personally find this to be a lot easier than taking individual photos one helpful tip too is as you're taking screenshots of the different poses that you like have a separate folder on the side as your thumbnail Library so that in the future you can look back at previous poses that you've done this is really helpful if you need to make thumbnails really quickly or you want to save some time and you don't necessarily want to redo this whole thumbnail taking process now once I have all the poses and screenshots that I like I will then all of them open them all at once and on my MacBook I'll then be able to compare all the different poses at once and kind of narrow down which ones are my favorite once I selected my favorites if I'm making the thumbnail myself I will then head over to canva and upload it into a project that I have which houses all of the thumbnails that I've created so far now that I've uploaded the poses onto canva I want to show you how I made this thumbnail because all the steps I took are pretty much the same steps that I for all the thumbnails that I make myself and so the first step that I do is I will pick the pose that I think has the most potential in my case it's this one and then I will fill up the screen and as you can see the original color of this photo is quite dull and so what I will do is I will click edit and then hit adjust and then increase the saturation I will sometimes also play with the brightness and maybe also the contrast so it ends up looking like this The Next Step that I then do is I will hit edit again and I use my most favorite tool on canva which is the magic grab tool now what the magic grab tool does is it basically takes your body and it removes it from the background so as you can see it's selected my body but I also have this laptop as well so I'm going to click on the laptop once you've decided what exactly you want to grab from the picture you then click grab and then you wait a couple seconds now what you can do is you can actually move your body wherever you would like on the screen and so let's say if I wanted to put text on the side I can do that or let's say if I want to enlarge my whole body I can do that as well now for this thumbnail specifically I decided to make myself a little bit bigger to take up more space and then I kept myself in the middle but alternatively what I could have done is I could have also put myself to the sides and put the text on the side as well now a little rule of thumb that I typically like to follow is over on YouTube there will typically be a Tim stamp on the bottom right hand side and so that is typically where I avoid putting any text and so if I were to put text on this I typically like to put it on the left hand side but for some reason for this specific thumbnail I decided to switch it up and do something different now once I've done the magic grab feature The Next Step that I typically take is I go to my second favorite feature which is Shadows you click shadows and then you can click outline and then you're going to be able to add an outline around your body now I like using a white outline and then I will just make the size a little bit smaller but you can definitely play with this however you'd like alternatively you can also use the glow feature right here change your Shadow to Black and then really play with the sizing I find that this also creates a nice Dimension to your thumbnail and it allows your body to kind of pop out of the picture but for me personally I really like the outline feature so I'm going to stick with that now the next step is to put text on your thumbnail and for this very reason is why I put all of my thumbnails in the same canva file because I'm able to copy and paste past thumbnails that I've done and so for me what I would do is let's say I really liked this thumbnail that I made I would then just copy the title go back down to the thumbnail that I'm making and then paste it and then you know adjust it for the video but in your case if you are someone who is doing thumbnails for the first time then what you would do is you want to click this text button and then add a text box then you're going to want to find a font that you like using now personally for me my favorite fonts is bartender and also Bobby Jones so let me use the Bobby Jones font I'm going to make my my font white and then I'm also going to increase the size so let's say font size 100 now the next thing that I want to do with my font is to really make it pop out on the screen and so I will click on it then click effects and then my favorite feature is lift lift creates this drop shadow almost so that your font can really pop out of the screen you can also use other effects such as outline which then adds an outline to your text or you can also create shadows as well you just have to kind of change the colors and play with it now in my case for this thumbnail I really like the lift look so I'm going to do that but also another thing that I want to do is I kind of want to create a curve for the text so down over on shape I'm going to click curve and then I'm going to play with how curvy this font becomes now going back to the magic grab feature that I really like it's really awesome because if you wanted to you could also put the text behind your body and this can be a really helpful effect depending on the thumbnail because it creates a lot more Dimension but in my case for this thumbnail specifically I'm just going to put it back in the front now the next step is really deciding what I want my text to say and I find this to be the most challenging part so oftentimes I will look back at my thumbnail inspiration and I will also play around with the different types of options that I'm thinking of so for example for this video I was going to name it how I plan videos get more video ideas best planning system easy YouTube planning and so as you can see I really played around with the text now if you are someone who struggles with figuring out what exact text to put in the thumbnail here's my best advice to you use chat PT for example this is what I said to chat PT can you give me 10 different options for the text I could put in my thumbnail photo ideally it should be less than five words and captures enough Intrigue for people to click on the video I then gave Chachi PT what the title of my video is and also the script that I wrote out prior now Chachi PT gave me some decent results but then I asked Chad GPT a follow-up question which is what are some better prompts that I can ask you to get better thumbnail text results and then Chad PT gave me a list of questions that I could ask it to get a better result and so I used one of them which was what would make a beginner YouTuber intrigued by this thumbnail immediately Chachi P gave me way better text results that are more specific to my video next I used another prompt that chat GPT suggested which was suggest bold or contrarian thumbnail text that challenges viewers assumptions about thumbnails and then Chacha gave me results for that and so the key here is you want to give chat GPT context of your video and then afterwards let chat GPT help you by giving you what better question to ask it so that you can get more tailored results now just for the sake of copying what I've done I'm going to change this to easy video ideas or something like that and then I can adjust the size accordingly now afterwards I may add some graphics or icons as necessary and so what I would do here is I would go on elements and in this case I really wanted to show a YouTube icon to really showcase that this is a video about YouTube I will click on all the graphics and then I will pick the one that I like I do pay for canva and I do think it's well worth it so that you can have access to the pro features but I will click on that and then same thing I will then go on edit and I'm able to do the same type of outline effects that I did for my body so for example I can add a black outline if I wanted to I can add a drop and then increase the intensity of that and so I believe that's kind of what I did for this one one right here I can play around with the positioning and again because we did the magic grab feature I can put it right here and then put my body on top of the icon so it's kind of behind my body now for this video specifically I really wanted to show some social proof in my thumbnail and so I basically took a screenshot of how many subscribers I've gained since starting my channel and I did the same process by uploading it into canva and then adding an outline and then playing around with the actual rotation of it now once you've played around with your thumbnail the next thing that I typically do is I zoom out as small as possible to kind of see how my thumbnail would look like on mobile and if I'm playing around with different variations of the thumbnail I will then compare which thumbnail catches my eye the most now in my case I really like easy video ideas or get more video ideas now get more video ideas is the one that I ended up picking and so what I would do next is I would Zoom back in and then I would take a screenshot of the chosen one now once I've taken a screen shot of the thumbnail that I think is the winner what I have here in one of the pages on this project is I actually have a mockup of my channel so let me show you really quickly what that looks like it's this one right here I will then take that screenshot that I took of my potential winner and then I will mock it up over on my channel to see what it would look like and how it compares to other thumbnails that I've created in the past I find this really helpful because you can now compare how your thumbnail looks like relative to other thumbnails Nails you made in the past maybe your thumbnail is not bright enough or maybe it's too similar to ones you've created in the past and you want to break the pattern this is really helpful before you actually commit and upload your thumbnail now something I also really like doing depending on the thumbnail I didn't necessarily do it for this one is because we did the magic grab feature you can also change the background color without changing the thing that you grabbed so for example if I wanted the background to be a different color or less saturated so that my actual body stands out more I can do that or another thing that I've done in the past is is I will take a rectangle and then I will widen it out and then I will adjust the transparency then I will take it and put it to the back and then I'll take the original background and then put it behind that and that way it kind of creates this little tint that I can play around with and so it allows me to kind of control how much of my text or my body or the graphics that I want to stand out relative to the actual background that I have now as you can see making your own thumb Nails doesn't have to be that hard especially if you're using canva and leveraging the tools that I mentioned but if you are someone who doesn't have a lot of time to make your own thumbnails and you have a little bit of money to spend I'm going to show you how I Outsource thumbnail creation I'm able to find people really quickly at an affordable price and with a quick turnaround time so let's talk about it now when it comes to Outsourcing most things for my YouTube channel and for my business the number one place that I like going to is upwork I've been using upwork for years and in fact I use it even more now that I'm a solopreneur and so what I want you to do is create an nwork account first and for foremost and then in the search bar right here I want you to click on projects then I want you to type in YouTube thumbnail what you're going to find is you're going to find a lot of people that are willing to do thumbnails and most times for a really affordable price as low as $15 per thumbnail and a lot of times the turnaround time is within a day so if you are uploading a video in the next couple days this is a really great resource to tap into obviously there are a lot of people to choose from and so what you're going to want to do is creep around and look at people's portfolios and see if it is your vibe there is a huge variety of different types of thumbnails that you can create so you basically want to find a freelancer that matches the aesthetic that you're looking for now obviously the one-day delivery isn't for every single freelancer like these ones are one-day deliveries but some people might take longer like 4 days and so you just want to be careful with your expectations personally for me when I'm looking for someone to do my thumbnails not only am I looking at whether or not they can do the aesthetic that I'm looking for but I'm also looking at their rating and how many people have worked with them one word of caution is sometimes there's Freelancers that will say that they've worked on someone's Channel when they actually haven't and so projects is a really low stakes way to at least test someone out before committing there have been times where I've hired a freelancer and they don't actually deliver on what their portfolio said that they could do and so you just want to be careful but luckily this is pretty affordable and the most that you're going to miss out on is maybe $15 to $20 which I find is not a huge loss considering the fact that the upside is much greater and it's far better than signing a contract and committing to someone in in the long term but anyways once there's a freelancer that you really like you just want to double check on the delivery time how many revisions that you can get the number of thumbnails that you're going to receive and all the little details once you're happy with it you can then click continue and from there you can fund the project now it doesn't necessarily mean that you're paying right away it just allows upwork to hold money in escrow and then once the project is completed the freelancer will then get paid now because I'm just showing this to you for the sake of the video I'm not going to actually fund this project but typically what happens is afterwards you're going to be able to fill out a questionnaire that the freelancer will ask such as what type of vibe you want for your thumbnail what specific text you want for your thumbnail and also you attaching any poses or additional images that you want in your actual thumbnail sometimes the Freelancers will also ask you to link the video that you film so that they can get more context on what your video is about but not all Freelancers do this it really depends on the person after that once you've initiated the project the freelancer will reach out to you with the first draft of your thumbnail and then from there you're able to message them back and forth on the edits so as you can see with this freelancer we went back and forth quite a bit and then once I was happy with it I then ended the contract and paid him now in my YouTube career in the last six years I think that I have outsourced more thumbnails than I've actually created myself and this is because graphic design is not my strong suit but I also really value my time and typically I just don't have a lot of time to make thumbnails and if you really think about it for $15 a thumbnail if you upload four videos a month which is one video a week you're spending about $60 a month on thumbnails it seems like a a lot but if you are monetized on YouTube and you're making money based on how many views you get and your thumbnails are attracting more people to watch your videos you could be earning hundreds if not thousands thanks to having a good thumbnail that being said though to manage your expectations on cost if you are someone who is obsessed with AB testing then you're going to find yourself spending a lot more on thumbnails because you're going to want to have different variations of the thumbnail that you're going to need to test now if you're someone who doesn't need Advanced AB testing you can actually AB test thumbnails for free in the YouTube Studio but if you are someone who wants to have more data I highly recommend doing the legend license on Tu buddy again my code is in the description box below if you'd like 20% off all Tu buddy licenses but either way thumbnails do play a huge role as to whether or not someone clicks your videos but it is not the only reason on why you get views which is why in my next video which is the last video of this six-part YouTube series I'm going to show you the different strategies that I Ed to get more views on my YouTube videos now if that video is ready you're going to be able to watch it right here here but if you do not see it yet it just means I haven't posted it so make sure you hit the notification Bell and stay subscribed as always guys I appreciate you and I will see you in this video bye guys and take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaLau [38 likes]: If you learned something new, let me know in the comments below or share your own thumbnail making tips to help other creators out! Btw, if you're looking for a content planning template, here's mine: https://vanessalau.thrivecart.com/content-planner/ - enjoooy!!!!! Oh and, use code "vanessasbuddy" for 20% all tube buddy licenses, there's a 50% off black friday sale happening now too!  https://www.tubebuddy.com/vanessalauco
  2. @ElladoRashelyn [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤😮😮
  3. @YourLocalWeatherRadioGuy: The problem is that most viral thumbnails have their face in it and I dont show my face
  4. @okmasonlol: this track got that nostalgic + chill combo that instantly changes the whole mood 😭
  5. @XeniaAetheria: Thank you, this helps a lot!
  6. @dimaexner9612: Btw I have never ever used Canva in my life
  7. @dimaexner9612: I have watched this 5 times and I just downloaded Canva and I well be trying this out
  8. @Think_Finance1: Cool tutorial. Ty!
  9. @CantComeUpWithAnyGoodNameSorry: Thank you very much, i have done roughly 30 videos already but i havent put much thought on the thumbnail thing till niw, guess it is time to change it
  10. @Lance2378: 'For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. '
John 3:16
  11. @Rogando23: This ia for paid version
  12. @Rogando23: Gonna work hard to be monetized
  13. @Lunawind210: Do you have advice for gaming channels?
  14. @droodits: im a new youtuber and i will upload more content starting tomorrow, pls support ✨
  15. @primlsk: thank you vanessa! doing this now!
  16. @SteveL-w8w: Gathering info before taking the plunge and this video is extremely helpful, thank you Vanessa! I will check out your other videos in this series. I also like what you've done with the detail in the description. If I want to come back and watch a segment again, your chapters make it easy. Love that you listed your tools as well. Nice!
  17. @dimaexner9612: I started YouTube because my friends told me it was easier then ever so I started and my very first channel was about vlogging
  18. @dimaexner9612: Making content is not easy I repeat no it’s not
  19. @dimaexner9612: I made a the blogging account thinking it was gonna be easy and I would make lots of views but it is hard to make
  20. @dimaexner9612: Making thumbnails looks easy but it is not I repeat it is not easy

- how to make a killer youtube thumbnail (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en here's how to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel because a single thumbnail could be the difference between getting your big break on YouTube and going completely unnoticed as Mr Beast is fond of saying people don't click they don't watch but how exactly do you get someone to click what do the top YouTubers know that we don't to find out I spent the last 36 Days pouring over interviews listening to talks and analyzing the best performing thumbnails from the top creators in the world 73 pages of notes later I discovered that the best YouTube thumbnails fall follow a four-part formula this video will walk you through them all the first part is the one that's by far the most important and yet also the most overlooked if you're watching this video I don't have to tell you that thumbnails are important there is a reason why you clicked on this video in the first place but where most of us go wrong is in the time we dedicate to our thumbnails you see the top YouTubers know that YouTube is a game of clicks and watches the success of a video is determined in part by the effectiveness of the packaging which drives clicks and in part by the video itself which drives watch time the problem is most of us spend our time like this we'll spend countless hours agonizing over scripts capturing the best shots and editing our videos to Perfection only to come up with a thumbnail an hour before the video goes live if that sounds like you don't worry you're not alone that's something I've been working on improving myself but why would you spend 10% of your time on something that determines 50% of the result that's why part one of making a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel is Killer time allocation the best YouTubers in the world view thumbnails as a priority not as an afterthought and while most of us don't even start thinking about thumbnails until right before hitting publish top YouTubers take the time to finalize their thumbnails first before they even start working on the video itself so don't be afraid to spend days or even weeks perfecting your thumbnail it's worth taking the time to get it right once you're prepared to give your thumbnail the time it deserves you're ready to move on to part two of the formula to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel killer psychology when most of us go into thumbnail creation our process might look a little something like this we'll think oh yeah I need a thumbnail um I should probably be in it and there should be some images or icons related to my video topic and I should throw some text in there too to really emphasize the point but that is the default we'll spend the majority of our time finalizing the colors positioning and text our process couldn't be more wrong if we tried because while we're spending most of our time on thumbnail design the most successful YouTubers spend the majority of their time nailing the psychology behind the click and recently world-renowned YouTube consultant Patty Galloway confirmed the exact same thing a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the fil that because ultimately no matter the formatting or color scheme of a thumbnail the decision to click is driven by a single psychological mechanism here curiosity and that curiosity is strongest we experience what's known as a curiosity Gap this is the gap between what we currently know and what we want to know and is one of the most basic drivers of human behavior because as humans our brains are wired to Crave closure so when we're introduced to an unfinished story or a question without an answer it's like having an itch that we very much want to scratch our brains go wow I could really use some closure right now that pushes us to seek out Answers by clicking on the video to see this in action let's take a look at this thumbnail from Kelly wakasa design-wise this thumbnail is relatively simple there are no crazy Halos of light or detailed illustrations yes the colors are great which is something we'll get into detail later but it's not the colors that make this an insanely clickable thumbnail it's Ashley in her position and her expression and Kelly in the action he's taking these elements work together to evoke the questions what led up to this very moment and what's about to happen next these questions open a curiosity Gap that Gap is only closed by clicking on the video and watching it the stronger the Curiosity Gap the more clickable the thumbnail and the strongest curiosity gaps on YouTube are created using one of the same five methods the thumbnail we just looked at is a prime example of a moment thumbnail these thumbnails generate curiosity by offering a glimpse into the moment right before a powerful reaction when the moment captured contains enough emotion and tension it becomes nearly irresist resistible when we inevitably click on the video we're clicking to find out what happens directly before during and after that exact moment story thumbnails also generate curiosity by provoking the question what happens next but instead of focusing on a specific moment before a reaction story thumbnails place the emphasis on building narrative they usually do this by introducing a point of tension or a question that sets up the First Act of the story when we click on the video we click both for the resolution of the T tension on screen and afford whatever new tension or consequence that resolution leads to the stronger the tension the more effective the thumbnail result thumbnails feature a desired result whether it's a physical final product or a sought after skill the Curiosity Gap Remains the Same how did they do it and commonly how can I do it too the more sought after the result the stronger the Curiosity Gap and the more effective the thumbnail transformation thumbnails also feature a desired result the difference is they also show a beginning State the more relatable this beginning State the more effective transformation thumbnails are for the Curiosity coming from the desire to know the story and process behind getting from point A to point B and last but not least novelty thumbnails draw their power from our natural urge to experience something we've never seen before novelty thumbnails typically come in two flavors novelty that inspires awe and Novelty that is weird or unexpected and while nov y can be drawn from complete absurdity it tends to be the most effective when it's combined with something we're already familiar with offering a unique spin to something we already know so before you open canva or photoshop consider what curiosity Gap you want to create first what questions can you introduce that they really need the answers to if you're having trouble coming up with a strong curiosity Gap I have some bad news for you your video idea probably isn't interesting enough in the first place I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's going to be so funny I just can't think way it's a thumbnail there and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately the best YouTube thumbnails come from killer video ideas and the topic of how to come up with a killer video idea is big enough to make an entire other video about it so I will I'll put a link in the description below when it's out but to make sure you don't miss it now would be a great time to well you know the rest after you're 90% is unconfident you have a curiosity Gap people will click for you have the foundation for your killer thumbnail to blow up your channel but in order for someone to get hooked by your killer curiosity Gap they have to notice it in the first place because as soon as we log on to YouTube We're hit with a screen full of different recommendations each one vying for attention and as we're browsing through our recommendations often with our brains on autopilot we scroll past countless thumbnails that we don't even mentally register to avoid their thumbnails being lost in the noise the best YouTubers in the world are Masters at pattern Interruption they know exactly what to include in their thumbnails to stop your scroll because they know how to hack our brain's attention system you see our brains are constantly bombarded by stimulus if we constantly took in everything we could perceive at all times we'd be paralyzed with information overload so to help us out our brains use attention focusing on the most relevant or useful information while filtering out the rest but this attention system can be hacked because our brains are biologically primed to pay more attention to certain things I call these things scroll Stoppers and top YouTubers include them in their thumbnails to ensure that their thumbnails catch your eye a classic example is the use of faces you've probably heard the advice that faces do well in thumbnails and indeed our brains are very good at recognizing faces because it helps us understand other people's emotions and intentions which can in turn signal a Potential Threat or opportunity the larger the face the stronger this effect but before you go slapping a giant picture of your face to the left side of each of your thumbnails hey Mr Beast keep in mind that faces are quite a bit more effective for your favorite YouTubers than they are for you and no that's not a diss on your looks it's due to something called familiarity bias which is the idea that our brains are naturally drawn to what we're familiar with when we recognize the face of a YouTuber we already know like and Trust we're more likely to click on it versus a thumbnail featuring a face we don't recognize now this doesn't mean that if you're a new or small YouTuber you completely screwed in fact familiarity bias is something that can even be hacked in our favor that's the logic behind the thumbnail style of Charisma on command people are more likely to stop their scroll when they see a celebrity they recognize versus the face of a random guy they don't know familiarity bias is so powerful that even well-known gaming YouTubers will often feature a recognizable character or element from a popular game instead of their own face in a thumbnail and familiarity bias extends Beyond faces as well that's one of the reasons why thumbnails featuring instantly recognizable interfaces such as Discord iMessage Yelp PayPal and others are so eye-catching this isn't to say that you should never include your face in a thumbnail if you're a lesser known YouTuber our natural attraction faces is powerful even if they're unfamiliar but if if you a smaller YouTuber hoping to attract a larger audience you shouldn't rely on your face alone to stop a scroll instead consider using one or more of these other scroll Stoppers in general we're attracted to nice large round numbers these clickable numbers become even more clickable when money is attached to it something Finance channels tend to use to their advantage in fact money in any form tends to stop our scroll we're also naturally wired to detect danger and movement as they can often signal a new threat or opportunity in our environment in a similar vein we're drawn to displays of emotion because an emotional reaction in others can signal a threat we haven't detected ourselves yet we are biologically attracted to bright colors which in the early days of human existence could help us identify everything from ripening fruit to Fresh blood and we're also drawn to things that are aesthetically pleasing because frankly they feel really nice to look at and our brains want more of that pleasurable feeling but while it may be tempting to J amam as many scroll Stoppers as possible into your thumbnail that could end up hurting rather than helping you because the more scroll Stoppers your thumbnail has and the more click ba your thumbnail becomes the more diluted your brand gets that's one of the reasons why Ryan tryan opts for more realistic looking faces in his thumbnails and I found that realistic thumbnails just feel like me it feels like yeah if my face is not like then I feel more connected to the to the thumbnail if I'm just making a very subtle face that's like because it's realistic and I'm like oh that's that's legit so before you get lost in the sauce of throwing in big numbers bright colors and giant emotional faces in each of your thumbnails consider the brand you want to build and the story you want to tell not every scroll stopper will fit with every Creator and every audience and every curiosity Gap and that's okay just choose the one or two that enhances rather than dilutes or distracts from your chosen curiosity Gap and your brand after you have a killer curiosity Gap in one or more killer scroll Stoppers you've nailed the psychology of the click but how can we turn that wellth thought out psychology into a physical thumbnail that brings us to part three in making a killer design we tend to think of design as adding things but great design is actually about getting the main point across as quickly as possible which is good news for us because if it takes more than 2 seconds for a viewer to fully understand what's happening in your thumbnail they're already scroll R in past leaving your video unnoticed and unwatched to avoid this top YouTubers obsess over making their thumbnails extremely obvious to see and Incredibly easy to process and to do that they perfect the three C's of thumbnail design contents composition and contrast the contents of your thumbnail are all of the visual elements that make up your thumbnail including people icons Graphics backgrounds and text essentially it's the what of your your thumbnail but how do you decide what to include in your thumbnail it's simple you include whatever you need to create your curiosity Gap typically these elements are broken into two categories main characters and supporting characters the main character is the single element that best contributes to the Curiosity Gap this is the hero or focal point of the thumbnail for a novelty thumbnail It's the weird new or unexpected thing for a result thumbnail it's the result for a story thumbnail it's the main character or driver of the story and so on and so forth and while in some rare cases there can be more than one main character in the vast majority of thumbnails every other element exists to support the main character and creating the Curiosity Gap either by providing necessary context drawing attention or adding additional curiosity in this story thumbnail from Mr Beast the Curiosity Gap comes from wanting to know what happened while he was stranded at Sea what challenges he came across and how he dealt with with those challenges the story is about Mr Beast so he's the main character the rest of the elements are supporting characters there's a wraft to indicate that the main character is stranded the water to indicate that he's at sea sharks to add the scroll stopper of danger and the words day7 to indicate the scope and depth of the video there's nothing extraneous here every single element has a purpose and every element is positioned in a way that guides the eye directly to the main character which brings us to the second SE of thumbnail design composition starting with layout most high performing thumbnails follow one of two alignments symmetrical thumbnails Place their main character in the center with the left side of the thumbnail closely resembling the right side asymmetrical thumbnails follow the rule of thirds placing their main character on the left or right third of the thumbnail but it's not just the placement of the main character that matters supporting characters and backgrounds can also be used to direct attention when placed properly natural lines in the background can become leading lines subtly drawing our eyes to the main character and of course the classic red arrow or Circle helps to quite literally point out what we should be looking at in some cases though top YouTubers will intentionally direct some attention away from the main character instead choosing to emphasize a supporting character this is usually in cases where the supporting character is used as a reference point to establish some unique defining characteristic of the main character such as size in those cases top YouTubers are very careful to ensure their thumbnails maintain the proper hierarchy preventing the main character from being overshadowed by any supporting characters this hierarchy can be established using scale where the main character is significantly larger than any other element blur where the main character is in Focus while the other elements are blurred and depth where the main character is the element closest to the camera this hierarchy is especially critical to keep in mind when considering thumbnail text text in thumbnails is tricky in some thumbnails text is an integral supporting character adding critical context Clarity or curiosity in others text only serves to add clutter so if you're tripping over your words here are some pointers text should only be used if it's additive to the story the thumbnail is trying to tell what do I mean by additive well there are a number of ways in which text can help create curiosity it can be used to show scope or intensity in thumbnail such as 41 minutes in or stake number 46 which gives viewers a sense of scale it can add context giving viewers insight to things they may not know it can add Clarity to things that might not be obvious and can even be a source of curiosity acting like a subheading if you do elect to use text in your thumbnails here are some things to keep in mind while the human brain can process an image in as little as 13 milliseconds it takes us much much longer to process text so unless the text you use is a big flat cashy number with a dollar sign in front of it don't count on text to be what draws in viewers in the first place your text should never just repeat your title remember we're going for additive not repetitive and you should optimize your text for legibility this means keeping it to a maximum of five words avoiding it looking like a block of text using language your audience can easily understand and selecting a font that is easy to read typically this means sanser fonts with outlines and shadows unless you're going for a specific brand or Vibe and make sure your text is never higher in the element hierarchy than your main character take this lovely binging with babish thumbnail it's a clear compelling result thumbnail and it looks delicious now let's make the most common thumbnail text mistake no more eye-catching result instead just a block of text you won't bother reading as you scroll past to avoid ruining a good thumbnail with poor text choices ensure your main character always remains the dominant element but position iing alone isn't enough to do that and even the most beautifully structured thumbnail can be ruined if it doesn't apply one critical concept this concept contrast and no not this type of contrast when we say that a thumbnail really pops what we're really saying is that it has good contrast and when applied properly contrast can not only instantly capture attention but also guide the viewer's eye directly to the most important part of the thumbnail how do we do that with color colors have three values Hue saturation and lightness or luminosity and contrast can be created using each of these values contrast using luminosity comes from mixing lights and darks Luminosity contrast is the driver behind the success of this thumbnail from Mr who's the boss this is a novelty thumbnail the Curiosity generated from a strange crystal structure we've never seen before the main character of the crystal structure and the critical supporting character of the contextual text in the arrow are the complete opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background and from Mr who the boss himself if Mr who's the boss's background was lighter our attention wouldn't be drawn to the Curiosity generators anymore they'd completely blend in instead we'd instantly be drawn to Mr who's the boss's face which isn't strong enough alone to drive curiosity and get the click contrast using saturation comes from mixing areas of high saturation with areas of low saturation the best example of this is Ryan tryan's iconic world's quietest room thumbnail which was so effective it started a whole Trend the main character in Ryan's thumbnail is Ryan himself and his reaction to being within the world's quietest room by dropping the saturation to just grayscale for the rest of the thumbnail but keeping Ryan in full saturation that saturation being emphasized even more by using a rich bright color Ryan instantly stands out from everything else and our eyes immediately find him saturation contrast can also be combined with Luminosity contrast for eye-catching results in this thumbnail from Elizabeth Phillips the main curiosity generators are Elizabeth herself in the supporting text Elizabeth's turtleneck and the supporting text are the opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background creating Luminosity contrast but to take things one step further she adds a bright pop of red for saturation contrast instantly drawing attention to her face and the most important word on the thumbnail less common but still worth me mentioning we have Hue contrast contrast using Hue comes from using what's known as complimentary colors these are colors that sit opposite to each other on the color wheel they're the colors that create the most pop when placed side by side in this thumbnail from Mr Beast the color of the raft is neatly complimentary to the color of the water if his raft were a different color it wouldn't stand out as much and take a look at this thumbnail from Nick de Giovani he could have chosen any color as his background but this bright blue is the one that best comp complements the vibrant orange of the Prime bottle allowing it to pop but contrasting Hue isn't reserved for just two colors remember when I said the colors in this Kelly wakasa thumbnail were great it's a great example of split complimentary colors the main colors of Ashley's skin tone her blue coat and Kelly's yellow coat are nearly perfectly split complimentary resulting in each color standing out without anyone overpowering the others other complimentary color schemes include Triads and even tetrads and while using complimentary colors is by no means necessary for a killer thumbnail trust me the vast majority of successful thumbnails don't follow a perfectly complimentary color scheme it's a great place to start if you typically struggle with picking out thumbnail colors but the concept of contrast isn't reserved for color values within a thumbnail itself contrast is also incredibly powerful when applied in relation to other thumbnails your viewers might often see in a second I'm going to show you a screen of thumbnails I want you to notice which ones your eyes are instantly drawn to ready go which thumbnail does your attention keep snagging on for most people it's this one which is wild because looking at it there's nearly nothing on it it doesn't seem like particularly brilliant thumbnail but it stands out to us because it's different while every other Minecraft thumbnail is bursting with numerous brightly colored elements this thumbnail just has one big color block as a result it's remark able it contrasts with every thumbnail around it making it pop so while it may be tempting to follow the thumbnail meta of your Niche consider going against the grain if most thumbnails are maximalist try something minimalist if most thumbnails use red try using blue or green try being remarkable it might just be your breakout thumbnail it was for me but whether you choose to think outside the rectangle or Draw your inspiration from what already works it's safe to say that by now a lot of work has been poured into your thumbnail there are curiosity gaps and scroll Stoppers and contents and composition and contrast it's a lot to keep track of so as you're making your final thumbnail adjustments how do you know when you're done how do you know that you have a killer thumbnail that's good enough to blow up your channel to evaluate the quality of their thumbnails the best YouTubers in the world run their finished thumbnails through a series of three tests which brings us to the fourth and final step in our formula to make a killer thumbnail to blow up your Channel killer analysis the first test top YouTubers run on their thumbnails is the clarity test because when we make our thumbnails they're usually taking up our entire screen on Photoshop canva or in my case figma they look brilliant Bold and Beautiful the perfect thumbnail a masterpiece but your viewers don't see your thumbnail on Photoshop your viewers see your thumbnail on YouTube and thumbnails can look very different in full screen than when they're teeny tiny on a suggested panel so to make sure your thumbnail makes sense at any size popped into a preview tool like click pilot the smallest your thumbnail will ever show up on YouTube is in the suggested panel so to pass the clarity test you must be able to make out every element of your thumbnail in the sidebar view without straining can you clearly read every word can you easily identify every element if the answer is no your thumbnail still needs some work once you've pass the clarity test you can advance the contrast test this is where top YouTubers verify their thumb nail stands out in a crowd add a few channels that your viewers are also watching does your thumbnail interrupt the pattern can your thumbnail stop the scroll if not go back and make some changes if yes you're ready to move on to the third and final test the glance test if you've made it all the way to this test it's safe to say that you've spent a lot of time staring at your thumbnail which means that you're more than a little biased so for the ultimate test of whether or not they have a killer thumbnail nail the best YouTubers in the world show their thumbnails to someone else even sometimes I'll just take take a thumbnail on my phone and show it to someone really quickly and just say what did you see put your thumbnail on your phone and Flash it to a friend family member or willing stranger for 2 seconds and then ask them what they saw if those 2 seconds aren't enough for someone seeing your thumbnail for the first time to fully understand what's going on your thumbnail isn't clear enough but if you pass the clarity test and the contrast test and the glance test congratulations you have your killer thumbnail you'd think that would be the end right but no despite being so intentional about every component of their thumbnail the best YouTubers in the world still have one final secret they apply to every thumbnail they make because even the best YouTubers in the world are wrong sometimes so top YouTubers don't just make one killer thumbnail they make three the one that they hit publish with and two variations they're ready to swap it in a moment's notice as soon as they see a video start to flop these variations aren't as simple as just changing the T-shirt color and calling in a day because of a thumbnail is underperforming a t-shirt color change isn't going to be enough to save it instead top YouTubers will go all the way back to the beginning considering different curiosity gaps scroll Stoppers elements compositions and types of contrast will come up with 10 to 15 entirely different concepts don't worry these concepts are not fully fleshed out they're just sketched out and take from Patty Galloway these sketches don't even have to be that good they are the worst sketches ever known to mankind the sketches just serve as a proof of concept to get a general gist of what the final product could look like from there they'll select the three best Concepts to take to full thumbnails those are their thumbnail variations and those are the backups they have ready to swap in just in case their initial guess was wrong how do you know when it's time to swap in the first few hours after you hit publish closely monitor your videos views Impressions and clickthrough rate or CTR if your views Impressions and CTR are all above average then congratulations you did it you made your killer thumbnail no swapping needed if your views and impressions are both high but your CTR is low that's also a good sign this usually happens because YouTube decided to push your video out to people outside of your core audience and a lower than average CTR is natural and expected no swapping needed but if your views Impressions and CT PR are all below average it's worth swapping to a different thumbnail variation to see if it's a problem with your thumbnail if you're crunch for time and can't vigilantly monitor your analytics hours after each upload that's okay all is not lost YouTube is rolling out their own native AB testing feature and if you're a pleb like me and don't have access to it yet or if you want deeper more customizable testing thumbnail test is a great alternative some top YouTubers wait a few hours before swapping thumbnails and some top YouTubers wait a few days either way it always pays off to have a few variations on standby because sometimes the only thing holding a video back from reaching its full potential is the right thumbnail I know we've covered a lot in this video and for good reason thumbnails are simultaneously incredibly important and Incredibly complex and although I threw a lot at you today if there's anything to remember when making a killer thumbnail to blow up your channel it's give your viewers a reason to click make your thumbnails OB obious to see and easy to understand and pass your tests to help you out you can even save this guide to reference every time you make a thumbnail I'll put a link to download it for free in the video description below and here's the thing the next thumbnail you make may not be perfect or the one after that or the one after that but guess what there is no such thing as the perfect thumbnail thumbnails are an art form not an exact science and all of the guidelines I introduce in this video are just that guidelin for every Point I've brought up there are dozens of examples of killer counter points but sometimes you just need to understand the best practices in order to know which ones to bend or break and as long as you implement the principles covered in this video with every thumbnail you make you're going to get better and better YouTube channels tend to grow a little bit at a time and then all at once and while I might not be able to guarantee that your next video will go viral I am sure of one thing if you keep going and if you keep improving you will get there it might be tomorrow it might be quite a few tomorrows but if you keep with it your big break will come after all you're just one killer video away but a killer thumbnail alone isn't enough to make a killer video because after someone clicks on your video they need to actually watch it and for that to happen they need to make it through your intro so to learn how to make a killer YouTube intro click here otherwise keep creating like And subscribe if you can and I will see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItzJaytheAnimator [1 likes]: Girl your doing well cuz I watched All your videos from start to finish
  2. @HighSchoolMathLab [1 likes]: Amazing thumbnail video. Now off to implement the strategies!
  3. @susmatteoo [1 likes]: The caution sign is also a thumbnail for a rimworld mod. Called common sense
  4. @alpinecricketer: Any tips for thumbnails where the  video 'topic' actually emerges as you film the video ? I.E a sports match. I struggle to wrap my head around planning thumbnails for these because you dont actually know whats going to happen in the video and you only identify potential curiosity gaps in editing.
  5. @UltimateChr: Hahahaha "us (plebs)" 
Man, I feel that...
  6. @aprendese: Best video about thumbnails on YouTube
  7. @MiniJankari: Waaao , I can’t believe , what I saw today ❤
  8. @prabhukrishnan6017: @Aprilynne Alter Never seen the Thumbnail design video like your's. This is too great, Loved it. Thanks a lot for this information.
  9. @33konn: how the hell do I make someone curious about a little music animation I made 💔
  10. @meditationandmusic9725: Best ever video on Thumbnails in the whole Youtube Fully value packed💯🙌
  11. @boringadviceyt: Honestly, you could sell this video like a course and charge crazy amount of money. Thank you for this Killer video!
  12. @hassansyed6087: April, this is my 4th time commenting on your videos.
You know how much game you have given me? Like actual, repeatable, observable winning methods ?
Truly. Thank you
  13. @wicomms: If one is starting a bible channel what thumbnail could we use?
  14. @HodgesKooker: :face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning:
  15. @JabarisBeautifulWorld: Thanks for this!!
  16. @S4SQU4TCH_2K: you just earned yourself another subscriber, thanks (saved your playlist too)
  17. @LastMarauderMusical: Any suggestions for making a curiosity gap for song demos?
  18. @FoundationBibleStudies: Thank you for such a thorough breakdown. This will definitely be a reference as I try and lock in the psych of packaging.
  19. @SaplingofSpunk: > "For the 2025 algorithm"
> Posted December 2023

(Thank you for the info, just thought the date disparity was funny lol)
  20. @asmaadelulu: u have cute hands 🥺

- How to Create Irresistible Thumbnails (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about thumbnails. If you want more views on YouTube, you have to make better thumbnails. This is such a critical piece that most people overlook. Because here's the truth that will really shock you. The game of YouTube, it's not about who can make the best videos. It's really about who can get the most people to click on their thumbnails and then watch a great video. It seems trivial, but it's actually the thumbnails that can make or break a channel. Now, I've been studying the biggest YouTube channels in the world, and it turns out they're all using the exact same thumbnail strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break the whole thing down. This is the five-step playbook for making irresistible thumbnails that will supercharge your views. And by the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right. Now, before we get into it, let me just quickly say, if you don't think thumbnails are that important, look at this. This is my best performing video of all time. 1.2 2 million views and that's the thumbnail. Well, it turns out I actually made that video 6 months before and posted it on a different channel with this thumbnail. And on that channel, it capped out at 1,700 views. Same exact video. The only difference was the channel and a different thumbnail. And this single thumbnail change has been responsible for six figures in revenue for my business. That's how important thumbnails are. All right. Now, before we get into the five tactical steps for how to make a thumbnail, it's super helpful to understand the psychology of viewer behavior on YouTube. And when I say psychology, what I really mean is the process a viewer goes through to decide which video to click on. Now, you'd think the viewer psychology would be pretty straightforward. They see a picture, they click a picture, they watch the video, they're happy. But that's not exactly how it works. The psychology flow for viewers on YouTube happens in three steps. The first thing that happens is what I call the visual stun gun. A viewer is scrolling the explore feed or browsing the sidebar and they see something visual that catches their eye and this freezes their passive scanning brain and engages a more active target lock. Essentially, they switch into a comprehension mode and they're actively trying to figure out what it is that grabbed their attention. So, step one is that visual stun gun. You need to make the thumbnail compelling enough to visually trigger that stun gun effect. And there's actually seven different things you can do in the thumbnail design to give yourself the best chance to create that stun gun reaction. And I'm going to walk through those in a minute. But step one is that visual stun. Now, once the viewer is locked on and they've switched from a passive scrolling to an active comprehension mode, their interest is peaked. So then all they want to do is fully understand what the video could be about and what's in it for them. And here's a critical piece in the psychology flow. Typically, the viewer is not able to gather a full understanding of what the video is about from just the thumbnail alone. It may peak a ton of curiosity, but the image alone will not get them to click. And so, this is where step two happens, where they shift their attention from the image down to the title. And they do this because words are easier to concretely understand than images. Images give us more data, but they're often up to interpretation. Words are much clearer and more specific. So, in step two, the viewer then reads the title to get a more direct sense of what the video is going to be about. And I call step two title value hunting. The viewer is essentially looking at the title to understand if they should opt into watching because it's going to offer some value for them. This is why the title and thumbnail together are often referred to as YouTube packaging. You really can't win without optimizing for both and the viewer consumes both at the same time. Now, I'll explain in a minute how to optimize the clarity and clickability of the title, but just to reframe where we're at so far in the psychology flow. So far, the viewer started paying attention from the visual stun gun and then gut check the relevance of the video for them in the title value hunting. Now, here is where things get interesting. After value hunting the title, they still won't click because step three is when the viewer goes back up to the thumbnail to more deeply comprehend what's in it. And this is called visual validation. Now that the viewer has a firmer grasp of the topic and the promise made in the title, they can anchor when visually trying to comprehend what's going on in the thumbnail. If the thumbnail does a good job of supporting the value promised by the title, and the viewer wants that value, they're going to click. So, the psychology flow is thumbnail to title back to thumbnail. That's how a viewer consumes the information and decides to click. It's visual stun gun to title value hunting, back to visual validation. And understanding this flow is so important because it explains why certain YouTube packaging works better than others. If you have a thumbnail design that's easy to understand, but it doesn't pop visually, then you'll never pass the visual stun gun phase. If you have a thumbnail that visually grabs attention, but the title promise is weak, then it's going to get somebody to look at it, but they won't click because the promise isn't compelling. If you have a strong title and a visually interesting image, but the elements in the thumbnail themselves don't support that title promise, then the viewer is not going to click because they'll be confused. When you make your thumbnails, you want to gut check through all three phases in the flow. And if you don't believe me that this works, go ahead and glance down at the sidebar right now. The first thing you did was look at one of those thumbnail visuals. I guarantee you did not read the titles first. Now, based on that first look, you probably didn't fully absorb what the video was going to be about. you just saw bright colors or a big face. So then before you click, you'd actually have to look at the title to try to figure out what's going to happen in the video. And after that, you'd look back up at the thumbnail to gauge if the elements indicated trust that the promise communicated in the title would be delivered. It's not a magic trick. This is how the brain comprehends video options on YouTube. And all of that that I just described typically happens in 1 to two seconds for the viewer. What a fun game. All right. All right. Now, I promised I'd give you some tactical ways to improve your successes at each of those three psychology steps. So, here's what's on deck for the rest of this video. First, I'm going to break down the tactical enhancements that you can make at each of the three steps in the psychology flow that we just walked through. The visual stun gun, the title value hunt, and the visual validation. Then, I'm going to give you the full five-step formula for how to actually create a winning thumbnail for every single video. This will become your thumbnail playbook. Think of it like a checklist for how to approach making thumbnails. And then finally, at the end, I'm going to rapid fire a bunch of nonobvious but tactical lessons that I've picked up over the last couple months as we've grown on YouTube. All right, let's dive into it. So, to revisit the three psychology steps that we just went through, visual stun gun, title value hunting, visual validation. Let's start with the visual stun gun. What can we do in the thumbnail to create this visual stun gun effect? Now, by definition, you need the thumbnail to grab the viewers's attention immediately. And like I said, they're not going to comprehend the full thing at this stage, but we just need something to pop to turn that passive scanning into active comprehension seeking. This is the red berries and the green leaf effect. Something visual has to grab their attention. Now, as I mentioned, there's seven categories of things that you could put in your thumbnail to increase your chances that this effect occurs. The first one is to use specific color science to create visual contrast in the thumbnail. Now, this means you can either use contrasting colors within your thumbnail or make your entire thumbnail a color that contrasts with other competitor videos in your niche. Doing this within your thumbnail would be using vivid or bright colors that pop against the background. And this could be orange elements against a blue background or white elements against a dark background or vice versa. The best example of this is Ryan Tran's thumbnail from this video here. That orange jumpsuit pops against a black and white background so well. Now, color contrast against your category would be doing something like making a lighter thumbnail when all of your competitors use dark themes. And that's what we've done on my channel, which is why our thumbnails pop so well. Essentially, this tactic would be to use color to create some visual pop. Now, the second way to trigger the visual stun gun is to use a large face on the image. And this can either be a recognizable face like a celebrity or a famous creator or a non-recognizable face with a recognizable emotion. The truth is, when you're starting out on your own channel, you're a relative nobody. And so, the recognizability factor of your own face is extremely low. And so, using yourself when you're small doesn't really help you. In fact, it may hurt you if people don't trust that you can fulfill the promise based on the way you look. But creating the right emotion on your face, typically shock or surprise, can supersede the fact that nobody recognizes who you are. Now, the third option for creating this visual stud effect would be to use some visually compelling graphic. essentially some visual that draws attention because of the bright colors or the way it's designed. For example, this video on my channel about psychology, we used a phone graphic, but we put that optical illusion pattern to immediately draw your attention. The fourth thing you could add would be large text, big numbers, or dollars in huge font on the screen. And this works because people's brains are like magnets to words, especially if they're big, round numbers. And of course, I use this tactic all the time in my thumbnails. And you can see a couple examples of that here and here. Now, fifth would be to use red circles or red arrows to literally aim someone's attention for where you want them to look. Sixth would be using aesthetic imagery, something cinematic or super soothing to look at, symmetrical or with balanced colors. I don't typically do this style on my channel, but this guy right here is a master at this type of thumbnail. And seventh would be to use some sort of designbased collage, either words or numbers all around the subject to create that kind of collage effect. And you can see an example of us doing this on our channel where it worked really well. Now, in a second, I'm going to give you a lot more tips about how many of those elements you should use, where you should place them, and how to go about actually designing the thumbnail. But just remember, in step one, all you really need is to create that initial visual stun effect so that they look down at the title. All right, let's keep going. Okay, so step two in the psychology flow is title value hunting. And this is when the viewer goes from the thumbnail down to the title to actively comprehend and try to figure out if this video is going to be valuable for them. Now, I'm not going to go all the way down the rabbit hole into titles in this video because it would just be way too long. But the secret to writing a great title is that you want to create a perceived value loop. A perceived value loop is when the viewer has clarity on the value they will receive if they click and watch. For educational videos, I call this a desire loop. And for entertainment videos, I call this an interest loop. A desire loop is when you use words to trigger a pain point that's preventing a desire they want. Maybe it's money, growth, or followers. An interest loop is when you use words to trigger their curiosity around a question that they have that's unanswered. And this could be broader. What happens next? How might this end? What might this character do? So, let's look at my YouTube script writing video, which has 150,000 views, and kind of break down what we did to create this desire loop. The title for this was how to write a killer script that keeps viewers hooked. And of course, my content is educational, so I'm working with a desire loop instead of an interest loop here. And the desire I'm trying to trigger with this title is reminding you that you want your viewers to watch your stuff for longer. And the title directly triggers that desire by saying the words that keeps viewers hooked. Now, to make sure that I open that desire loop in your mind, I also reference the pain point you have, writing bad scripts, by suggesting a solution that I have, writing killer scripts. And at this point, if the viewer has that desire, getting people to watch and stay watching, and the pain point their scripts aren't that good, they're going to be extremely eager to want to click. And this is just base psychology at the most fundamental level. This whole thumbnail game is just a cat-and- mouse game of desire and trust. Does the viewer desire what you're saying or showing in the title thumbnail? And then, do they trust that you're going to be the one to deliver it based on what you show in the thumbnail? So tactically, if you're trying to increase the chances that the viewer goes from the title back up to the thumbnail and clicks, you need to make sure that title triggers the desire loop that you want to trigger. And we'll dive much deeper into that on a future video on titles specifically. All right. Now, the third step in this psychology flow, visual validation, is really where the thumbnail design really comes into play. Because at this point, the viewer is ready to opt in and they have that written clarity on what the title is saying. So now they're going back to the thumbnail to try to confirm the comprehension of what the image is showing. And this is where we're going to focus on which elements to include, how many you should include, and why. Now, at this point, you'll realize you don't want the thumbnail to repeat what the title is saying directly. And this is because you want to think of the thumbnail as an additional surface that you can add trust and clarity for when they click that they'll get the promise made in the title. So, in this case with my script writing video, I use that squiggly storyline in the background and then the words basically cheating to reinforce the perception that yes, I have a script writing method that feels like cheating that will solve your pain point of writing bad scripts and fulfill the desire you have, which is to keep viewers watching. Now, let's break down the action steps and general guidelines for what you should include in your thumbnail so that you can increase this comprehension moment and get people to click. The first rule is that you want three elements max in the design. There's seven categories, but you only want to use three of them. And this is because thumbnails are actually pretty small when people look at them, especially on mobile. If you use too many small elements, they're not actually going to be able to see or comprehend what they're showing. Now, for me, in my thumbnails, we typically use a picture of me, some text, and then some graphic element. If you're using a face, make sure the emotion on the face matches the emotion that a viewer should feel when they watch the video. This is why the Mr. Beast shock face is so popular. He's trying to subconsciously trigger that you will be shocked if you click and watch. Now, if you use big text on the screen, you need it to complement and reinforce the promise made in the title. And again, for this script writing example, I use the words basically cheating. We could have written something like scriptw writing masterclass, but that would have been redundant to what was communicated already in the title. It's always more powerful to describe the silent feeling or action that someone's going to have versus the redundant descriptor of what's going to go on. This title text plus thumbnail text needs to increase comprehension and trust, not be neutral or decrease it. And then lastly, if you use some graphic or visual element, it needs to be clear what this actually represents. For example, in this thumbnail, we knew the video was going to be about editing, and so we use this arc version of the timeline to represent that visually. All right. Now, before I go on to break down the tactical five-step formula, I just wanted to mention if you're trying to get better with content and you're not currently a member of Wavy World, you definitely should be. Wavy World is my content community with over 19,000 entrepreneurs, creators, and business owners that are all working together to improve their content, and it's completely free to join. I've got an invite link for you in the description. All right, now that we've done a full deep dive on the psychology, I want to break down the tactical five-step playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Hopefully, this will become a checklist and guide every time you make a video. Okay, now step one is the approach. You need to approach making your thumbnail as if it's the most important part of the video. And that's because it is. And Mr. Beast is famous for saying this. If they don't click, they don't watch. And if they don't watch, there's really no point in even making the video in the first place. So, this means you need to be taking a professional approach to making thumbnails. Now, if you're like me and you're a business owner that's trying to take YouTube seriously, that means you should be outsourcing thumbnails immediately. As soon as I realized just how important thumbnails were to winning on YouTube, I hired a pro as fast as I could. If you want the intro to my preferred thumbnail agency, I've got the link below in the description. You could also try to find and hire thumbnail designers directly using sites like onlinejob.ph or ytjob.co or you could go to Upwork. We also have a bunch of thumbnail designers in Wavyworld that are always looking to partner with different creators. But I will say all of those other routes require a bunch of leg work because you have to sort through applications. But regardless of who you find or where you find them, I recommend hiring a thumbnail designer immediately. Now, don't worry if you can't afford to outsource this yet. I've got the full playbook coming right here. All right, so let's move on to step two, the curiosity gap, desire loops, painoint, and solutions. Before you actually break ground on designing the image, you want to ask yourself, what is the desire or interest loop that I'm trying to create with this packaging? Now, for the rest of this video, I'm going to be talking about the playbook from an educational point of view, but the same thing works for entertainment. So, if I was going through this process, I would ask myself, what is the desire loop for this video? And typically for educational content, the core desire is going to be making money, saving time, or getting healthy. And each of these obviously can be achieved in different ways. For my content personally, I'm laser focused on helping business owners improve their content to grow their businesses. And so, the desire loop in my videos is helping people grow faster or make better content. So from there, once you have the desire loop, you then need to identify the specific pain point and solution that makes sense for this specific video. So let's take one of my recent videos as an example to break down this formula. This is a video where I talk about how I went from zero to 100K on YouTube in just 5 months. Now, the pain point I'm targeting for the viewer is I'm growing too slow on YouTube and I want to grow faster. And the solution is I have ways and methods that I use to grow faster that I can share with you. Now, the curiosity loop that I'm trying to build in your brain from this specific packaging is if I click on this video, will I be able to grow faster on YouTube? And of course, the desire loop again is I want to grow faster on YouTube. So, before you actually break ground on the thumbnail and title, you kind of need to have this dialed in your head. And now we can move on to step three, which is concepting the elements and composition of the thumbnail design. Okay, so in step three, we're going to start figuring out the exact elements we want to use and the composition of the image. And now I already talked about those seven core elements and the fact that really you should only use three maxs in your design. And as a reminder, these are the core elements. Faces with emotion, visually compelling graphics, large text numbers or dollars, aesthetic imagery, or maximalist design collages. We also mentioned red circles and arrows and color contrast. But those two things can kind of be used in conjunction with the first five elements because they're more complimentary. So, when you're coming up with a concept for your thumbnails, I recommend coming up with the elements first and then you can figure out the composition for layout in a minute. Now, I'll explain more specific tactics on how to make each of those better in a second. But just at this stage in step three, you're just concepting and sketching to try to get a sense for what those elements could be. This is the measure twice, cut once of the design process. What we like to do is make a list of the full graphic items or text phrases that we might be able to use just so we have options to pull from. Now, once you have that list and kind of a sense for what those elements could be, the next thing you want to figure out is the composition of those elements on the page. And again, we haven't designed them yet. This is just a lowquality sketch with pencil that takes a few seconds, but just to try to lay it out in your head for what it might look like. Now, for composition inspiration, essentially what the image could look like, it's usually helpful to look at other competition in your niche that has done well. And you can do that with one of 10 or Vid IQ. There are typically three main types of composition. The first one is symmetrical where the main subject is in the middle and then either side is relatively the same. The second is asymmetrical where based on the rule of thirds the main subject is either a third on the left or right and then you fill out the remainder of the image. And the third composition is AB where the screen is actually split into two and you're showing a transformation from A to B. And I've had success with all three composition types on my channel. It just depends on what the specific design calls for and what we're trying to get across. Okay, so that was step three. You've brainstormed and ideulated what some of the right elements and text items could be. You've sketched the composition and you have a general sense for what the image should look like. All right. Now, step four is to actually design the full image. And I'm not a pro graphic designer. That's why I partnered with a thumbnail expert. But here are some specific tips for how to increase the effectiveness of your thumbnail design. Overall, you want all of the graphic elements as high quality as you can possibly get them. You want the text easy to read and everything well spaced so it doesn't look too crowded. Make sure to apply saturation or color adjustments so that things look brighter versus duller. If you need to upscale an image because it's too grainy at the size you're dragging it, I like to use magnific.ai. Now, if you're using a visual graphic as one of your three elements, you want it to be something that immediately represents the desire loop. And the desire loop is basically the transformation that somebody wants. So, there are four simple ways you can think about what that graphic could be. And I'm going to show you each one using a thumbnail from Ali Abdal. The first option is to show the end state of what someone wants. This could be like a PayPal screenshot showing the dollars earned in their account. The second option is to show some visual from a process or visualize the full process that they would go through in the transformation. The third option is to literally show the before and after. And this works really well with the split screen or an arrow from one to the other. And then the fourth option would be to use a graphic to show the anti-transformation state or the pain point. Remind them of the pain that you're helping them solve. So that's for the graphic. Now, when it comes to selecting the text that goes on the screen with the graphic, you want the person to read the text and immediately remember either the pain that they feel or the solution that they'll solve after they watch. And these are basically two sides of the same psychology coin. So, for this thumbnail I just showed you, Ali uses the word alone to re-trigger the pain that it feels like when you're lonely. But for this one, he references the 108010 rule, which is a specific solution for managing your time. So, that's the text on the screen. Now, when it comes to picking an image or a person, try this. If your video actually talks about some celebrity or personal brand, consider using them in the thumbnail. And this is because known figures with personal brands have words or terms that are already attached when you see their faces. It's like increased comprehension when you see them. But don't use someone that doesn't represent the desire loop you're communicating in the title, or it may backfire. Now, if your video doesn't really reference anyone in your category, you could consider using yourself as the subject or face in the thumbnail. However, like I said before, if nobody knows you, this could backfire as a risk because they'll decide they don't trust you because they don't know you. Often times, if you're newer, it could be better not to use a face than to use one that's pretty unknown. Of course, the design part of this process takes a long time and a lot of reps get good at, which is why outsourcing to a professional is recommended. Now, just to give you one more example of my own videos breaking down the final design, here's what we were thinking through when we made the thumbnail for this video. Again, this is the one about my YouTube growth. So, for this one, the elements we used were a picture of me smiling, the YouTube plaque, and then text that said, "I did it in 5 months." Now, the reason we used me smiling in the photo is because we wanted to symbolize the feeling that a viewer would feel if they got their channel to grow faster, happy. And the text is pretty basic, but we underlined the number five to emphasize how fast the speed was. And then we included the YouTube plaque because that plaque is a representation for success on YouTube. All these elements were selected intentionally to trigger the desire loop of someone wanting to grow faster on YouTube. All right. Now, step five, the last step in the process is testing. Once you have the thumbnail designed, you should use something like clickpilot.app to see how it'll look in the explore feed or in the sidebar. This software also lets you pick specific channels that you want to test your thumbnails against that are often competitors that will come up in other viewers feeds. And lastly, and this is super important, you should not leave your video's performance up to chance with just a single thumbnail. And I know it's going to sound crazy after all the work you just did, but you really should be testing with at least three thumbnails. The biggest channels in the world run dozens of thumbnails against each other for every single video. Steven Bartlett apparently tests a hundred different thumbnails for every video of Diver CEO that he puts out. And just to be transparent about what actually goes on behind the scenes, for this video, zero to 100K on YouTube, we made seven different thumbnail designs, and we ABC tested the best three. We like to use YouTube's native ABC test tool, but if you want to get crazier with more options and title combinations, you can use thumbnailest.com to do that. Because the truth is, even though we were pretty sure we knew what would work in the thumbnail, we didn't want to leave it up to chance. And so that's why we pick three options and let the market decide. All right, so there you have it. That is the five-step tactical playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Step one is the approach. Step two is to define what that desire loop is. Step three is concepting. Step four is the design. And then step five is testing. Now, before I end this video, I just want to rapid fire a bunch of non-obvious and tactical learnings that we've picked up over the last couple months really honing in our thumbnail process. Number one is to use green and red as colors to explain good and bad. Any other colors are not going to be as helpful because the comprehension is not baked in automatically. Number two, do not use a design element that gets covered up in the bottom right corner. If you look at your channel, you'll see the timestamp of all the videos overlaid here. And if that blocks a certain word, like it's doing on this video, it can be harder to understand what's going on in the thumbnail. Number three, if you want to make it easier for your thumbnail designer to make a ton of variations with high quality imagery, you should have one photo shoot session, take your camera on 4K or record a video at 4K 60 frames per second and make a ton of different poses. Here's what I recommend. Varying emotions, happy, sad, surprised, shocked, pointing up with the right hand, up with the left hand, down with the right hand, down with the left hand, open hand, closed hand, a bunch of different poses. It'll look crazy and seem insane for 5 to 10 minutes. Do this and then give them that file. All of a sudden, they'll have tons of different pictures to choose from and you'll never have to photoshoot again. Number four, I've mentioned a bunch of times in this video, but just to reiterate, the emotion on the face in the thumbnail is actually a great way to subconsciously skew what the promise will be to the viewer. So, make sure you're using the right emotion and you're taking enough photos to give your thumbnail designer options. Number five, don't use design elements that are too small. Imagine your thumbnail shown as 1/16th on a iPhone 6 screen. This tiny little screen, tiny little image, don't make design elements too small. Make sure they're big and only include three in the frame. Number six, if you're struggling to create separation between you as your face and the background or text in the background, use shadows. Shadows and shading are a great way to create visual separation. Number seven is about clickbait. Everybody says you don't want to clickbait. That's completely false. You 100% want to bait the click. That is your job with the thumbnail. But clickbait is only clickbait when the content doesn't match the promise. If the content is good, then baiting the click is simply required to get people to watch. Number eight is about building a thumbnail swipe file. A good way to dial in your style over time is to just have a folder on your computer where anytime you see an interesting thumbnail, screenshot and dump it in. You can share that folder with your thumbnail designer and they can use that as a starter for ideas. You can also go on one of 10 and Vid IQ and use their thumbnail features to save these as well. And the last tip, and I'll say it again because it's so important, do not wait until the last hour to rush and try to throw together a thumbnail before you post a video. You're doing things in the wrong order. If people don't click, they won't watch. And then making the video is really worthless if you can't get them to click. This means you either need to start your process making the thumbnail or at least have a really good idea for it or hire a professional to do this for you. Like I said, the way I do this on my channel to make it completely stress free is I have an ideas team that comes up with the ideas, comes up with the titles, comes up with a thumbnail design, and then I hand that dock to my thumbnail designer who will design seven options, and we can pressure test three. If you want intros to both of those parties, I've got links below. All right, guys, that is all I've got for this video, and we covered a ton of ground. As a summary, first, we went through the psychology flow of a viewer on YouTube and how they decide which video to click on. We also broke down the seven different visual elements that you can use to create that visual stun gun effect. Then we walked through the five-step tactical thumbnail playbook that you can use as a checklist and a guide moving forward for every video. And lastly, we covered nine non-obvious tactical tips, little things here and there that would just boost your performance over time. As always, I try to put everything I have into making the best videos in the content creation space. So, if you like this, please like, subscribe, leave a comment, and let me know what you want to watch next. And also in the description, I have so many other free resources and guides. I really just want to see more people win. So check those out and we will see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [6 likes]: Work with me (to grow on YouTube): https://kallaway.co/youtubeacademy
  2. @miryanski [3 likes]: I actually clicked on this video solely by looking at the thumbnail.
  3. @zeezypher [1 likes]: 21:47 thanks so much for explaining this. I tried adding my face to some of my thumbnails and my CTR just tanked almost immediately
  4. @kypaintster [1 likes]: Thanks,  Very Helpful!
  5. @HiddenEarth-map [1 likes]: This is very helpfull thanks
  6. @emmericdupreez: Best video to date on this topic! Thank you and well done🎉
  7. @Cooldowns9527: Well done with the video, man. It's very helpful and pleasant to watch.
  8. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Thumbnail wins usually come from one readable focal point. I’d keep it to one subject, one emotion, and one clear promise at a small size.
  9. @MAKOTO_SHISHIO: I really enjoy this guy's videos—they're amazing, seriously.
  10. @IgnacioHerraezGonzalez: Such an amazing video mate. Congratulations!
  11. @FinancialFreedom101-k5u: He is moving his hands more than necessary, expressions also too much 😅
  12. @Kenny-Ross: Hands down the best video on how to create professional click-worthy thumbnails. I love when information is delivered in an organized and detailed manner. The presentation of everything was excellent! Thank you Kallaway! 🫵
  13. @adamitasargore7817: thank you!!
  14. @Viitorvoiceworld: really helpful, thx
  15. @SabrinaFecteau-f8s: Thank you.
  16. @Hggg-q7q: This video is actually more then a paid course. Thanks bro❤
  17. @reshmathakur4167: Please make a video on how to make a title
  18. @Alex-dk4px: Too much UNORGANIC hand movement.
  19. @iconxxxxx: @kallawaymarketing Please, which app or software do You use to create thumbnails?
  20. @chelseaaariyanna: I definitely need to work on my thumbnails nd working on a cohesive flow for channel recognition

- Make Your Edits Look EXPENSIVE (Simple Tricks): Kind: captions Language: en you ever finish an edit you watch it and think yeah this is fire but then you show it to someone else and they hit you with the yeah it's cool yeah that's the moment reality hits the problem isn't that your edit is bad is that you're biased because you made it you know how much effort you put in but the viewer they don't care about that so most people never actually fix their mistakes and what happens they get stuck making the same cheap looking edits forever but not you because today I'm going to show you how to make your edits look [Music] expensive if your edits look packed with too many effects it's probably doing more harm than good ever watched an edit and thought wow this looks like a million Doll ad and then you look at yours and it looks like it was made in Microsoft PowerPoint here's the secret expensive edits aren't about doing more they're about doing less but better think of Apple commercials they don't need crazy explosions or 3D Tes flying across the screen they just use clean simple visuals with intentional motion and guess what it looks expensive even though you can recreate it with any software so next time you're editing ask yourself do I really need this effect or am I just doing it because I'm bored let's talk about fonts I by your smile the fastest way to make an edit look cheap is using the wrong font fonts play a bigger role in your edit than you think the wrong one can make it look cheap while the right one just makes it instantly more polished here's some fonts that you can use if your edit looks flat and lifeless it's probably your color gring here's a before and after see the difference the first one looks like a high school project and the second one looks like a cinematic film here's how you fix it use adjustment layers to tweak your brightness contrast and color balance and if you really want to flex add subtle film grain some halation and even an overlay also that was more for camera film videos but if you make Transition edits like I also do adding a little bit of glow in S curves adjustment and sharpen it really makes your edit pop a little bit more cuz it's not really about color grading it's more about actually making your visuals look better that's some free game right there by the way sound design this one is underrated because if your edit doesn't have sound effects is missing so much impact see how much more expensive that feels even the smaller sound effects pushes for motion bases for impact subtle clicks for UI movements they all make the edit feel more immersive even if you're just working with types adding a switch time when it appears tricks the brain into thinking it's more polished all right before we jump into the next step I've got something big for you guys I'm launching beyond the cut a private telegram Channel where I'll teach you exactly how to edit like a pro and turn it into a real I've had a ton of requests for this and here's the deal when I open direct mentorship there will only be 10 spots available but even before that I'll be dropping exclusive tips on editing creativity and making money as an editor plus live streams q&as and maybe even giveaways and here's the best part the first people to join will get this crazy text animation pack for free so if you want to head start don't wait this is the only place I'll be giving this opportunity if you're serious about editing and making money from it click the link in the description and join now back to the video motion you ever see an edit where the movement feels weird choppy and stiff that's because motion needs to be smooth fix it by using easy EAS and tweaking the graph Editor to get that nice flow or you can check out my video where I teach you how to do smooth movements and to end of video I just want to say that beyond the cut is now live as I promised I gave away my text animation for free so make sure to cop when you join I want to start this year by helping out some of y'all with some editing game and especially those 10 of y'all who are going to be working with me closely on your editing Journey again the link is in the description thanks for watching and I'll see you guys next time Deuces been feeling like I am the one ain't nobody on this level i' been on they living like this I'm King of the hell I just become my St don't really f with you I come off like Bill yeah just like that

  Top Comments:
  1. @NaughtyyJuan [209 likes]: Ask me some questions for the Q&A on the Telegram!
  2. @abdullahsakib2528 [1 likes]: I use everything you mentioned, but still it isn't cinematic in my eyes.
  3. @DiaryOfaQuirkyKid [1 likes]: I almost didnt listen to you , i was sooooo into the visuals lol😭
  4. @yxungsauce2567: What font you use in this video as a main?
  5. @GoldenSkye: Mush mouth on the mic
  6. @Mkv2II: Uhhhh you put vsc osd mono twice. And i know that the second one is not vsc osd mono
  7. @HistoricallyMC: 1:01 for a solid moment I thought that the video had indeed been interrupted by an ad.
  8. @game_of_gambit: Bro talking in capital letter 😅😅😅
  9. @FOOLFX77: Gojo aint even planetary level
  10. @draiX-ds: Please make a vidio with arbic 😅
  11. @LocalTurdSupplier: are you the narrator for billionaire bears?
  12. @StevenBucao-s6i: holy ending
  13. @OKAY.manreal: Fix your mic bro
  14. @lolitsmejs1234: How he got so many cool stocks? Where can i get nice stock
  15. @HistoryBrainer: Asake Mr M$ney
  16. @velumuntold: Bro your voice is so calm ❤
  17. @velumuntold: Thanks for this master piece ❤❤
  18. @zachmoliga: Yo this is an inspirational masterpiece
  19. @The404Cookers: My edits really look like power point somehow
  20. @itsmeindigo: 1:23 ...except vegas pro (what i use)

- Doobydobap's Editing Hacks to Improve Your Pacing: Kind: captions Language: en - So for our post-production process, usually-- - We organize it in days so it's a little bit more manageable, and then I will slowly try to find out what can we cut away from 15, 20 minutes. I'll try to cut it down to five, six minutes, and then you'll take the last bit and see where can we cut it. - We like to keep each segment. And when we talk about segment, like each restaurant or location or food to around two to three minutes, I know that most people on YouTube who are watching on their either phone or their laptop, you sometimes skip. You just wanna see the next food, like what's there. I do it too, so I understand. We wanna make sure that it's jam packed, it's intense, it's a big flavor bomb when it comes to the videos and to make sure that all the essence of it is there. So many of these spots are actually Michelin rated, and for the next 120 hours, I'm on a mission to eat through 50 of the most iconic street foods. Another thing I like to do in the editing process is really work with different angles first and flow. There's some cuts here where you can see it's really long, and then here it's like doo doo doo doo, are actually Michelin rated, just very short and spiffy. I love a contrast, and that also works with speed. So if you see here, some are at 800% and then I go back to normal, and then 400, ramp it up, slow it down, and I like a contrast of things. I think it makes it a much more visually enticing video, especially in the intro. I like to call it the fan edit of the videos for food, of like K-pop idols, and that was actually something that I was very much inspired by for the intro part. We film in 60 frames for that reason so that we have the option to be able to slow it down by 50% and it still doesn't look too choppy. (upbeat music) Thai salt coffee is definitely not a drink name that you'll find in Starbucks, but it's an important part of Thai Chinese Street coffee culture that dates back to the early 1900s. So this is the transition into the actual food scene. Usually I do have like a main A cam, where I explain it, because I talk a lot about food. And all of this we have on file of me just talking into the camera, explaining what it is. But we did find it sometimes a little off putting, I don't know. - Yeah. - Because it felt a bit too long, and yeah, we can layer in the B rolls and stuff. But I'm much stronger, and I talk much faster when I'm doing voiceovers. So it's just doo doo doo doo, a lot of facts. Short, condensed, doesn't feel like a lecture. Now we opt to do the more description of things in this way. - You can definitely be more concise, like we can see now the voiceover here is 23 seconds. I remember the whole talking portion about just this coffee brewed in a sock was-- - The history behind it 'cause I nerd out like-- - It's seven, eight minutes of just you talking. - Yeah, I geek out. For the voiceover, I like to do it chronologically. Before, I used to do like, okay, let's finish the video like 70, 80% holistically, and then go from the very beginning, watch it again, and then do the voiceover. That was my initial approach, but it ended up taking so much time. Actually, it's much better if you just finish a section completely with music, sound, color grading, and then move on, because then you know that section is done and you can just cross it off. I think there's no perfection when it comes to video editing. It's never going to be 100%, and at that point, from 90 to 100, it's your ego speaking. These are also gonna be details that only you as a creator and probably also amongst peers, are going to notice. But that's inevitable. But that's not your audience. Your audience wants to see more of you and more videos and these little details, yeah, important, but permissible, I guess.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Din_a_di_14 [70 likes]: awesome tips! can't wait to try these tips when editing my vids in movavi today!
  2. @digspaghetti [7 likes]: Want more Digital Spaghetti? You can watch the full episode with Doobydobap for FREE at https://patreon.com/@digitalspaghetti
  3. @josephfkinnanv [6 likes]: I enjoyed this video! I am a self taught creator, who has been making videos for about 9 and a half years now. I started at age 11 and I am 21 now. Thank you for the reminder at the end 3:22 about little details that only us as creators would notice, versus the point of content creation, which is to make a video! Whether it is educational, persuasive, entertaining etc. I notice that I get caught up in trying to make the "perfect" project too often.
  4. @Nkr3dible [4 likes]: You have no idea how much I needed to see this! Thanks . I think the key take away I'm getting from this is that no matter how well I plan my shoots it might not go as planned and no matter how well I edit in post, there are somethings only my peer editors and myself will notice, but my actual audience are not critics trying to analyse my work for a 100 percent mark. This lets me feel less critical about some things I may not be able to fix or find a way around , not that I won't try but I won't beat myself up or stop creating & posting just because It's not hitting the 100
  5. @Clipperinni [4 likes]: Important, but permissible.

I love that. Thank you, Tina and Kevin!
  6. @rootnoteco [2 likes]: One of the things people don't realize is that usually good TV and film is like this too. It doesn't have to be "fast-paced" but everything happening has to feel *important*. I think that's one of the biggest things people misconstrue. Fast-paced cuts of things that aren't important to the narrative aren't going to be any more effective than long takes of things that aren't important.
  7. @onyourmarkss [2 likes]: “from 90-100%, that’s your ego talking” real.
  8. @Andlouisseonthemove [2 likes]: What editing software do they use?
  9. @KianaCintron-h6n [1 likes]: Wow! So much value and education in just under 4 minutes. I love it!
  10. @kenseyemedia [1 likes]: Love seeing the hands on approach coming from a content creator this content is great!
  11. @mtowngthang [1 likes]: this girl is a dirsgraced to koreans.
  12. @VenusXan [1 likes]: wow this is so helpful! as a new solo creator I always wonder how others edit their videos! Really apprieciate you explaining your editing jouney because I too went through the same phrase of realizing it's way easier editting sections <3  Love geeking out on edting. 

Any new creators here too? 
My channel's about holistic living and just travel adventures!
love meeting new creators! come say hi :)
  13. @AnujShetty-i1b: The K-pop fan edit inspiration for food intros is genius, it makes the pacing feel so much more modern and energetic
  14. @chrislan2927: Does anyone know which headsets they are using? i'm interested in using it for work. such a clear audio.
  15. @ruffprophetproductions: Permissible is a great word to describe it. And that 90-100% is veryyyyy true
  16. @JeanaTheGreat: Hey does anyone know what type of editing software they used here as an example?
  17. @NoFacesPoker: Last 10% is ego. Man, I like that. I'm going to challenge myself to not get ego in the way and JUST POST.
  18. @ryanisaaks: 😇😇😇😇😇
  19. @Efrancisworks: Great break down!
  20. @TestAcc-t9k: Doobie needs sum sleep fr

- 10 CapCut Editing Hacks that will BLOW YOUR MIND🤯: Kind: captions Language: en Here are 10 CapCut editing hacks you may not have known existed. I will be sure to note which features are free versus paid, but a majority of these edits today are using free features including some of my personal favorites like placing text behind you, the Spotify scroll hack, and of course the typing hack. As always, timestamps are below, use them if you need them. Let's jump into it. Hack number one, remove the ugly automated CapCut outro. You know how when you start a new project in CapCut, at the very end you get this automatic beautiful CapCut outro, and then sometimes you forget about it, and then you export it with the video on. Yeah, there's a way to turn that off. So, let's do that together. In your CapCut app, you're going to go to the me tab on the bottom, and then top right press the tool icon, and under preferences there's a option that says add default ending. You're going to toggle that off. Then, you're going to press discard, and now that automated ending will not appear whenever you create a new project. Hack number two is removing the background of your videos. Knowing how to do this simple edit is going to open the floodgates of all other editing hacks that you could have access to including the typing feature or typing hack, which we'll get to in a bit. If you want to see the best success with this when filming your video, make sure you have a simple background going on behind you. If it's a very busy background, you're out and about, to be a lot harder to remove that background. It could be could be harder to remove that background. So, to keep it as easy as possible, simple background means simple background remover process. Simply, all you're going to do after you have your clip imported into your CapCut project, you just select the clip and then scroll until you see background or remove background, and then this one could be either free or paid. So, if you have CapCut Pro, you just press auto removal. It'll automatically identify your subject, remove the background for you. That's great. If you don't have the pro version, you can do custom removal. With this tool, there's a free and paid option. So, for paid options, obviously you can select auto removal, and it would remove the background for you. Really, really easy, but I actually don't have the pro version. I don't know why that worked. Maybe I can't export it unless it works. And then, another pro is under custom removal, quick brush. You just highlight the object that you want to keep, and then it'll apply the custom removal. So, that's like the paid version. But, if you don't have the paid version, that's okay. You can do the free version, and I'll show you how to do that. With the free version, all you're going to do is select brush, and you're going to, yes, trace all of you. I do this typically in like two steps. So, I first do like the middle chunk of me. I don't worry about getting too close to the edges. I just do the middle chunk. I don't have to be too clean with it. So, we're going to fill in the blanks here. Then, when it comes to like getting those fine lines, I'm going to bring the size of the brush down, and then go a little bit slower on the edges. Now, if you want a little bit of a hack for technique, just do little bits at a time, because if I try to do, let's say I did this whole side perfectly. Pretend this is perfect, perfect. And I get all the way to the end, and then I mess up, I'd have to redo that whole thing. I have to press undo, redo the whole thing. So, I just do little bits at a time, like this section, lift my finger, next section, lift my finger. And instead of dragging your finger on the screen like this, I just tap hold, and then I tilt side to side, instead of like drag. Obviously, I wasn't looking, so I don't know what I did there. That is how you can do the free version. Yes, it's a little bit more time consuming, but you still have access to the feature, and it still works wonders. Just take a little bit of time to trace those edges, and your background's removed. Once it's removed, your video will look like this. Now, in what scenario would this even be helpful? Let's jump to our next hack. Hack number three is placing the text behind you. This is the video that I created over on Instagram showing a visual example of how you can put text behind you in a reel. I originally saw this idea from Art of Influence Co over on Instagram, so definitely go give them a follow. First things first, I want to add my text. So, I'm just going to put this text behind you. For editing like the font or the style, just switch over to styles. You could choose what you want that to look like in CapCut. The fonts, you could choose the font. I usually keep the classic system or Anton. Anton is one of my brand fonts, so those are the two that I usually alternate between. And I want to place it right Uh, you won't be able to see the U much, so I'll put the U here if it's behind me. That's kind of where I want my text to be. Now, what I'm going to do is select the clip that you want the front and behind happening, so we're going to select this clip. We're going to duplicate the clip. Then, with the duplicated one over here, we're going to turn it into an overlay. Let's click and hold to drag this overlay on top of our original clip. Now, they should be perfectly in line with each other. With the overlay, we are also going to remove the background. Custom removal, you do your removal process. And then, go back. We're going to find the layers option. Layers. Make sure your timeline line, this guy here, is where the text is. So, again, we select our overlay, find layers, and then we're going to drag our overlay to be in front of the text. Check. And now, our duplicated self, or the self that had the background removed, is in front of the text. Just like that. If you've learned something new so far, be sure to click the thumbs up because that tells YouTube that other people like yourself would be interested in this video. And if you learn two new things by the end of this video, consider subscribing to my channel so I can continue to create weekly free content like this for you. Hack number four is to create your own green screen effect. We all know the green screen effect that you could use in Instagram or in TikTok. But if you film a video and while you're talking to the camera, you're like, "Oh, it'd be cool if I added a pop-up here." You want to add the green screen effect post filming. This is how you can do that within CapCut. So, I'm just going to go to the part where I want the green screen to pop up. So, where I'm pointing, boop. Once I start pointing, we're going to split. And then here is where I'm like talking about the article or whatever it's going to be. I think right here is where I end talking about it. So, this section is where I want that green screen effect to begin. Let's first do our duplicate, kind of similar steps to last time. We're going to duplicate. For the duplicated version, we're going to turn into an overlay and then again put it on top so that they're perfectly in line with each other. CapCut will like bounce it to the right place. Select your overlay and mute it cuz we don't want both audios happening at the same time. So, I'm going to mute my overlay and I'm also going to remove the background on my overlay. So, remove background. Cool. Continue. Okay, cutout applied. Now, we're going to add another overlay. This is going to be our green screen or whatever it is that we want to come up behind us. So, we're going to select overlay on the main timeline, add overlay, and then add the screenshot that you want to appear behind you. Let's adjust to size. There we go. And obviously the overlay is in front of us. So, I want to do is simply adjust the layers. So, we're going to select the overlay, go to layers, and then make sure our cutout is in front of our green screen. Drag to fit. And now it'll pop up. pretend there's a green screen. Here. And then it goes away. Hack number five is to make products pop up in your video. This is another editing hack that I saw on Art of Influence Co over on Instagram. So again, shout out, credit, that's where I originally saw this and I thought it was cool and I wanted to share it with all of you. Doing this is really simple and a fun way to add a little bit of animation to your video. Basically, whatever product you want to pop up, you're going to find it on your explore, screenshot it. Let's say I want Ben & Jerry's ice cream to appear. We're going to screenshot and crop in. Done. Save to photos. Then we're going to go back, add an overlay, our Ben & Jerry's screenshot. Then again, we're going to remove our And now we could have just like pinch your fingers and you could drag and drop everything where you want it to go. And then to set the duration of how long those products pop up, you just click and drag the end of that graphic in and out depending on when you want it to appear. Looks like I actually start pointing there. Cool. So. Ding. We'll start it. Cool. And then you just keep doing that with all the products that you want to appear. Hack number six is how to turn your boring photo slideshow reel into a fun dynamic 3D reel. This hack I originally saw on I thought it was super cool. I had to include it in this video, so go show some love to that creator. What you're going to do when you create a new project and you want it to be like a all photo reel, select the photos that you want included in your reel or TikTok, whatever you're making this for. After you've added your photos, make sure that the aspect ratio of your project fits in a short-form frame. So, we're going to switch over to the TikTok 19x16. Then, we're going to click our photos and zoom in so that it is full frame. So, what it is So, it is full frame. Next, we're going to pick a song to edit the photos to so there's some rhythm, some magic happening. Let's go to sounds. I'm going to choose a free one. That one. I'm going to start it on the beat drop. That. And real quick, I'm going to trim down the duration of my photos to fit the rhythm of the song. Right now, it's kind of boring. It looks like a school slideshow that you put together for your teacher for your class project. We want to add a little pizzazz. So, we're going to select our photo, press effects, and then style. And we are going to swipe until we find 3D zoom. Here we go. 3D zoom. Apply this effect to every single one of your photos on the timeline. So, now it would look something like this. Think you get the gist of it. Hack number seven is making cover photos for your Reels, TikToks, or even YouTube thumbnails. Let's say there's a frame somewhere in your project that you want to be the cover image on like your Instagram Reels feed. So, if I go to Instagram and I want a specific cover photo or even like YouTube thumbnail from a specific frame in your video, you can do that. At the very beginning of your timeline, you'll see this cover option. Now, you're going to select the frame. So, like that. I think that's the frame that I want to use. We are going to select use template, and there are a bunch of different templates here that we can use. I'm going to do, as you can see, like default. It's good for YouTube thumbnails. So if you have horizontal video you're editing your YouTube videos in CapCut, easy way to make a YouTube thumbnail. I'm going to do this vlog one. Check. Then we're going to tap and edit our text. dynamic photo reels styles. Check. And then of course you could edit all the other text or delete it. Boom. So this is the cover image that I want people to see in my feed. I'm going to save it. Now when I export my project, not only will this be the cover image in my own camera rolls, but what I'm going to do, I'm going to screenshot it. Crop in so it's the cover photo. Save. And then I'm going to edit the video so that the video actually doesn't start with that. So we're going to trim the front of the video off. Done. Save video. So now separately we have the video saved and the cover image saved that we can upload then to Reels, TikTok, wherever. Hack number eight is using a teleprompter within CapCut. This is a hack that I originally saw from Jenny X Social Media on Instagram. I've also had a few students bring it up in my coaching groups. So a lot of people tend to like the teleprompter option in CapCut. Basically to access this on your edit tab, make sure that that top row of features, press expand. Here is the teleprompter option. Now this is the only feature, only hack out of all the hacks in this video that is paid. So if you want a teleprompter where it's scrolling your script while you record a video, CapCut has it. It is only available in the pro version. All you would do is put your script here. When you're ready, have your phone set up, you press record, and the script will scroll while you're recording, so that way you don't have to memorize a video that you've scripted. Teleprompters are pretty self-explanatory. I feel like I don't really got to explain it too much, you know what I mean? Hack number nine is the Spotify scroll effect. I originally saw dude Neil over on TikTok teach this one, and I saw so many people using it. It is so cool. You don't have to just use Spotify, you could also use to scroll on TikTok, like show the screen recording of TikTok. You could use it in so many different ways. I'm just going to show you the traditional Spotify scroll hack. All right, starting our new project, obviously you're going to have to film two different videos. One is a video of you scrolling nothing, and then the other is the screen recording of you scrolling through Spotify. Ideally, you line them up so that the pace of your scroll matches the pace of your scroll in the Spotify screen recording. Here's my video, me thinking. I scroll, I scroll. Select the video. Now, this one we're going to zoom it in. And we're going to select overlay, whatever overlay is. Okay. Where there's a scroll. Going to crop it in. We're going to drag the overlay to go on top of me, obviously. Then we're going to select our overlay, because obviously you can't see me yet. We're going to choose the splice option, and then we're going to choose lighten. Now, you should be able to see both the Spotify scroll and myself. If you don't like the way lighten works, because lighten, it works well for the Spotify screen recording, since Spotify default is dark mode. If you're on Instagram, you're using light mode, you could click different things and see what works best for whatever app you screen recorded on. Filters another great option. I'm going to stick with lighten check. Then let's match up my scroll with the Spotify scroll real quick. Now that everything is lined up correctly and the scrolls are matching pretty well, we're going to do a few other effects on our overlay. So, overlay, select, we're going to go over to transform and then select mirror. I feel like this makes it look a little bit more realistic because it's like what my perspective is, what I'm looking at. I cut it here, so we're going to make sure this one's mirrored as well. And while you could leave it here, this looks cool already. There are a few other effects that you could add to make it even more dynamic. So, for example, you could choose the mask option. Here we go. Mask, mirror. This is going to add kind of like a fade or a gradient. I'm going to focus like like that could be cool. See what that looks like. Good fade. So, you see before, after. Let's add it to mask, mirror, fade. That should be pretty good. And that's how you could edit the Spotify scroll effect. Hack number 10 is the typing hack. This one is one of my personal favorites and I'm going to shout out Roots Marketing Agency where I learned personally how to apply this effect. All you need are two clips, a clip of your hands typing and a screen recording of you typing in a notes app. For getting the screen recording in your notes app, it doesn't matter whether it's light mode or dark mode. What I like to do is press enter until my kind of typer, what's that was called, flash flasher typer thing is at the as bottom or as low as possible. I'm going to switch to the title format, so it's as big and bold and I'm just going to type Instagram hacks you didn't know existed or Instagram something, right? So, once I get that screen recording done, then I'm going to upload my videos into CapCut. Now that I have my clips, I'm just going to cut the parts that I don't want. Here's clip of me typing. Cool, we're going to split, delete. Here's my screen recording. Instagram tips no one tells you. Split, delete. With your screen recording, what you're going to want to do is go to transform, resize, and you're going to crop in because we really only need like this much of that screen recording. Check. And then you're going to turn this into an overlay. Overlay. Drag it onto your other clip. Drag, drop, align it to where you want it to appear. And then just like with the Spotify screen recording, we're going to choose splice. If you did your screen recording of your notes app and you're in dark mode, you're going to choose filter. If you screen recorded in light mode like myself, you're going to choose darken. This is going to give it a nice opacity. Now, let's actually line up the keyboard with my hands a little bit better now that I could kind of see. There we go. But, the issue here is obviously the keyboard is in front of my hands. We don't want that. We want my hands in front of the keyboard. So, take us back to like hack number three where we removed the background of our main subject. We're going to take our main clip, the hands clip, we are going to duplicate it, duplicate, we are going to remove background. Check. We're going to turn it into our overlay. Overlay. Drag it on top of everything so that they're in alignment with each other. And now, we have our hands in front of the keyboard. Perfect. That looks so good. And that's the typing hack. If you'd be interested in a desktop version of this video where we talk about hacks that you could apply on CapCut with your desktop, let me know down in the comments below. And watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [180 likes]: Thank you for watching today's video! Here's where you can get 7 days of Capcut Pro for free: https://www.capcut.com/activities/subscribe/?irclickid=Th82BqW9rxyPUYo16aTnv23QUks1HPypr1g61g0&sharedid=&irpid=2463088&irgwc=1
  2. @flowerroju5 [1 likes]: nice
  3. @Fourpaws-m6w: I have a video of me punching the guy who owes me 900.00.... I posted it and the end has the capcut outro.... 😂
  4. @DazedandDelulu: I LOVE your content Millie, this was so helpful and reignited my love for editing which had previously hit a wall as learning it is just SO exhausting!! but you make it so easily digestible, engaging and easy to apply! thank you xx
  5. @tadzy9287: You are amazing thank you beautiful ❤
  6. @FrenoDockins: The content is top notch I really appreciate the effort.
  7. @FosbergTreves: This channel is underrated It made my day better.
  8. @tuma0893: Thanks for sharing
  9. @Kindris.shorts: great!
  10. @adainreallife: This is such an amazing video. Thank you!!! Just made it 60k likes.
  11. @adainreallife: I try not to put so much editing into my videos because I have just 20 subs and very few views.
  12. @fginspire: i must say you are so amazing with your tricks. thank you very much
  13. @Queen.cari_: I started my channel a while ago and stopped for a while due to a tragic death in my family. But im back and videos like this are so helpful. Im writing this comment to remind myself to keep pushing even when it feels hard or heavy because I know my videos help make a difference ❤❤❤
  14. @inspired11: desktop
  15. @yvonneewoigbokhan: Is there a version for CapCut desktop
  16. @AdvancedDispatchDynamics: Thank you this info is gold
  17. @MyFriendDaysi: Love your tutorials, understand perfectly.
  18. @Austin36197: All new and small channels gather here.. It will be really helpful for all of us :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  19. @Sachzindagik: So well explained 👏👏👌
  20. @ItsAshieBooYt: Yk u can use chroma key it's the easiest way I use and I remove the bg in one sec

- How I Got 1000 Subscribers in 8 Days (Do This to Actually Grow on YouTube): Kind: captions Language: en So, for the first six weeks of uploading to this channel, I was getting almost zero views and zero subscribers. And it got to a point where I realized I need to switch something up. So, after making just one small change, I reached my first 1,000 subscribers just 8 days later, which is absolutely mental. So, in this video, I want to share with you how I made that happen using that one simple change, and how you can also use it to get to your first 1,000 subscribers as well. Okay, so here we are inside of my YouTube analytics. And what we're looking at here is the first 6 weeks of the channel and you can see there's not really much going on. So we're getting 10 views, eight views, some some days were even zero views. And over the course of that entire 6 week period, we gained 11 subscribers. And it's important to note that all new creators and all new YouTube channels have a period like this where there's nothing going on. And I call this the dead zone. but also because the niche I'm trying to get into is extremely saturated, which by the way, if you don't know who I am, my name is George and I help earlystage creators to grow faster and earn more. But this content creation niche is very saturated, so I did expect the results to be quite slow at first. But I'm not sure if I expected the views to be this low. I mean, there were some videos that literally got zero views when I uploaded them. And if you're in this stage of your journey as a creator, maybe you can relate to this because even though the views were very low, I knew I had something to share and I knew that I had insights that people would find valuable. So, I had to keep going. But having said that, it's still not a great feeling. Like, let's just be honest with each other. If you spend hours or even days on a video and you put your heart into it and your creativity into it and it gets like seven views, it does sting a little bit. Like, let's just be honest. But then I posted a video called How Content Creation Completely Changed My Life in 90 Days. And it's actually pretty likely that that video is how you found my channel in the first place. And now if we look back to the analytics, you can see that that 6 week period that we were looking at before, I mean, you can barely even see those spikes that we were looking at. And you can see as soon as I posted that video, the views just immediately shot up to, you know, about 6,000 views a day. And if we click up here, you can see that in the 8day period after I posted that video, we reached 1,000 subscribers. And I really wanted to show you this because I really want you to see that just one video can literally change everything. And I think this is so interesting because when it comes to YouTube, I think a lot of new creators, they expect to see kind of slow, linear progression over time. And they usually expect to see something a little bit like this. And there's a reason why we expect this because you know in life that's usually how we see results with this kind of slow linear progression towards our goals. For example, if you were trying to learn the piano, you would expect that over time and over the years with practice, you would slowly improve and slowly see results. But when it comes to seeing results on YouTube, I would say 90% of the time it's not going to look like this. it's going to look more like this where we have this kind of long dead zone period and then all of a sudden you post one video and everything changes. And this actually happens to most of the big creators. So I remember Hamza back in the day talking about this where he was describing this long period where nothing was going on and then all of a sudden he posted one video and his entire channel blew up. This is so valuable because it means that if you're not seeing results yet and maybe you're feeling a little bit disheartened, it might be because you're expecting to be here in terms of your results, but you might actually be here. So, yeah, that's just something to think about. Now, let's dive into this then. So, what one change did I make right here to reach my first 1,000 subscribers in 8 days? Now, here's the thing. When you are an early stage creator, you have a big problem to overcome. And that's that when people see your video recommended, they also see the amount of views. And this could be a bit of a problem because unfortunately when people see a video with low views, they associate it with low quality and then obviously they're less likely to click on it. And the most egregious example of this is if you were to upload a video called How to Grow on YouTube and the video had, you know, like seven views, then it's going to be very hard to get people to take you seriously. But this also actually applies to any niche on YouTube. Because if people see your video next to a video that has a ton of views, they're going to be more likely to click on the video with high views. because again they associate it with high quality and I wish that wasn't the case but it is the truth. So how do we remedy this issue? How do we counteract this negative social proof of having low views and not many subscribers? Well, what we're going to do is lean into our newcomer status. So what on earth do I mean by that? Well, I think this will make a lot more sense if I give you an example. So let's say you're trying to get into the fitness niche and you know you've got 12 subscribers. You're a brand new creator. Now, at some point, your videos are going to start getting recommended next to the absolute pros. You know, these are guys with perfect bodies in perfect lighting. You know, they've got millions of views. And if you posted a video called How to Build Muscle Fast or something like that, it is game over because people are going to go with the pros with millions of views every single time because they're going to assume that they have more value to give. It's just the harsh truth. But here's how we fix this. We need to lean into the fact that we are new creators. So, we need to lean into our newcomer status. So, instead of just posting a broad video about how to build muscle fast, it would be way more powerful to post a video documenting your first year or even your first 30 days trying to build muscle as a beginner. And to prove how well this idea works, this is Joe Faser's channel. He has around 2 million subscribers and his first ever video has 31 million views. And the title and thumbnail looks like this. Now, the thing is that 31 million people didn't click on this video because they thought he was a certified expert. They clicked because they saw themselves in him and they wanted to follow along with the early stages of his journey. So now if we zoom out, this is so interesting because if you post a video where you lean into your status as a new creator instead of trying to look like an expert, the fact that the video has low views kind of compliments the video itself because it makes people think that they're discovering something valuable and something relatable that not that many people know about. And the crazy thing is that in all the videos I've watched about, you know, how to grow a YouTube channel, they never mention this, which is mad because it's such a powerful concept for new creators because again, this is the concept that I used to start seeing some real growth on this channel. So instead of posting videos like how to grow an audience in 2025 and and things like that, instead I decided to switch it up and lean into my newcomer status and start talking about the struggles and the successes of my first 90 days as a content creator. And in that video that did quite well, I talked about all my insecurities and all my overthinking when talking to a camera. And I talked about my unfiltered experiences as a beginner. And I think people really resonated with that because it's something that everyone goes through and everyone can relate to when it comes to getting into content creation. So finally, how do we apply this to your own videos? So you want to start off by asking yourself, what journey are you actually on right now? Like genuinely, what are you learning? What are you building? And what are you struggling with? Because trust me, these small moments are so much more powerful than you think. These are the moments that make your story real and they make you more magnetic. And then you can also think, what is a specific milestone that you've hit recently, even if it's small, that others might want to hit as well? Like for example, this video right now. So to a lot of people, hitting 1,000 subscribers is not really a big deal, but to a lot of small creators is a huge milestone. And these are the aspects of your journey that you really want to focus on. And it's so cool because this is actually your advantage as a small creator because people don't always want to learn from the experts or the gurus. Sometimes they'd rather just learn from the person who is maybe one or two steps ahead of them. And I think that's actually what I'd like to leave you with because if you're sat there thinking, you know, I don't have anything to teach or I don't I don't have anything that I'm an expert in, then you're probably the exact kind of creator that somebody out there needs. And if you are interested in watching or even re-watching that video that got me to 1,000 subscribers in 8 days, then there should be a little box appearing on the screen somewhere over here. So yeah, click onto that video and I'll see you there. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @george.xander [476 likes]: Thanks for watching 💙 btw if you want my complete, step-by-step system for actually growing a real audience as a creator, this if for you → https://zerotocreator.co
  2. @Progamer_5263 [1 likes]: I have 900 Subs 😊
  3. @Biarissa-e7w [1 likes]: Hey! I just posted my first 2 videos on this new channel and yes, is very hard. 0 subscribers at the moment :D But you motivate me to keep going! I appreciate it. ❤
  4. @AmuhaByYukti: New creator here❤ need your support friends 😅 ✨
  5. @DreamWorksvlog8205: Lets grow together💪🏻💪🏻..New creator 2026
  6. @randypalacios3431: Ito all the small channels we got this
  7. @Trulyblessed951: Truly blessed for this video!! Posting my first one Friday!
  8. @michaelnowaczewski: It’s amazing how you figured all of this out on your own. And honestly, isn’t finally becoming yourself worth more than thousands of subscribers?

I bet that feeling beats any number on the screen 😉
  9. @BeyondBroke-w7j: ✅✅✅✅🙌🏻🙌🏻❤️
  10. @GenXStuff: Currently in deadzone and trying to figure it out. Thanks man, this helps a lot.
  11. @yrolgkidstv: Who else is watching may 2026😊
  12. @TopChie.: Anyone here trying to get 1000 subscribers too?
  13. @CalmCookingJourney: It's hard to stand out with one video making ASMR cooking videos without showing yourself
  14. @lyfwtrahul: Such good information.. presenting in a perfect way..❤
  15. @TryItWithTyler: Thanks for the tips bro👌🏼
  16. @Createwealthwithruth: I am a new creator in 2026,If you are a new creator let's connect
  17. @ADayInMyLIFE-n5i: Hi good day, new creator here.❤
  18. @GrowYourOwnSeasonGardening: You are 100% correct ... I just started my channel, and it is slow growing.  Did get my first subscriber so that was really cool.    I don't need to have my channel "blow up", just need it to get to people who could use the information I am posting on gardening.
  19. @CamoMilk514: Thanks for the insight george
  20. @MDCRx: I have to keep thinking of myself as a new creator as a wellness creator of 5ish years 😂😢

- How I Got 15K Subscribers in 1 Week: Grow a YouTube Channel FAST: Kind: captions Language: en I've actually been monetized two times. The very first time, it took me three months of showing up, being consistent, and going live almost every other day in order to grow the watch hours. I took some time off. I came back 2 years later, and my channel was basically done. I was no longer monetized. I wanted to be intentional, but I did not want to spend another 3 months trying to grind and grow my channel. So, I went back to the system that I actually created the first time around, which is the three T's to YouTube success. Your topic, your title, and your thumbnail. And the result of that, within one week, my channel had grew to monetization status. One video brought in over 8,000 new subscribers, over 100,000 views, three brand deals, and thousands of dollars in digital product sales and full-time clients. I then tested out what I'm about to teach you guys today out on another client. And one client went from getting around a 100red views on average before she did the three T's and ended up getting a video with over 500,000 views. Another client started with 60 subscribers and ended up with over 22,000 subscribers within 4 months. So today I'm going to break down the three T's for you and help you do the same thing. Let's get into T number one, which is your topic. This is like what your video is actually going to be about because we don't just throw random things on this platform if we want to perform well. You want to treat YouTube like a search engine. This means that people are coming on here looking up certain things or they are more prone to watch certain topics. And so you want to make sure that the content you're putting out aligns with that. The best way to start with your content is to start with keywords. Meaning we can go to youtube.com right now and we can start typing in some of our interest. Whatever you may want to talk about, whether it's cooking, hair, business, YouTube growth, whatever. When I'm thinking of what topic I should talk about next, I want to make sure that it aligns with what's currently doing well. And my criteria to know what's currently doing well is I need to see at least three to four videos on that similar topic within the past year that has over 100,000 views. Because if other people are watching this content, then surely they're going to also watch my content. One thing I'm never doing is I'm never clicking to watch the video ever because I have no interest in what they're talking about. I'm only going to be bringing my own experiences to this platform. And this is one of the ways to make sure that I'm staying original. I'm only looking at their content to see how to shape what I want to talk about here. Before I start making the video, I don't again, I don't just copy what they're doing. I ask myself, okay, now what will my take be on this? What is my unique perspective on this topic? This step alone has helped my clients go from invisible to viral because they finally like tuned in to what their audience actually cares about. I had a client before who she knew her overall topic was health and wellness, but she didn't know what area of health and wellness her customer was searching for right now on YouTube. So, as she did this search, she found a key area that her clientele was interested in. they had questions about and she mapped her next four or five videos on that topic and that blew her channel up because she finally got focused on the specific area her audience cared about. But once you know the topic, we want to make sure that people actually can find and then they actually watch your video. And so the next two T's are extremely important. So the second T is your title. In order to get views on your videos, you first need impressions. So, when I'm scrolling on YouTube and my eyes before I click on anything and my eyes see this video, that video, whatever, they're all showing up on my computer screen, all of these videos are now getting impressions, but then I have to actually click the video in order to view it. You can't get views unless you get impressions. So, nobody can click on your video if YouTube is not pushing your video out to people. So, then how do you get more impressions? You usually get more impressions based on the keywords that you use in your title because whatever people are typing in, if you have keywords that align with that, when they're typing it in, your video will pop up. Or let's say somebody watched cat videos and they watched orange cat videos. And if you have the words orange cat in your title, even if they're not searching for orange cat videos anymore, if they watched 10 other cat videos, then YouTube will push your video to them if you have a similar keyword. So, here's a quick two-step formula I use in order to get really great titles. Number one, find three videos on the exact same topic. that's already doing well. It's posted less than a year ago and has over 100,000 views. So, I find these three videos and as I'm looking at these three videos, I always ask myself, are there any words in their titles that they have in common? Whatever words they have in common in their title. This is obviously going to be some of the keywords that that's pushing them out to get those views. So, whatever keywords they have in common, I take those keywords and my title must include those same keywords. I mean, I literally put them in a Google doc and I'm just looking at them one by one. What do they have in common? And whatever I see in common, I keep a running list of keywords at the bottom of my Google doc. And then I say, okay, the second part of that formula is what is my unique twist? May have a lot of things in common, but then how does my video stand out? Maybe in my video I'm going to talk about a specific thing that they didn't. And so now when I make my title, I'm gonna make sure that I include those keywords that they all have in common, but I'm also gonna add in my unique twist. So now when I do a title like this, I'm not only getting ranked and found because of keywords, now I'm also adding some curiosity to it because now they want to see how I did this different. But the T that brings it all together. T number three is your thumbnail. So, the honest truth is, if your thumbnail is not intentional or crafted well, you can still lose views. When people actually click on the video, this is now going to affect your click-through rate. What percent of people actually click to watch your video, and that click-through rate is important. Everybody will tell you, y'all probably have heard it before, you want to get at least a 5% or higher. That's always my benchmark. And if you have a really low click-through rate, eventually YouTube will stop pushing out your video. If you post your content and you realize your click-through rate is really bad, then you want to focus on switching up your thumbnail. Let's talk about how to make a really good thumbnail. It should do three things. Number one, you need to have some great contrast and clarity. Like the lighting, the colors, all of that really matters. My last two thumbnails did really well. I'm going to put them here. And let me show you what Let me take this one down and put this one up. Do y'all see the difference between these? So, the things that did well between my last two thumbnails is I made the background really dark and then I made the words really light. So, that way when people are scrolling, it pops up at them. They can see it really clearly. They don't have to wonder what is this saying? They can already read it really clearly. So, that is extremely important and that affects how many views you get. Like, who's going to actually click through to watch this video? But once you have great contrast and clarity and people can read the words on the thumbnail. Then you want to make sure that your thumbnail is building curiosity. Your thumbnail should make people wonder what you're talking about. It should ask them a question. It should make them wonder what is he or she going to say. And so you never want to repeat your title in your thumbnail because you're not giving them anything to be curious about. And then lastly, you want to have some type of emotional draw in your thumbnail. The thumbnails that perform the best for me is when I'm looking like this. People are wondering like, "Okay, what's going on? What's wrong with her? What's going on in the video?" And so when I make these different faces in my thumbnail, as silly as they might be, they do really well for bringing in views. I can be honest and say I spend about 20 to 30 minutes actually filming a video. And I'm spending 30 minutes plus coming up with a title and thumbnail, sometimes even more. Any thumbnail, I'm on YouTube all the time just watching different stuff. And when whenever a thumbnail catches my attention, I always screenshot it because I want to make sure that I'm also catching people's attention. And so I want to use some of those elements that worked for them in my thumbnail. Now, the bonus T number four that if you watched this far, this is important for y'all to know because it's one thing to get views. It's another thing to build subscribers and a community. The best way to build subscriber count and community, which is going to be key to getting sales, which is like the next part of this, you want to have a common channel theme. This is the same thing as your niche. You want to make it so that people know that they can come back to your channel again and again to learn about a topic. So, a good example of this is my last video that I posted has at this point, I think, over 40,000 views. Um, and at first it wasn't getting that many subscribers because people were watching the video, getting what they came for, and they left. But then I left a comment there just because I like to leave comments and talk to people when they watch my content. So, I left a comment saying like, "Hey, by the way, I'm going to make another video, which is this video, another video helping beginners to increase their reach and their views if this didn't help." As soon as I posted that comment, I started getting a lot more subscribers from that video because people now know they can come back to my channel to learn more about a topic. When you tell people what to expect next or if you have a common theme for your channel, you'll see that you'll start to get more subscribers and community members, not just views. So, with these four T's, the three and then the bonus one, you're going to be able to start turning your ideas into great successful content. Then the next step of all of this is turning your content into income. And so if you're someone who you want to turn your channel into a business, that's exactly what I teach inside of YouTube for business. This is like my favorite thing that I've ever taught. I've been teaching it for some years now. And it's for new and growing creators who want to build a channel with purpose. Create products and services that actually sell consistently. And you want to be able to use your content to do the work for you. So if you're someone who you're like, "Okay, let's do this. I'm tired of just throwing things to the wall and seeing what works. I want to actually build my channel, but also grow an audience and build my income. Check out the links down below and join me inside of YouTube for business. If you are new to YouTube or you've enjoyed this video and you want to learn how else to grow your channel and your income, then make sure you guys hit the subscribe button down below and I will see you guys for my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FeralFamBam [1 likes]: Can I ask should I click on allow ai training by 3rd party in settings
  2. @AboutThatActionTV [1 likes]: Great information. I’m growing slowing
  3. @Official_Onaa [1 likes]: Help a girl out!😭❤️
  4. @consolationletachukwu: I went from 1k views to 4views😢
  5. @Hood-Parenting: I need help. 😢
  6. @Tubemetrixx: New creator lets go.
  7. @BoeGertz: Small creators we got this!! I hope everyone grows big! My goal as of now is 100-500 followers in the next 3 months hopefully
  8. @design.dynamics01: To be honest of we all follow one another, we will get there soonest & easily. Who's with me let's go🎉❤
  9. @Laylamanyanya1: Congrats 👏🎉🎉
  10. @emondmoore351: Amazing information friend thankyou
  11. @AMomentofSoftBliss: Thank you for this seriously, it means a lot to those of us just starting out. I’m a small/new channel trying to learn and grow, and this was really helpful. I appreciate you sharing this with us!
  12. @FlipFanatic: I flip furniture and I decided to create a channel showing what I get and when I flip.  I was already making videos so I figured why not.  I’d love for you to take a look at what I have so far and any advice would be greatly appreciated
  13. @UVentureTravel: This was so helpful! So much information packed into a short period of time and presented in such an easy to understand manner! I will start using some of these tips. Thank you!!
  14. @Stephjewel: We got this!!!!!🎉
  15. @ChikamsoObidileAI: Can’t wait to get there, thank you so much for the impact❤
  16. @LifewithAnnietah: New creator here
  17. @EliteSpanish: I only teach Spanish, but I don't know much about editing, this is what I need to learn. Silly thumbnails, I'm gonna try that 😅
  18. @Makingfrenchlanguageeasy: Nyce.
  19. @BecomingheragainOfficiallyTC: Very helpful
  20. @AwakeningLeela2: Could I hire you to help me with this?I am absolutely stupid when it comes to this kind of stuff.
I have found my videos monetised , but I m not getting any money

- How I Grew from 0 to 100K Subscribers in 5 Months (Nobody Teaches This): Kind: captions Language: en I just hit 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. 0 to 100K in just 5 months. And here's the truth. I did not follow the conventional wisdom. Some things, yes, but along the way, I figured out a bunch of new tactics that really sped this process up. So, in this video, I'm going to break it all down. These are my nine biggest nonobvious lessons for going from 0 to 100K on YouTube. And if you want to grow faster, you're going to want to watch this video. All right. Lesson number one is absolutely critical. This is the biggest reason why I was failing YouTube before. So many people get this wrong. The most important factor for winning on YouTube is making videos for a super precise audience profile. I call this audience matching. You want to match your content with the same audience over and over and over. Let me explain what this means. To grow on YouTube, you need the algorithm to put your videos in front of the right people. This is obvious, but here's what's not obvious. If you help the algorithm find these people, it will push your videos to more of them and you will grow faster. If you make it harder for the algorithm to find these people, it will not push your videos and you will grow slower. So, it's critical that you help the algorithm get confident in knowing who to push your videos to. Okay, so what does that actually mean? If you make 10 videos in a row about science, the algorithm is pretty confident that video number 11 is going to be about science. That means it knows exactly who to push video number 11 to. people that want to watch videos about science. This is an example of a good audience match. All the videos are aligned for viewers that want to watch science. But here's the problem. The more you jump around to different types of videos on the same channel, the worse it is. So you make one video about science, and then you make a video that's more about tech, and then you make a video about career paths as a scientist, and then you make a video vlogging where you kind of do science stuff, but kind of don't. These seem the same, but they're actually all targeting very different audience profiles. In other words, the type of person that would find value in each of those videos is not the same. There's some overlap, but there's also a lot of difference. So, if you do this, the algorithm gets really confused. It has no idea what your next video is going to be, and so it doesn't know which of those subsets to push it to. And when that confidence is down, the algorithm pushes you less, the click-through is lower, your videos don't do as well, and you grow way slower. This is an example of an audience mismatch. If your content audience fit is misaligned, your channel will not grow. And I know this because my first YouTube channel, which literally has an interview with me and Mark Zuckerberg, is a dead channel. Nothing I post is going to grow on there. And that's because I tried making tech videos, but I also tried vlogs and these content breakdowns and entrepreneurial blueprints. All four of those video types were actually kind of good, but the targeting on that profile was all over the place. And this is the really important part. The reason I tried to make all of those different types of videos is because I made the critical mistake of assuming that the game was me making videos about the type of stuff that I liked because I assumed that if people subscribe to my channel for me then all the different stuff I liked they would like. And this is a massive massive flaw in logic because here's the brutal truth. People are not watching for you. They're watching for them. They like you as the messenger but they're primarily there for the message. Whether it's motivation, inspiration, tactics, comedy, entertainment, they watch your stuff because they're getting something out of it for themselves. So, by making four different types of videos for four different audience profiles across four different sets of needs, you're actually alienating all of them. And worse, the algorithm doesn't know which of the four to push to next. To to be really good at finding new people that are not currently subscribed to you. And the easiest way to help it find those people is for every single one of your videos to be super valuable for the same audience profile. All right, so what does all this tactically mean for you? How can you take this and tweak your strategy on YouTube? Let me lay it out exactly. When you're starting your channel, you need to start out with the audience, not the topic. Imagine your audience is a single person, one individual. Who are they? What are the sets of problems or interests that they're interested in solving? You need to make videos week after week after week for that one person. And if they truly are your dream viewer and you truly make videos that help them, there are likely going to be thousands of other people exactly like them that the algorithm will go find for you. For example, on this channel, I make videos for entrepreneurs that are trying to grow faster with content to build bigger businesses. This has always been my focus. Every single video I make has been for that exact same audience, entrepreneurs, for that exact same purpose to grow their business in the exact same way with content on social media. And because I've been so militantly narrow from the beginning, the algorithm has gotten really, really good at helping me find more of those entrepreneurs. If I make 22 videos in a row that resonate super deeply for this audience, then the algorithm is pretty sure that number 23 is also going to resonate deeply. And because of that, it pushes my stuff more. Now, the worst thing I could possibly do now that I have that algorithm focused and trained on 23 videos in a row is violate that consistency with some random video. I think of this audience matching phenomenon kind of like playing a form of internet darts. The more you throw darts at the same board, the bigger and bigger the target gets. It gets easier and easier for you to hit it. This increasing of the board is the algorithm helping you. But if you throw one dart at this board, a second dart at that board, a third dart at this board, all the boards start getting smaller because the algorithm doesn't want your offtarget darts messing up the board. Once you pick an audience avatar, you're allowed to experiment wildly with different types of formats. Think of those like different shapes of darts, but you need to be super narrow and disciplined with the audience focus, the board you throw to. And here's the last thing I'll say on this to prove to you how important this is. on this channel. I made my biggest video about storytelling that just hit 1 million views. Well, I posted that exact same video on the Zuck channel. Literally the exact same video, and it was capped at 1,700 views. Same video, wrong avatar, audience mismatch. All right. Now, lesson number two is super counterintuitive, and this will save so many of you. When you start a YouTube channel, your intuition is that when you make a video, you want to post and share that video on all your other social platforms to get people to come watch it. You'll tweet about it. You'll put it on Instagram stories. You'll make a LinkedIn post. Do not do this. It is crushing your YouTube growth. And let me explain exactly why. Think of every social media platform like a highway. The viewers on those platforms are driving cars at different speeds. So short form videos like the Audabon, let's say it's 90 mph. Twitter is maybe 75 mph. YouTube is maybe 50 m hour. People watching YouTube have their brains clocked at 50 m hour. That's what normal looks like to them. So when they see your video come up organically on the YouTube home feed and they click it, the speed and delivery and pace is kind of exactly what they're expecting to watch. But when you post about a YouTube video on Instagram reels or story, some other platform, this takes someone who's driving at 90 mph and forces them to immediately ramp down to 50. This is a mismatch from what their baseline is. is. And so what happens is they click, they go to the YouTube video, they watch for 30 seconds, and then they bounce cuz it wasn't the consumption pattern and speed that their brain was clocked at. Now, maybe they churn because the speed was too slow. Maybe they churn because they didn't have the full 15 minutes to watch the YouTube video. But whatever it is, they churn. And this sends a super negative signal back to the YouTube algorithm because the algorithm is only evaluating your video on really two factors. One is click-through rate, how many people click the thumbnail and get to the video. And two is average view duration. How much does an average viewer actually watch of your video? When someone clicks your link from Instagram stories or any of those other platforms, you don't actually get credit for the click-through rate because they never clicked the thumbnail. They went straight to the video. And then their average view duration is super short, 30 seconds or 1 minute because of the miles per hour problem. So, it's actually a double negative that you do not want. And this double negative nukes the metrics because it signals to the algorithm, hey, don't push this video on the homepage. People are clicking and not liking. This is a disaster for growth. So the question is what should you do? How should you approach this? And the answer is you should do nothing. Personally, I have 800,000 followers on Instagram, Tik Tok, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn, all the other platforms. Not a single one of them knows that I post videos on YouTube because YouTube wants people that like YouTube to keep liking YouTube and keep watching YouTube. So I figured, let's just let YouTube do its thing. I don't want to cloud the algorithm with anything. It's good at finding people if you stay aligned to my point before. So let's just let it do its thing. In a way, this trains the algorithm that all of the work is on it to grow the channel, and it's actually really good at that. Now, if you just can't help yourself, you have this huge following on social media, you're brand new on YouTube, you really want to tell people, you can do it, but absolutely do not post a link. Take a screenshot of the thumbnail, put that thumbnail on stories or tweet about it. Make people go into YouTube, search your name in the search bar, find that thumbnail, and click it. Even though their viewer duration might be low because the miles per hour issue, at least you get credit for the click-through rate, which helps one of the two metrics. Now, I will say the only cross-platform content medium that does work well to share your YouTube links is email. And the reason why is because while YouTube is at 50 m hour, email is more like 20 m hour. And people are willing to go from slow to fast, they're not willing to go from fast to slow. And so, if you want to help grow and you have an email list, sharing your YouTube links in email can actually be a huge help. By the way, before I keep going, you can probably tell I don't really think about content the same way as everybody else. If you like the way I think about this stuff, I've got two other things in the description for free that you're probably going to like. The first one is called Virality Blueprint. And this is my approach to dissecting how virality actually works. It's a 5-day email series. You can subscribe below, completely free. It's at viralitybloopprint.com. And the second thing is I write a weekly newsletter about this stuff where I share these kind of hidden gem behind-the-scenes tactics that I don't talk about on YouTube. That's called content department. You can subscribe to that at content.game. All right, let's keep going. Now, the third lesson is to understand how the psychology of being a small channel works and how viewers actually perceive you. Here's how social media and content psychology really plays out. People will more freely click and stay on your profile once your following passes a social credibility line. Let's say that line is 2,000 subscribers. So, what actually happens is if you only have 200 subscribers or a video with like 64 views, people may see your title thumbnail and actually get intrigued, but then they'll look and see the small subscribers or small views and they'll think twice before clicking. It's sad, but this is the reality of how it works as a small channel. This is why it's so much harder to get that escape velocity initially because there's just a lower percentage of people that are willing to give you a chance. What you need to do is find a way to get to that social credibility line so that any random viewer will give you a max opportunity. And this line varies from niche to niche and format to format. But on YouTube, I think it's about around 10,000 subscribers. Now, there are two pathways to get there. The common path, which is what most people have to do, is just hammer videos consistently and kind of step up 100 to 200 subscribers at a time, over and over and over, building up until you get to 10K. And like I said, this is really common. That hockey stick graph, there's a reason that flat part lasts so long. That's just how long it takes. Now, the uncommon path, which to be honest, few people get to experience, is to have some lucky viral outlier. If you get one of these, it'll bring in thousands or tens of thousands of people overnight, and it will rush you right up to and above that social credibility line. And to be fair, hitting that viral jackpot doesn't make you rich. It just means that for every video after that point, every person's going to give you the max chance to watch it. Now, the big question everybody wants to know is, how can I engineer the viral hit? And the easiest way to do it is with what I call a quality shock. It's not actually about what you're saying in the early stage. It's more that the package of your overall video is so shockingly good relative to how small you are that people subscribe almost as like a tip of the cap. And to be honest, the only way to engineer this predictably is to have pretty advanced video skills from the beginning, which is fair, not many people have. So, the way to get this uncommon lucky viral outcome, it's either a quality shock or it's just pure luck. Now, I'll be honest with you. On this channel, I was fully planning on the grind it out strategy. 100 to 200 subscribers at a time. It was going to take two years. I was settling in for that and I was investing in the team before. I just got lucky with the ladder that I had a viral hit. For mine, I actually had two viral hits back to back. My fifth and sixth videos on this channel ended up at a million and almost 200,000 views. But, I'll be transparent, that was my 25th long form video that I tried and my 300th video total between long and shorts. I had thousands of hours in front of the camera, thousands of hours editing. There's a lot that goes in behind the scenes to create the lucky overnight viral hit. So, I'm just being transparent. I was planning on not even having one, but I got lucky that I had two back toback. All right, the next three lessons are going to be super tactical about the three most important parts of the videos themselves. But then after that, I'm going to break down a few of the mindset hacks that were really, really critical and helping me keep going. Okay. Now, the fourth lesson you may have heard before, but I've got a few unique learnings on it. The truth about YouTube is that it's not really a game of who can make the best videos. It's more of a game on who can get the most people to click on the right title thumbnail and then validate that click in the intro. It's frustrating, but YouTube, the video platform, is actually a packaging game because the best-in-class click-through rates are like 10 to 12%. So that means 9 out of 10 people that see your thumbnail will not click on it. 90% of the potential viewers that could have watched never even watched. Now, as someone that came from mastering short form first, this was super hard for me to accept cuz with short form, there is no packaging. There's no title. There's no thumbnail. Ideas still matter a ton, but the short form feeds just surface your videos automatically to people. So, you don't even have to think about packaging. Here's a couple of the quick hit learnings that I picked up about YouTube packaging that will help you on YouTube. You really shouldn't start making the video until you have the title and thumbnail relatively dialed. For titles, they should complement the thumbnail and literally bait a click. Not clickbaity in the schemy way, but you need people to click on the video to watch it. Usually, this is by describing their dream outcome or a painoint in the title that you're going to solve. For the thumbnail, you should follow the three item rule. At max, you should only have three things on the thumbnail. Maybe it's you, maybe it's a couple words in text, and then maybe it's a graphic. That's it. Anything small, they're not going to see. Anything complex and detailed, they're not going to see. And here's another tip that people don't talk about a lot. The emotion on your face in the image matters a ton. You want the emotion on the facial expression to match the tone of the title or the tone that a viewer should experience when they're reading the title. This is actually super underrated, matters a lot. So, let's take the packaging example of this video I made on hooks. The title is how to create irresistible hooks and blow up your content. And we specifically use the word irresistible because that's what people want. They want content that people have to watch. They can't ignore. Then we added the and blow up your content as a modifier at the end to be really explicit on exactly what you're going to get out of the video. Now, the thumbnail has three elements. In this case, it's me and then it's two different text graphics. One of the graphics says the hook and the other one says storytelling masterclass. We specifically use the word masterclass to exude quality and that there was going to be some depth in the video. Combine that with kind of the mischievous little smirk I have on my face. My eyes are open, but I'm kind of smirking. It just gives this sense that I know what I'm talking about. using the word masterclass, having the big word hook, and then that smile on my face meeting with the irresistible hooks. It just combines in a way that's really, really tough to resist clicking. Now, if you guys want, I'll make a full video on YouTube packaging, thumbnails, and titles in the future. There's so much more to go into. I just can't cover it now. Just leave a comment, let me know. All right. Now, the next lesson is talking about intros and hooks. And the non-obvious lesson that I didn't know is that click confirmation is critical to winning on YouTube. This is the first 10 to 20 seconds of the intro, right after they click. It's when their urgency to solve that painoint is highest. They click on the thumbnail, they're most excited. What are you delivering in that 10 to 20 seconds to confirm that what they clicked on is what they're getting. Cuz if they don't see that, it'll feel like a bait and switch and they'll bounce. Now, fortunately for me, because I made all those short form videos and the topics I'm making YouTube videos on are content strategy, psychology, and hook frameworks, I have a deep, deep mastery of how to actually do this. So, I could crack this pretty quickly. I've made other videos on this. I'm not going to talk about it again here, but I have a formula that crushes YouTube hooks and intros every single time. I actually put it together in a template that you can just use and fill in the blanks. If you want that, there's a link below. It's completely free. Now, the signature lesson here is that if you want to make a hook that actually hooks them and holds them, you need to create contrast against some common belief. So, common belief is what they think today, your contrarian take is something you know about solving their pain that's different from what they believe. The distance between common belief and contrarian take is contrast. If you frame this contrast explicitly in the hook, you will hook them. And if you can aim that hook at a pain point they have, well then they're going to watch the whole thing. All right, lesson number six is on differentiation. What can you actually do to make your videos cut through and stand out against everybody else? Well, here's the first piece. When I make a video, I'm trying to make the best video ever made on that topic. Period. Like, I really, really hold every video to that standard. And when I say best, what I really mean is the highest value density. In other words, how much value is a viewer going to get every single minute that they're staying on my video? Like, so far in this video, I've dropped six to 10 super tactical things that you can use to grow YouTube faster. And moving forward from this point, I have another four to five that are buried the rest of the video. So, I'm not holding anything back. This is as much value as I possibly could pack into this topic. The easiest way to cut through and differentiate is to approach your videos in this same way. Now, the truth is, in order to do this, you have to have something valuable and different to say. And what do I mean by this? If you're trying to be an expert, it helps if you're actually an expert in the topic. This means proof that what you're saying is actually going to work. If you don't have proof, it's much harder to get somebody to rationalize why they should trust what you're saying. For example, if I make videos on content growth, but I've never actually grown with content before, well, then what good is my take? It's going to be super generalized. Instead of starting on YouTube, you should spend all that time actually building up that skill of value, coming up with an interesting take and then start making content on YouTube. Now, there are three different ways you can differentiate on YouTube. One is in uniqueness, so that's what you say. Two is in the distillation, which is how you say it. And then three is in the explanation, so the examples or metaphors that you use to explain your points. You really shouldn't start on YouTube unless you have a clear hypothesis for how you're going to be different and more valuable across at least one of those three axes. And I'm telling you, it's so much easier to win when you actually have proof that you can do the thing you're teaching. If I would have started doing this around content without proof, it would have been so much harder to grow and I probably would have quit because I wouldn't have grown. Now, the good news is if you actually do have differentiated skills and expertise, you're going to crush on YouTube because the bar is so low for people that actually have that. All right. Now, lesson number seven is a big one. This was a huge reason for my success. I hired a professional YouTube team from day one. I'm going to explain exactly how I did that and why it helped so much. YouTube is a 40 hours per week game. If you never tried it, it will shock you how many man-hour it takes to actually produce videos of this quality consistently. I would not recommend starting on YouTube unless you're going to go allin with every hour you have or you fund it with a professional team to hire yourself out of the process. It is so much easier to cash flow somewhere else and then put that cash in to hire a YouTube team. This is actually why I recommend most entrepreneurs should start with short form on Instagram and Tik Tok, cash flow quicker, and then use that cash to go allin on YouTube. Now, YouTube boils down to five main roles. There's ideas and packaging, thumbnail design, script writing, recording, and editing. For me, I was terrible with the ideas, terrible with packaging, couldn't do graphic design, so had trouble with thumbnails, and hated editing. I felt like my strategic advantage was the script writing, the storytelling, and the recording. And that's the part that I didn't actually get frustrated with and I was willing to do over and over. So, I took the areas where I had gaps, and then I built the Avengers for YouTube. I have an ideas team that literally does all the research on the space, finds the best ideas, comes up with the titles, hands me the thumbnail design in a dock where I can just sit down and go. So, that's my ideas team. I have a thumbnail designer that is amazing at the craft of making thumbnails that match and complement the titles. And then I have two god-tier editors that are unbelievable with coming up with graphics and animations. Combined, we have one of the best teams on YouTube. I'd put money on that. And I would never have been able to get where I am this fast without that team. Now, if you run a business and you have the cash flow to invest in hiring out your own YouTube team, I would strongly recommend you do that. There's really no better ROI anywhere in content and marketing than YouTube. And I would not hire a one-stop shop agency that does every role because you're just going to get average performance across the team with a super fat markup. The better way to do this, which is what I did, is to hire out specialists that are savages at every single role and then stitch it together. If you want to hire out those individual roles like I have with savages, I've got links in the description for every single role and I'll connect you with my team. All right, before I get to the mindset stuff, I just want to quickly cover one more learning. I call this perception of quality. I don't care what people say in 2025. The perception of quality matters in driving subscribers. Your audio and video quality, it matters. Even if it only holds a viewer for a split second more, this increases your chance of getting them to like you. You want to invest in this. I think having a high-quality studio, having crisp sounding audio, having highquality edits and motion graphics, it all helps. It's not that you can't win without it, but it just adds tailwinds and increases your surface area for luck. And when you're starting out and you're small, you'll take all the luck you can get. I put a free link below to a doc that lists four different gear setups. The fourth one is all the stuff that I have here. So, if you want to just copy my setup or use it for inspiration, the link's below. All right, the last lesson that I want to talk through is setting expectations when you're trying to grow on YouTube. Life is really just one big game of expectations. If you can set your expectations low, it makes it way easier to keep going with YouTube because you're not going to get as upset when the results are not going your way. Most people quit because they think they should be somewhere before they actually should. And this is all just wrapped up in an expectation problem in their heads. So, let me help you set the expectations for what you should expect when you're starting today. First, let me paint the upside. YouTube is a money printer. If you're building any business, it is the best lead genen vehicle, period. Okay, so knowing that, you should be willing to spend an unlimited amount of time and lots of money to build that machine. Now, here are the negative expectations and the pain that you will probably face. You're going to spend at least 12 months trying to get this off the ground with almost no traction, no income, and no success. And when I say 12 months, I don't actually mean 12 months. I mean 50 video reps. So, if you're lazy and you only do two videos a month instead of four, it's going to take you 24 months. At some point, the traction is going to start ticking up, but it's going to take you thousands of hours. You need to expect your videos are going to suck for a very long time. Like I said before, I've made 400 videos, thousands of hours in front of the camera, thousands of hours editing, and even now, I'm just hitting 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. This is what it takes. And to describe it, I use this concept of the artist gap. The distance between where you are today with skills and where you think you need to be will be huge in the beginning. It's going to feel insurmountable. You have to keep going and trying to close that gap down. At the end of 12 months, you should be around 10,000 subscribers. And rounded to the nearest whole number, this is going to be about $0 per month in AdSense from YouTube. But it could be hundreds of thousands of dollars if you have a sophisticated backend and some efficient business model. Now, for a sense of scale, I do about 400,000 views a month, and I only make 3K per month on AdSense from YouTube. This is not an AdSense play. That's not why you're doing it. Now, I know setting expectations in this way can be a little harsh and blunt, but to be honest, it's easier if you can set your expectations low and stay happy throughout the process. The last thing I'll say is this. The reason sticking with it is a guaranteed win on YouTube is because the bar to succeed is just high enough that almost no one is willing to do it. That's why there's value there. All right. All right. Now, before we close, if you're an entrepreneur, I'm just going to quickly summarize the exact steps that I would take to replicate my success. If you want to do it like I did, these are the exact steps to take. Step one is to pick an audience avatar that you can stick with for a long time and is best aligned to your offer. If you don't have an offer yet, you need to be able to make 50 videos for this avatar without stopping. Step number two is to plan for 50 videos, one per week over 12 months, and expect zero traction. You need to focus on one incremental improvement every single video. Step three, begin posting weekly and do not miss a week under any circumstances. Step four, focus on packaging and ideas above everything else. Figure out how to drive that click curiosity in the title and thumbnail by focusing on some audience painoint. Then drive the click confirmation in the intro. Step five, have something valuable and differentiated to say in every single video. If you don't, do more research. Assume that every video is going to cost you $1,000 to make. Would you spend $1,000 on this rep? If not, you need to go back and find a more differentiated angle. Step six, if you have cash flow, hire a professional team across all four workflow areas as soon as possible. Step seven, plan for zero outliers across that entire first 12 months. If the universe does gift you one, try to reverse engineer exactly what you did so you can replicate it. Step eight, trick yourself into loving this process. If you do not love it and you hate it all the way, it's going to suck. All you have to do is get to 50 videos with your best effort and incremental improvement and everything will open up and change. This is the best ROI on anything you can do. So, focus on that. And step nine, if you want further help on the strategy, I will open up a few slots for consulting calls below. I rarely do this. It's first come, first serve. There's going to be a link below. All right, guys. That's all I've got for this video. I just want to say if you've ever watched, liked, commented, and especially are one of the 100,000 subscribers. Thank you guys so much. It makes it all worth it when I see people commenting that they've used the formulas and different things I've shared and they're actually crushing on their own videos. If you guys keep watching and keep liking, I'll keep making them. And to my team, I could not have done this without your help. Thank you guys so much for everything you do. And with that, the next stop is 1 million subscribers. We'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [8 likes]: Work with me (to grow on YouTube): https://kallaway.co/youtubeacademy
  2. @rahengmeng1215: Small YouTube channel here 🎉
  3. @jerrylujanjr7875: You rock!!
  4. @annahreid1214: Thankyou
  5. @Studio81000: Cant wait to get 1000
  6. @SierraBuilds: Hey future subs!🩷
  7. @RealLifeAmen: Been loving your videos thank you, wondering bout microphones, went to the link and it won't let me click enter after entering my email. i did sign up for other free forms from your site, but the gear one isn't working.
  8. @MidoYouTube1610: Thanks you so much
  9. @drewinreallife2010: This is video is such a fountain of knowledge. Thank you!
  10. @SIR_BOJ: I was stuck at this video till the end. I run an educational channel and I need help
  11. @Barbiegirl-515: I’m really annoyed rn. I cannot get the hook template to even show itself to me. I’ve entered my email about 8 times and still nothing 🤷‍♀️. Anyone know why?? Is it too old?
  12. @CaseZero-Science: Although my content is good my views are less ?should I concentrate on more content or story telling aspect ?
  13. @atomicbombNikiLiu: watched few of your videos, very helpful and I can tell those are from your personal experience. Thanks
  14. @DdubCuriosityHub: So should I delete all my videos that are all over the place and start over?
  15. @LegisVlogs: Stay positive and do what you love doing. You will find your audience. I just started my channel and I have found a new passion. Rooting for you all. Leesss Goooo!!
  16. @Sams.Fishing: I just wanna hit a few thousand subs one day😅
  17. @LeeDowningKeat: How do you match that same audience with same content without repeating the same video idea over and over again
  18. @Ruby-Morris: Does it matter that I’ve made mistakes on my channel, as in do I have to make a whole new channel or can you “correct” the channel by continuing on in the right way? Cos you mention you left your old channel and started new- is that necessary?
  19. @CreatorsCheatcode: 🎉🎉🎉
  20. @Latitude-Libre: I just started 1 week ago, still no subscriber lol

- HOW I GREW 100K SUBSCRIBERS IN 3 MONTHS | real growth strategies with examples: Kind: captions Language: en this used to be me the best ways that I that I made that I I was struggling on YouTube for the longest time searching up all of these tutorials and constantly leaving them so dissatisfied because they gave the most generic advice so I spent two years posting on YouTube trying out different things and strategies and trying to research the YouTube algorithm and and guess what I figured it out I started this year January 2023 with 2,000 subscribers and i' had been stuck with 2,000 subscribers for the last 2 and 1 half years by March 2023 this year I was on 100K and I was holding my beautiful plaque 2,000 to 100,000 in 3 months fast forward to now October 2023 and I have almost 700,000 subscribers and that's because I worked smarter and not harder and I'm about to spill all of the secret secrets in this video as always here are the video chapters don't forget to check out my podcast in the description and I have a second YouTube channel but I show you how I live my life so go check it out so we can be besties let's get into it I want to share with you guys how I persevered through all that failure Why YouTube means so much to me and some harsh truths you need to know when it comes to being on YouTube it all started when I was 12 years old and I got my first computer I started playing around with some editing software and I absolutely fell in love with it it was my only Hobby and I would rush back from school every single day to edit random videos but at the same time my main form of entertainment at that age was YouTube videos I was so obsessed with the YouTuber era to the point where every single morning when I was getting ready for school I'd be looking in the mirror talking like a YouTuber acting like a YouTuber and hoping one day I would get to be a YouTuber fast forward 2 years later I was 14 years old and I finally plucked up the courage to start my first YouTube channel my first YouTube channel at 14 years old was all about beauty fashion and lifestyle I basically wanted to be like all of the YouTubers I was so so obsessed with at the time it was that era where back to school videos were all the rage so I literally went to my secondary school on a Saturday to film a video all on my own everyone at my school the following Monday laughed at me for it why would you go to school on your own to film a video that's so weird why does she think she's a YouTuber but did that stop me absolutely not and that is the first harsh truth when it comes to YouTube people are going to have opinions about you but it doesn't matter you are here to Market yourself to the masses you can go viral and hit a million views then the few people that you used to go to school with their opinions won't be so loud as long as you believe in yourself and what you're doing you're going to win no matter what because guess what my family didn't approve of me doing YouTube my friends would laugh at me for doing it and everyone in my school made fun of me for doing it but oh look at this anyways that first YouTube channel lasted for about a year cuz I wasn't very consistent and I had my school exam so I just quit but that burning desire to edit and create content never went away six whole years later I was in university and I decided to set up my second ever YouTube channel this one that you're watching right now that was in the year 2020 I had completely reinvented myself my confidence had grown and I decided it was time to actually make time for what I loved doing because University was not the one for me I spent those last two years of University experimenting with my craft vlogging my University experience doing a few tutorials here and there and I had no idea that by the time I graduated I would take the plunge and try to do YouTube full time and I would grow to 100,000 subscribers in 3 months and 700 in 10 months what started as a passion for using editing software when I was 12 years old had now grown into me being able to help hundreds of thousands of women all across the globe to create their dream lives I found a way to transform all of the adversities I had experienced so far in life like my dating dilemas and studying and trying to create my dream life and manifest all my goals and turn them into video lessons so that no one would ever have to make make the same mistakes that I once did and that's another harsh truth when I was 14 years old I made the mistake of trying to go after what everybody else was doing let me make a back to school video let me do a makeup tutorial that was never close to my heart nor was it my passion I was trying to fit in with the crowd and what was popular but once I started paying attention to my real strengths and talents that were always within me the entire time was when I finally flourished on this platform I've been on social media for many years now trying to create the best content so that I could grow my following but none of that has compared to the journey that I have had on YouTube with YouTube Not only have I been able to grow my following but I've been able to cultivate a very tight-knit positive like-minded community that are loyal to me and all of that takes us to the present moment I have grown my YouTube page by focusing mostly on long form content and also setting up my second YouTube channel where I can have a more personal connection with my viewers and really cultivate that close-nit Community feeling that way I get to play around with my creative freedom because I have two channels where I can play around with two completely different niches one giving advice and one experimenting with fashion Vlogs and lifestyle all while reaching new audiences and being rewarded financially because of how YouTube takes such good care of their creators I might have gotten a few hundred, views on a Tik Tok or an Instagram post but on YouTube that's where it really counts all of those followers have been translated to this Community who are loyal who come back for every single video who comment what they want to see who help each other out and give each other advice in the comments who send me messages regularly sharing where they're at in their self-development journey and that is truly what means the most rather than a few 100,000 likes on a selfie that I posted and that has also played a huge role in My Success when you learn the process of converting a follower into a fan so that you can create a community that's when you start growing exponentially and now I'm going to share those secrets with you chapter 2 personal branding and planning this is for when you are just starting out and everything you need to know so you need to get your personal brand right what is this this is who you are what you focus on like your Niche your unique personality and energy your values and your unique qualities that you bring to the table as a creator for example let's say what you focus on is beauty maybe your value is you only use cruelty-free vegan makeup or you always show real skin and texture maybe when you're doing your makeup tutorials you're doing ASMR or you're speaking with a very calm energy and editing style which is your unique qualities and then when it comes to who you are why did you start doing makeup what's your story that got you here is it that you like to transform yourself to experiment with your creativity is it to enhance your favorite features is it to help people become their most confident selves step two from here you're going to research your Niche and you need to understand this all okay you're not going to slack on this step some people are just like oh I want to do self-development videos because this person's doing it and it looks good oh I'm going to do Beauty because I like makeup girl girl you need need to fully understand this Niche and Industry and all of the trends that come with it for example what's the Evergreen content in your Niche Evergreen content is content that is always searchable no matter how much time passes those videos are always going to get views for example if your Niche is cooking and baking an evergreen piece of content is how to make the fudgiest brownies people are always going to want to know that how to get the perfect sponge cake that's Evergreen content whereas trendier content for that exact same Niche would be baked cinnamon en rolls with me for four or I went out and tried to make the exact same Quant from Emily in Paris when that show first came out because people are searching for it at that specific point in time and so you'll get that massive hik in views both Evergreen content and trendy content work really well and you need to incorporate them both into your strategy this links on to step number three don't underestimate Trends let's continue with our example of the beauty industry and let's talk specifically about this whole blueberry milk Nails Trend I know such a weird Trend it went viral on Tik Tok thanks to Haley Bieber and whether you would actually do this trend or agree with it or not you can incorporate it into your content if you are a beauty influencer because that is what is relevant at that time even the people that are hating on the trend are still searching for it when they see a video titled like that they are more intrigued to click on it and so you need to capitalize on that it's interesting it's searchable and that gives you fast views so for example we'll take the Tik Tok trend of blueb mon nails and bring it onto YouTube and then you can create a YouTube video like DIY at home blueberry milk nails or another example is a YouTuber called Jordan Teresa who's actually signed to my agency lovely girl and makes amazing YouTube videos she is not in the beauty industry at all in fact all of her YouTube videos are video essays on different topics that people are talking about at the time she took that simple Trend and made it into an entire video dissecting overc consumption within the beauty industry and she got mad views for it because she took something that was relevant and tied it into what she normally talks about if she took that exact same YouTube video and titled it overc consumption in the beauty industry not as many people are going to click on it it sounds boring it sounds too academic but when she titles it with a trend that everyone's searching for instantly you're like oh this is problematic let me find out why oh I've seen this on Tik Tok this is relevant I know about this let me know more and this links into step number four my favorite part about all of this is the ability to tie this in with your creative freedom you can really make it on YouTube when you trust your own instincts and interests why because originality propels you into fast growth what I mean by this is there are going to be so many people out there telling you YouTube isn't what it used to be YouTube is too long no one watches it anymore it's too hard to grow on that and it's so oversaturated there are millions of YouTubers for every single Niche I disagree my friend this is where creative freedom and originality comes into play when you take something like Beauty you now need to think what is the unique stance that I am going to bring into this for example let's talk self-development which is what I do there are loads of self-development videos on YouTube so why did I grow as fast as I did because I turned it into something that was unique to me that no one else was offering and I knew this because I myself was a consumer of self-development content on the internet I loved it I've been searching it for years and there were so many videos I watched that I was dissatisfied with and I felt like I wasn't getting what I was looking for so I decided to bring that to the table myself I felt like so many of them were too long and too boring so you know what I did I structured each of my videos so every single one has Chapters at the beginning of every single one of my videos you will have a list of the video chapters so that you can skip to whever is relevant for you I brought in my cartoon characters Lola and Athena to make the video more engaging and more exciting then there's the matter of my unique editing style and my energy and my personality that I bring to every single video you cannot compare me to another self-development Creator because I bring something unique to the table even though it's the exact same content and this is the key to YouTube no one is telling you that you have to do anything a certain way on this platform and that is going to be your greatest strength if I was doing myself the disservice of copying someone else's every single move I'd always be a step behind your main priority should be to get 1% better with every single video how can I improve my editing style here what new ideas can I bring to this subject and topic and the growth will happen naturally from there this leads us on to the next step which is multiformat for growth this basically means that YouTube has made it easier than ever to grow and I know what you're thinking girl no trust me yes all of a sudden we have YouTube shorts we did not have this 10 years ago with YouTube shorts you can make content that you already have floating around on other social media platforms now you don't even have to make a 20-minute video it could be a 15-second video and it could still get 1 million views it will still get monetized and it will still grow your personal brand I have seen so many creators get pushed in the algorithm and all they do is produce shorts content now imagine you were doing that and you were doing long form the perfect strategy when you incorporate YouTube shorts into your strategy that's how you start capturing attention and bringing in new viewers your long form content is how you hold that attention and convert those followers into fans and when you have a really good well-built personal brand that stays consistent with every single video all it takes is one person discovering a short coming onto your main Channel and seeing your personal brand just from your titles your thumbnails the intros to your videos and instantly understanding what you're about they even need to watch the full 20-minute video to start liking you subscribing and becoming a fan and that leads us on to chapter 3 real growth tips that no one talks about but propelled me from 2K to 100K subscribers in 3 months this is a compilation of all of the advice that I should have received when I was watching all of the fast YouTube growth tutorials on YouTube but got nothing and had to learn these the hard way but not you my friend let's get into it first and foremost you can film on your dumb iPhone I am so sick of you lot saying I have to wait till I have a microphone editing software this that no no no no no you start filming you launch unprepared you launch ugly you launch now the faster you fail the faster you get practice the faster you win stop delaying your success by waiting to buy the best equipment because none of it actually matters when your content is gold on its own step number two fill the Gap just like starting a regular business you have to research the market and then find a gap in the market and fill it so that you can grow your business and be successful the same goes for YouTube so like I said research your Niche what is missing that is exactly what I did with self-development and I filled that Gap and this brings us onto step number three the audience is number one the biggest mistake people make when it comes to YouTube business whatever is what can I get how can I get more views how can I get paid more me me me me me me no no you have to play the long game when you're going into this when you're researching your Niche when you're planning when you're putting together your personal brand the idea at the Forefront of your mind should be what is this going to give to my viewer when you are constantly thinking about yourself your ego making money and just doing YouTube so that you can get Fame and easy money the audience will see right through you when you start thinking about providing value to everybody else rather than what you can get the quality of your content just goes up just like that that is exactly what happened to me I had my first YouTube channel almost 10 years ago and I'd been doing this for 2 years with no success because I wasn't thinking smarter at the beginning of this year I thought how can I be the best in my Niche how can I leave every single viewer So Satisfied filled with so much new knowledge when they leave my videos and because I thought that not only do I get to help so many people around the world but because they're satisfied they obviously are going to subscribe they're going to keep watching my videos they're going to support me they come hand inand the magic formula to Conquering the YouTube algorithm is a high number of clicks a high amount of watch time right both of those equal YouTube promoting you on the explore page of YouTube basically which is like the for you page they will push you out to loads of people who have never watched your videos before I was on the explore page of YouTube Every Single Day in fact I still am for so many people and that's why I get so many subscribers every day so how do you get those things this leads on to step number four your new strategy listen people have short as attentions spns okay we know it with the rise of Tik Tok and everything else people don't want to watch 30 40 50- minute videos and unless they are absolute gold the hardest pill to swallow is that nobody cares about you nobody wants to hear your life story until you've made it so if you are starting out and you are beginning every single YouTube video with yeah so I did this today and this and this and this is what's been going on in my life and oh my god when I was younging that this is what I went through and that's why I'm making this video today no no instantly I'm off I'm off I I came to this video because the title of it was best makeup products to buy why telling me your whole life story this is where Hooks and structure come into play when you have a really good structure like you're posting the time stamps of your video in the description or in the comments so that people can get to where they want to get to instantly your watch time is going to be higher because less people are going to be clicking off your video from booring it's your responsibility to put as much knowledge into that video and offer it to the viewer as soon as they click and that's what a hook is think about it the best strategy to fast growing Tik Tok is when you're scrolling and somebody says stop scrolling and then they start talking about something straight away or you go onto a Tik Tok and they start by saying I'm going to give you five reasons why you should stop doing this or I'm going to give you the best solution to solve this problem and they tell you within 20 seconds so I saw that performing really well on Tik Tok and I brought it onto YouTube and it's done wonders for me but the other part of the formula is higher clicks you want to make your video so attractive when it's on the screen and people are searching for them that they click yours instead of all of the hundreds that are around your video and you do this with SEO and thumbnails SEO stands for search engine optimization and I severely underestimated this but basically once you master it it will help improve where your videos rank when people are searching for that topic when you pair SEO with the best thumbnail your views are going to Skyrocket and I once heard a YouTuber say that when she spent a few hours just perfecting her thumbnail her AdSense Revenue doubled like a good title and thumbnail can be the difference between 10K views and 100K views so let's start with SEO whatever your video title is going to be you're going to search that topic into Google let's say it's how to get the perfect makeup base when you go on Google there will be loads of suggested searches suggested Searchers is what majority of people are also searching when it comes to that category and then you want to tie that into your SEO strategy for example you might title your video um best Bas products for your makeup routine and then in Brackets in the same title you want to put in the keywords that everybody else is searching affordable products drugstore products Flawless base easy in 10 minutes if that's what people are looking for with that specific subject you then want to insert those same terms with hashtags and You' put those in the descriptions or write the bottom of the description you can write out all of these keywords which will basically help the YouTube algorithm to understand what your video is more specifically about and then help you to Target people who are searching for what you've made a video about but they haven't searched the exact title that you've titled your video but because you put all these extra words in your YouTube tags and your YouTube description your video still gets pushed out to them the right wording is everything and it can be the thing that makes you stand out from all of the competition okay let's test this Theory I'm going to search makeup tips and we're going to see which video has the most views even though all of them are going to be on the same subject here we have one that's on 800,000 views this is called 14 makeup techniques that will literally transform your face and look at the thumbnail you guys that's 800,000 views as opposed to this Creator who captioned her video my current favorite makeup which is at 200,000 views and her thumbnail is just a selfie I'm sure she has a great video she's also got great views but this creator has made the exact same video but she's got a really engaging thumbnail and she's got loads of keywords in her title here we have another one with 2.2 million use how to look better without makeup seriously works I search makeup tips right and now I'm being fed a video that has nothing to do with applying makeup on my face but how I can achieve the same look without having to apply makeup on my face I didn't search those words at all but YouTube is showing me this video because so many people clicked on it look at how good that thumbnail is oh my God she looks amazing and she's not even wearing makeup I guarantee you in her YouTube tags she's written out makeup tutorial makeup tips because she knows people are going to be searching for that and that's why she has 2.2 million views think smarter people as we said before attention is everything and in order to get attention you need to gain value the way that I add value into my videos is putting out the video Chapter structure putting out the time stamps having a hook jumping right into it but the way that you can or a lot of other YouTubers do is for example if we keep on with the beauty Niche instead of making one YouTube video called my favorite beauty products you're going to split that into five YouTube videos now not only only will five YouTube videos help you reach bigger audiences because now they have five pieces of content to watch and because it's split into five videos now you have higher add Revenue because there's more things to click on but you are adding more value because when you make a video about my favorite beauty products some people are only looking for one specific thing one person she just wants to find a good eyeliner so you're going to turn the exact same content that you would have put into one video called my favorite beauty products and you're going to turn it into the best products for a snatched Instagram ready base the the best lip combos for brown skin drugstore eyeliners that won't budge all day eyebrow products that are worth the money versus not worth the money you get the gist you could talk about all of those things in one video but because it's so long a lot of people get bored and they click off each of those titles are so engaging and interesting that one person probably will click on all of them and watch them and the last tip I'm going to give is that your editing should be on point let's take YouTuber Kelly stamps as an example Kelly stamps grew so fast like she was getting millions and millions of views when she had just started not because she was changing lives or she was talking about anything revolutionary a lot of the time she was doing comedy videos or just talking about her day-to-day life like anybody would be but her editing style and comedic timing was so good and so unique that is exactly what kept people watching and wanting to subscribe to her now the important thing here is don't let this stray you don't be like oh I don't know how to edit just learn a few little zooms a few little sound effects a lot of YouTubers like Nella Rose will cut away from their video to insert a meme from the internet super simple and easy to do but it adds that comedic element and good editing style to their video which also adds to their personal brand good editing is so important to the video because it makes the video seem shorter than it is because there's all these extra things that you're adding into every few minutes of the video it's keeping the viewer engaged and hooked which increases their watch time because they don't feel like they've been watching for so long and when you have good watch time YouTube pushes you out to loads of other viewers hence growing your YouTube channel way faster and that brings us to the last chapter of the video the homework chapter if you're new here every single video ends with a homework chapter so I can give you guys actionable steps so actually putting all the advice you've just learned into practice so your first homework task if you want to grow your YouTube channel is to write out your personal brand who are you what's your Niche what are the unique elements that you bring to your channel and your viewers when you're doing your personal brand I also want you to write underneath what is the value that you're going to bring to people that not everybody is getting because other people aren't doing the same thing hit task number two is to research your Niche I need you to understand it fully what are all the trends that are going around what's controversial what do people need what's the Gap in the market that people are missing how are you going to solve people's pain points with your content that will keep them watching and help them gain trust in you as a Creator homework test number three practice filming and being authentic before I launched this YouTube channel I recorded my first ever YouTube channel which was a get to know me Q&A three times the first three whole videos never made it onto YouTube because I was just familiarizing myself with talking on camera so by the time I actually posted it I was so used to it it felt natural I felt like a pro at it but don't expect your videos to be perfect right away you need to familiarize yourself with the routine and lifestyle of being a YouTuber and being on camera every single day nothing can be embarrassing to you anymore nobody's opinions should matter to you anymore h test number four Master SEO there are online courses that you can take for this you can go on skill share there'll be other YouTube videos out there just talking about SEO so that you can learn about it in depth what words are people searching for when it comes to the content you are creating and how are you going to incorporate those words into your titles your descriptions and your YouTube tags homework task number five familiarize yourself with canar learn your editing style practice what your thumbnails are going to look like what the thumbnails everybody else is doing how are yours going to stand out from theirs what editing elements are you going to add in is it sound effects memes zooms transitions special effects music and your last task is to be confident and launch unprepared the biggest disservice you can do for yourself is constantly waiting for the time to be perfect because in the time that you were waiting somebody else launched without any knowledge and surpassed you and you hadn't even done anything yet and that brings us to the end of this video I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you give it a thumbs up and subscribe because I make new videos here every single week I hope you guys learned something if you did comment down below and let me know I always read your comments and take all of your feedback into account so that I could become 1% better in every video I put out thank you so much for watching I appreciate you remember to check out all of my other Social Links in the description and I will see you in the next one [Music] bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉😊😊Im not giving up on my channel ❤️🐯❤️🐯❤️🐯
  2. @malharidesilva6 [1 likes]: thank youuu so much💓 I just started my youtube journey. I'm definitely gonna use these strategies to grow🙌🏻🙌🏻
  3. @manvan_store [1 likes]: Nice stuff! 😊
  4. @LoveAdelina219 [1 likes]: This was so helpful I have to rewatch it and I’m taking notes
  5. @coryrcruikshanks7628 [1 likes]: YOUTUBE CHANNEL
  6. @coryrcruikshanks7628 [1 likes]: I got too much makeup
  7. @anshikaka30 [1 likes]: Small youtubers let’s gather here 🎉
  8. @Lily_diaries-d7r [1 likes]: Dang I became more confident, follow me btw! ✨🍓
  9. @ixochannel: 25 minutes of great video but if u said “i am a woman” and video end immediately after 3 seconds, nobody can say nothing😂
  10. @HerSkyBlueDiary: I really need a side income for my studies and fees. I am going to try these and hope in an year I will be earning a bit from YouTube 🥹
  11. @Beachygirl_diariesyt: I wish I watched this sooner before I started a yt channel
  12. @nusratinaustralia: Main takeaway: Youtube shorts + long form , focus more on shorts, rerain subs with long form
Film on iphone make it a habit to post
Equipment dont matter content does
Research your niche and fill the gap
Playing the long game
Provide value to audience
Think how can i be the best in my niche? How to retain my subsriber
Magic formula = Hick click + high watch time (Youtube will push it)
.
.
Its not about you! 
Its about audience
Add time stamp to videos
Add knowledge and time stamp is hook
High clickabke video
Seo + Thumbnail
Make a good thumbnail 
Seo= seach same video on youtube(tie similar video to your own video, add key words , insert hashtag and add description, this will helo algortihm understand to target to your audience
Use righr wording
E.g: makeup tios , 40 makeup technique , do research on same video you want to post 
Add value, chapter structure, time stamp, add hook 
Make 5 parts of one same video
And editing need to be on point
Editing style and timing
Learn zoom, sound effect, insert meme add comedic element which adds to personal brand, 
KEEP viewers engaged 
This is how you grow!!!! 
Thank you
  13. @nusratinaustralia: 208 subs
  14. @ellasilen: Still at zero we will be there guys
  15. @KayleneLambayong: I started my vlog channel 3 days ago, so hopefully my channel will grow throughout the future :)
  16. @SmallChannelsNailed: Thank you for this video, Liked and Subscribed! 🙂 I'm a struggling small channel owner into DIY nails / beauty. It's hard work but I'm trying to keep inspired but it's like 2 steps forward and 2 steps back! 😟. It's hard to get subscribers! Anyway thank you again! 💥💫💦
  17. @itsAspaDarling: omg this is so heplfull.i;m just strarting my career in YT and you gave golddd. thank youuu Tam
  18. @Marllafelisarda: I started again my youtube channel! I have faith!
  19. @LoveAdelina219: Thank you so much!! ❤
  20. @DecodeYourMind-with-Irina: Thank you for the fantastic video! As someone new to YouTube, I found it incredibly helpful. My niche is mental health, which I'm currently studying, along with motivation. I now have a clearer understanding of how to structure both long content videos and shorts. 🎉😊

- How I Actually Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I made only 3 videos on this channel&nbsp; and all of them got over 100,000 views believe it or not it all&nbsp; comes down to these 4 steps&nbsp; I already explained how I use&nbsp; storytelling to get more retention&nbsp; now it's time for step 2... you ready?&nbsp; if no one clicks on the video they don't watch&nbsp; point of the thumbnail is to create a journey&nbsp;&nbsp; from the thumbnail to even the high quality images are crucial&nbsp; add some intrique and make people want to know what happens next&nbsp; doesn't make any sense does it? we need to make better thumbnails...&nbsp; I don't mean these guys are wrong but let's&nbsp; be real you already know all these basics&nbsp; even if you don't they're just common sense&nbsp; do you really need to be told to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail simple 5 different times in 5&nbsp; different videos from 5 different gurus?&nbsp; I guess not so here's the full&nbsp;&nbsp; guide on how to actually make a thumbnail&nbsp; that gets clicks we will go from the design&nbsp;&nbsp; rules I use to thumbnail types getting inspiration&nbsp; branding word choice visual effects testing and...&nbsp; the first rule is pretty simple but it takes your&nbsp; design from a mess to a piece of art just take&nbsp;&nbsp; any popular youtuber's thumbnail and and draw 4&nbsp; lines like that do you see what's going on there?&nbsp; almost all of them even my thumbnails&nbsp; follow these lines at the core&nbsp; well you might know the rule of thirds&nbsp; from photography which basically says&nbsp; put the objects over these&nbsp; lines to get a nice shot&nbsp; that's why almost every channel&nbsp; has a thumbnail like this&nbsp; because it works so just add those lines to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you throughout the entire design trust me it's a game changer&nbsp; we'll come back to the layout but before&nbsp; that you need to choose a color...&nbsp; you probably heard people talking about the color&nbsp; wheel the idea is to get enough contrast in your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail you should choose two opposite colors&nbsp; from this circle and if you dive deeper you would&nbsp;&nbsp; see there are more techniques that's used to&nbsp; get fancy combinations but here's the plot...&nbsp; I don't use them there's a much easier way&nbsp; to find a color for your thumbnail and for&nbsp;&nbsp; your entire channel so here's what I do take any&nbsp; color you like as your main color I chose yellow&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine then add three more one black one&nbsp; white and one in the middle you can slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak these to match your main color but I like&nbsp; to keep it simple and finally add another color&nbsp;&nbsp; to highlight things there we go go a color palette&nbsp; that's actually useful even though my sister says&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like a Minecraft house made from diamond&nbsp; and gold I like it you can use it in your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; too but that's for another video now you might ask&nbsp; wouldn't that be too repetitive if I use the same&nbsp;&nbsp; colors in all my thumbnails? that's right!&nbsp; the solution is simple just change the highlight&nbsp; color that way you can keep the fresh vibes&nbsp;&nbsp; while still being recognizable by your viewers it's simple just pick a basic font that isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; overused and you're good to go for those those who&nbsp; are asking the fwn I use is called "eastman" and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty good all right we talked about the&nbsp; rule of thirds and how to make a good layout it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice but you can't just invent something new&nbsp; in this square for every single video right?&nbsp; well you don't have to if you paid attention while&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing on the homepage you may already&nbsp; have catched some thumbnail types that most&nbsp;&nbsp; youtubers are using shout out to this legend&nbsp; for breaking them down into 21 categories but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the best 10 that will work for 99% of&nbsp; the time youtubers like Airrack and Mrbeast use&nbsp;&nbsp; that style all the time but even if you're&nbsp; not an entertainment channel you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; use this type of thumbnail take a look at this hey what's he doing?! dude put that chicken down!&nbsp;&nbsp; oh this is how airplane engines are tested... they test it with chickens?!&nbsp; see that's the target emotion of these&nbsp; thumbnails just shock the viewer while&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolling on the homepage and make them clip&nbsp; it's easier to say but think about what you&nbsp;&nbsp; have in your video that would shock the viewers&nbsp; of course big things always get more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take this out of context people are&nbsp; curious to know what a $50 million house&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like or how this dude earns $900 just by&nbsp; listening to music until they realize he doesn't among all those over edited and screaming&nbsp; thumbnails another way to stand out is&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping it really simple just an interesting&nbsp; chat from discord a chair a red button or this&nbsp;&nbsp; thing whatever this is may get more attention it's&nbsp; usually just a screenshot shot from the video and&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple question that makes you curious to know&nbsp; what's going on channels like Dr Insanity or Zack&nbsp;&nbsp; are doing it so good that it makes it impossible&nbsp; to skip if you're a small channel and a popular&nbsp;&nbsp; niche social hacking is probably the best way to&nbsp; gain the first traction basically take the face of&nbsp;&nbsp; a famous person in your Niche and slap it into&nbsp; your thumbnail oh the video must be about that&nbsp;&nbsp; person though otherwise it's called clickbait all&nbsp; the videos you see with Mrbeast's face are using&nbsp;&nbsp; this strategy and it works pretty well even dream&nbsp; used in his first videos so don't underestimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of a popular face all right let's&nbsp; speed things up this is the style you see all&nbsp;&nbsp; over youtube just the creator next to something&nbsp; bigger yeah the one I use in this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; basically an interesting text at the top to give&nbsp; more context about the video it can be anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; compare to before and after something cheap versus&nbsp; expensive iPhone versus Android fin versus AI you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the point blurring the main character or the&nbsp; final result so people have to click to find out I don't know if you realize but all of those viral&nbsp; thumbnails that I showed in this video and even&nbsp;&nbsp; all the ones that you saw on your homepage have&nbsp; one thing in common they're not just using one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these formulas they're combining them look&nbsp; at Mrwhosetheboss' series where he buys every&nbsp;&nbsp; release of a tech like iPhone or Playstation I&nbsp; showed you this in big numbers but if you look&nbsp;&nbsp; closer you would see that he also uses header&nbsp; comparison and even social hacking formulas all&nbsp;&nbsp; at once or take a look at this chair which&nbsp; types could you spot it's branded because&nbsp;&nbsp; of their logo right here it's simple because&nbsp; well there's nothing else than a chair and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; using social hacking because everyone saw this&nbsp; chair at least once we can even include it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a weird object if you think chairs are weird?... even I used big numbers and header styles in my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video on this channel I wouldn't say it's&nbsp; very creative but it worked for sure I can go&nbsp;&nbsp; on with all the thumbnails that I showed but the&nbsp; idea is choose two or three styles combine them&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to stick to it for around five videos&nbsp; it will make your audience understand it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your style but don't stick to it for too long&nbsp; because using the same formula 100 times would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably make the viewers feel like you just keep&nbsp; repeating yourself and it will lower the chances&nbsp;&nbsp; of click unless you're a reaction channel... well it's one of the most popular advice that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can hear from youtube gurus just look what&nbsp; other youtubers in your niche are doing and try&nbsp;&nbsp; to replicate but I completely disagree with that&nbsp; and I have evidence to support my opinion take my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video as an example trying youtube shorts&nbsp; is definitely not a unique video idea what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail that style seems to work for many&nbsp; people well in that case you're a smart guy just&nbsp;&nbsp; copy what works right the problem is you're not&nbsp; the only one that is the worst thing to do if&nbsp;&nbsp; you see many similar thumbnails from different&nbsp; channels about the same topic hopping on that&nbsp;&nbsp; train is probably not a good idea if so many&nbsp; channels are already doing that it's the cliche&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail now and your audiences are basically&nbsp; the same so there's no reason for people to click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your zero view video instead of their 100k even worse people will probably notice they're&nbsp;&nbsp; too similar and you might become just a copycat&nbsp; of your competitor so what should you do then you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't reinvent the wheel for each new video right? well...&nbsp; just kidding of course it's not really possible&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that if you're posting consistently sooner&nbsp; or later you'll run out of thumbnail ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; when that happens you should just look at channels&nbsp; outside your niche for that video I went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the channels I follow in completely different&nbsp; niches and came up with this thumbnail same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; applies to almost all of them so get inspiration&nbsp; from the channels with different niches that will&nbsp;&nbsp; make your video stand out from the crowd because&nbsp; your audience with those channels are different&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the same with all these other channels&nbsp; so when it appears alongside those yours will&nbsp;&nbsp; be much more likely to get more attention experimenting with new things is always&nbsp;&nbsp; good but just try to keep the core elements like&nbsp; colors fonts and style consistent that makes your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience notice your video on the home screen&nbsp; way faster and with enough time boosts the CTR&nbsp; this is where you got to be creative you can&nbsp; use a big number if that suits your video a&nbsp;&nbsp; bold statement opposite of a common belief&nbsp; or just a title that represents your video&nbsp; if nothing fits well leaving it blank is always&nbsp; an option congratulations you just learned how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a viral thumbnail right I don't think&nbsp; so look you learned the theory which is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important but it doesn't mean anything if you&nbsp; don't know how to use them most people will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably close the video at this point take all&nbsp; that information and go make a thumbnail like this&nbsp; but if you stick around you'll learn how I turn&nbsp; this into this hey Finn what do you call it?&nbsp; Photoshop baby!! PhOtOsHOp BaByYy how you say it like that...&nbsp; with just a few simple effects and some ancient&nbsp; Photoshop sorcery that I learned from this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah hey everyone I'm still here here got stuck in&nbsp; this timeline dude you need to work on your jokes&nbsp; PHOTOSHOP... after choosing your&nbsp;&nbsp; concept and sketching a detailed draft on paper&nbsp; open Photoshop create a new project get your lines&nbsp;&nbsp; add your character text a nice background and&nbsp; other elements it already looks better than that&nbsp; make the text fancier by double clicking here&nbsp; then change the color add inner glow outer glow&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever this is just tweak the settings&nbsp; to make the unique effect you want here are&nbsp;&nbsp; the adjustments that I usually do if you want to&nbsp; get a similar style after you're happy with the&nbsp;&nbsp; look save it as a new style to use it next&nbsp; time you can do that for other elements too&nbsp; it's the effect that I used in this thumbnail&nbsp; to bend this chart you can bend anything by&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicking the corner of an image and choosing&nbsp; this button now you can warp it however you want&nbsp; looks good but they seem too distracting&nbsp; in the background let's add some blur&nbsp;&nbsp; select the image filter blur gaussian blur that might work work but we can do even better&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try again select image filter pixelate&nbsp; mosaic oh we made it worse again again that's&nbsp;&nbsp; it even though these blurs might not suit this&nbsp; thumbnail they work very well in some cases so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know how to use them all right let's&nbsp; move on we fixed these images but the background&nbsp;&nbsp; is too shiny it's almost hard to read the text&nbsp; so we need to make it darker take the brush wo&nbsp;&nbsp; wow calm down you don't have to be a Bob Ross to&nbsp; use this okay just try to keep up make your brush&nbsp;&nbsp; big and soft reduce the flow to something like&nbsp; 5% and increase smoothing now open a new layer&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of your background and start painting&nbsp; behind text character and things like that okay&nbsp;&nbsp; we're getting somewhere that background image&nbsp; looks nice but I don't really like the color I&nbsp;&nbsp; said but I don't really like the color how' to&nbsp; change it glad you asked select the background&nbsp;&nbsp; click image adjustments hue and saturation here&nbsp; you can choose a specific color to change or&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak the entire image noise we're almost done&nbsp; but I'm looking so unnatural over there I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; the text above my head is shiny there should&nbsp; be some light reflections in reality right? pick the selection tool select the thing&nbsp; create a new layer take the brush make&nbsp;&nbsp; it smaller pick a nice color and brush&nbsp; over where the light is coming from oh&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to change the layer blending&nbsp; style to overlay if it doesn't work for&nbsp;&nbsp; your image try other styles and colors too&nbsp; after everything's done I like to send it&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone and play around with the colors&nbsp; in Lightroom so it goes from this to this&nbsp; before publishing the video you need to test&nbsp; how it looks on youtube homepage to do that go&nbsp;&nbsp; to thumbs up.tv add your title and thumbnail and&nbsp; see if it looks good if it does you're good if not&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the drawing board again but hopefully&nbsp; it does here it is I know it's probably not the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way to make a thumbnail but that's just how&nbsp; I do it at the moment it will definitely change&nbsp;&nbsp; with time but for now this is all I do and it&nbsp; works for me so may work for you as well... [Music] PhOtOsHOp BaByYy

  Top Comments:
  1. @turkcipitiofficial [1 likes]: 3:10 neeeeediyo ooolum.
  2. @vikash0pradhan: Bakwas 0% 
 value 100%
  3. @alihesham8167: 3:31 🙂
  4. @GavinGamer2: 1:13 crazy work here
  5. @ClickFarmaStudio: Excelent body!
  6. @happydavvy: I just use AI to make my thumbnails with prompts am not good with colors and making thumbnails
  7. @SecularGrowth: Just insane how good this man is :)
  8. @AbhinavSingh-x5d3v: Bro which app you are using please tell me bro
  9. @hasoking6860: Thanks a lot dude, as a beginner I was so confused at everything but with your help I can now execute the essentials(which is pretty enough for my need). Thanks a lot, really.
  10. @joelmwalugha: Thank you so much
  11. @Sulaiman__mostafa: Absolute cinema
  12. @Seafritzz: NOW I GOT THE NOTE PAD WITH ME
  13. @LolaLogicYT: It's helpfull but something missing Its feels like you flex Your skilss
  14. @RedEcho-2: This was like the best Tutorial I've ever seen
  15. @ryanellisonyt: so glad I got this on my recommendation 😊
  16. @nifemi_ttb: Ohhh i love issac 😂🤍
  17. @akilachamod9491: i'm glad this is the first video that is recomended for me when i search to learn. 
everything i need to learn was at one palce.. 😍😍
  18. @keinfps6970: you can notice that he is from shorts :) I'm learning so much in 1min
  19. @fitblood: This video gives me sea sickness
  20. @pedrosiqueiraviolão: 10:34 lá ele kk

- The Thumbnail Trick EVERY Small YouTuber Misses: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are one of the hardest things to get right on YouTube. But they're also one of the most important because ultimately if people don't click, they don't watch. And if your thumbnails aren't getting clicked, your views will suffer no matter how good your content is. The reason you probably clicked on this video is because deep down you know your thumbnails aren't working. So I'm going to show you exactly how to fix them. Now firstly, every YouTube guru will say that thumbnails matter, but most of them will never actually tell you why they matter. So let's break it down quickly. Now what's crazy is it's claimed thumbnails are responsible for up to 50% of a video's total success. Not editing, not the camera, not even the script, the thumbnail. That's why if you can improve your thumbnails, even by just like 10%, you will see massive growth across your entire channel. more clicks, more watch time, and more subscribers. So, your job as a creator isn't just to make good videos. It's also to make killer thumbnails. And over the next few minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, let's get into it. Now, the very first thing we need to do is dive into the world of mastering thumbnail psychology. Because when a viewer lands on YouTube's home feed looking for a video to watch, they're not sat there carefully evaluating each video they see. Instead, they're usually scanning the entire page really fast and making split-second decisions based on how a thumbnail makes them feel. And that's a key. People won't click just because your thumbnail looks nice, they will only click if a thumbnail triggers a feeling inside of them. And whilst all new and small creators spend most of their time obsessing over the fine details of each of their thumbnails, the top creators on the other hand focus all of their time not on the design itself, but on the psychology behind the design. Now, if you don't believe me, you should definitely believe this guy, Patty Galloway, the worldrenowned YouTube strategist, and he recently said exactly the same thing. The first thing I would say is a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the thumbnail. So for example here are two of my best performing videos. One about shorts and one about trains. Now they might both seem really basic at first glance but they were both really carefully designed and let me explain. So, for the shorts video, I carefully designed this thumbnail to tap into people's emotions. Like when you're trying to grow on YouTube as a small channel, there is nothing worse than posting a video, refreshing the analytics the next day, and then seeing the video has massively flopped and only got a couple of views. And that's what this thumbnail taps into. It taps into that emotional feeling someone gets when they feel disheartened after one of their videos ends up failing. Then the second one, the Indian train video. This was super simple and easy. It probably took me about 10 minutes to make. But basically, I knew that Indian people love their trains and they love to see how western people react to their development. So, for this thumbnail, I wanted to encapsulate the emotion of being shocked and pleasantly surprised, which is exactly what I knew my audience wanted to see, and it made them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it. But look, these thumbnails are super basic. There's no professional editing here, just pure psychology and emotion. So, now I'm going to teach you how to do this for your own videos. But before I do, here's a really quick message from today's sponsor. Now, a quick message to all my fellow small YouTubers. If you're not using this AI tool, you're missing out on a lot of views. All of the biggest creators on YouTube upload clips daily. And here's the latest trend behind it all. Nexus Clips. It's a viral AI tool that analyzes your videos, picks the best segments, and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video. It effortlessly repurposes horizontal videos into vertical videos that you can instantly upload as shorts. It also has facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically. Now, the top creators tried to keep this AI tool a secret, but now we all have access to it. So, hop on this trend whilst it's still hot. So then how to master psychology design. So first of all, it's super important that you understand there's one key psychological trigger that makes people act every time and that is curiosity. Now I touched on this during my last video talking about titles. But curiosity is at its peak when we encounter what's known as a curiosity gap. This is the gap between what we already know and what we want to know. And these gaps work because our brains are wired to seek closure. We hate unfinished thoughts. So when we're presented with a curiosity gap on a thumbnail, our mind has to close it. And the only way we can close it is by clicking on the video and finding out. So here's an example of this. Take this video here by Ryan Draan. The title is I tried every drive-thru's most expensive item. Now, his thumbnail is really basic, like no over-the-top editing or crazy graphics. Just a photo of him, the McDonald's sign, a burger, and some text. That's all it is. But what makes this thumbnail so clickable is the fact he's holding up what looks to be like a secret burger. And then include some text saying instant regret. Now, this will have viewers thinking three things. Number one, what is that burger? Number two, what made him regret it? And number three, what happened after he ate it? These questions alone cause guess what? A curiosity gap. And the only way to resolve that gap is by clicking on the video and finding out. The stronger the gap, the more likely people are to click. Now, it can get super scientific and complex with the way top creators create these gaps. But to simplify it so you guys can easily create a cured gap with your own thumbnails, I'm going to now show you five of the most common ways of making them. And these will apply to pretty much any niche. So, make sure you write them down and use them next time you go to create one. So, firstly, we have the before and after thumbnails. And these are really powerful because they tell a story in just one image, usually a story of transformation. And it's not just about the after because the key here is having the before, which is usually the starting point, as relatable as possible. Something that makes viewers go, "That's me or that's where I'm starting from, too." Then on the other side you show the result which is the after. This then creates a hook. And the real question that every viewer has is what happened in between the before and the after. And this format works across nearly every niche. So if you do this, make sure that the before is relatable and that the after feels aspirational. And the viewer should always want to know how you made that transformation between the two. Then of course we have challenge thumbnails and these are all about tension. This is where you present a difficult task like something hard, intense, or borderline insane. And it makes a viewer go, "Wow, did they actually do this?" Now, the more extreme that the challenge feels, the stronger the curiosity gap becomes like these videos are practically begging to get clicked. And the curiosity comes from questions from the viewers, like what happened during a challenge? Like, did they complete it? And would I be able to do it myself? And humans love challenges. We always want to see how something ends. So, this is always a strong one. And then we have contradiction thumbnails. And these thumbnails are basically designed to make viewers stop and say, "Wait, what?" They work because they break expectations. They show something that doesn't really make sense at first glance, and that creates a mental itch the viewer needs to scratch. These thumbnails naturally feel wrong, but they challenge societal norms, and that's what makes them so clickable. The contradiction creates a puzzle and the only way to solve that puzzle is to click on the video and watch it. Then of course we have novelty thumbnails and these are thumbnails that grab you with weirdness. Like they work because the human brain is wired to notice anything that looks new, different or out of place. It could be something or inspiring. It could be bizarre. It could be hilarious. But the point is we've never seen it before and now we want to know more. The key to novelty thumbnails is simplicity. You don't need 10 crazy elements. You just need one thing that makes people stop and go, "Wait, what am I looking at? What is that?" And that is a novelty gap. And finally, we have result thumbnails. Now, these thumbnails show the final result of a journey. And they leave viewers wondering how you got there. Like, they work especially well in transformation, success, or money related niches. But they can be applied in almost any area where progress or outcome matters. And the curiosity comes from two places. One, how did they do it? And two, can I do it, too? The result thumbnails are all about aspiration. They should feel possible, but not easy. That's what drives a click. So, there you have it. There are five of the most popular psychological designs you can include in your thumbnails. But having the best curiosity gap in the world means nothing if no one notices your thumbnail in the first place. Because every single time someone loads up the YouTube home feed, they will be faced with tons of content that's all trying to grab their attention at the same time. And as humans, we naturally tune out almost everything unless something disrupts our attention. So the vast majority of thumbnails on YouTube will simply just get scrolled past without a second thought. But all of the top creators know exactly how to disrupt visual patterns and grab attention. And that's where attention triggers come in. And attention triggers are basically really simple little hacks that are able to grab a viewer's attention when they're scrolling on the YouTube home feed. Now, before I give you some examples, I actually very recently ran a poll asking you guys if you watch YouTube on light mode or dark mode. And 3/4 of you actually said you watch on dark mode. So, one point here is you should always consider how your thumbnails will stand out on dark backgrounds and light backgrounds too because many of you guys actually watch on dark mode. So, the contrast between your thumbnail and a dark background always needs a pop. So, keep that in mind. But here are some examples of attention triggers you should be using in your next thumbnails. So, first up, we have faces. Now, as humans, we are biologically wired to notice faces. It's one of the first things our brains are trained to recognize. But it's not just any face that works. The most effective thumbnails use clear, expressive faces showing strong emotion. Things like shock, fear, joy, confusion. These emotional cues make us instinctively pay attention because they help us to understand what a person's feeling and what that video might be about. So just using a boring smile on all of your videos with no facial expression won't cut it. The expression you need to include needs to match the emotion of that particular video. Like this thumbnail worked really well for me because the face I'm pulling matched the negative emotion encapsulated by that video topic. Like it wouldn't have worked if I had a smiling face or a laughing face for example. Then of course we have famous people. Now, this is where it gets interesting because our brains will subconsciously prioritize faces we're already familiar with. So, people like celebrities, influencers, athletes, friends, or even viral personalities act like immediate attention triggers. Now, of course, you should only ever include someone's face on your thumbnail if you actually include them in the video, too. If not, and you do include someone's face on your thumbnail that's not included, your audience will think you've just clickbaited them and they won't be happy. But if you do feature or talk about a famous person, for example, in your video, I would always 100% recommend you include them in your thumbnail, too. Then the next attention trigger is big numbers. That's because numbers create instant mental shortcuts. Seeing things like 100 thousand or zero to a million instantly communicates value without needing any extra context. They're really quick. They're easy to process and they trigger questions like how did they make that much? What happened in the journey? And can I do it too kind of thing. Now these types of attention triggers obviously work even better paired with a powerful topic like money, time or transformation. That's why finance and challenge videos often go viral. Next, we have familiar visuals. So when you include recognizable icons like the YouTube logo or Instagram likes or PayPal payments or even Shopify notifications for instance, they can act as visual magnets. Like we've seen these icons thousands of times before in our everyday life. So the seconds they appear in a thumbnail, our brains light up. But again, look, I'd only ever include any of these logos or icons if they actually feature in your video. Then we have aesthetics. These types of thumbnails are usually really quite simple, but require a lot of skill to get it right. They work because humans are naturally drawn to things like beauty, clean composition, balanced colors, and clear subjects. Because aesthetically pleasing visuals feel good to look at. They trigger a tiny dopamine hit in our brain. But in this case, it's not just about looking nice. It's about creating a thumbnail that feels effortless to exhort. And this is why those kind of thumbnails you see in the tech space or even the travel space work really, really well. But of course, you're going to need a really good camera and some good Photoshop skills for this kind of attention trigger. Then finally, we have movement, danger, or drama. Now, as humans, our brains have evolved over time to notice things like sudden motion, potential threats, or unusual events because in the past, missing one of those could have meant instant death for us. that primal wiring our brains have still works today. So this means thumbnails that show chaos, conflict or physical movement are able to grab people's attention fast. Think things like explosions, people running, near misses, war, traumatic stunts, or even someone midfall. Our brain screams to us, "Wait, what's going on there?" And that's exactly what gets the click. So there you have it. There are the six main attention triggers that all of the top creators use. subtly in their thumbnails. But what's really important here is that you should never try and include all of them at once because using too many attention triggers can actually overwhelm the viewer. Most viral thumbnails rely on just two to three triggers max. So the real skill here is not only knowing what to include, but also what to leave out as well. Okay, so now you might be thinking, how exactly do I include a curiosity gap and attention triggers into a single thumbnail? like how exactly should I lay it all out? Well, this is actually where design anatomy comes in and at its core, thumbnail design is about two things. One is what you include, and two is how you include it. And most high-erforming thumbnails are really simple, but they're extremely carefully created with design anatomy in mind. Now, there are in fact three main styles that creators use most when it comes to thumbnail layout. And the first one is split screen. So pretty much like A versus B. This is most commonly used in transformation or comparison thumbnails. Basically, it's where you show two contrasting sides. For instance, before and after, cheap versus expensive, old versus new, side by side. Now, the split design of these thumbnails naturally creates tension and curiosity and can illustrate the journey from A to B within a thumbnail. These are really quite popular and I've used a lot of these in the past as well. Then we have offset which is like asymmetrical and this one follows a rule of third placing the subject on either the left or the right third of the screen. Now this layout gives your thumbnail breathing room and allows space for text supporting visuals or directional cues like arrows and lines. Now this is actually my favorite. If you look at most of my thumbnails I use this composition a lot. And then finally we have centered which is symmetrical. This is where the main character or object sits right in the middle of the frame. It's balanced, it's clean, and it draws instant focus. Now, this layout is perfect for challenges, big results, or reaction style videos. So, if there's a particular focus in a video that you want to highlight within your thumbnail, this can be really useful. But there you go. Those are the three main ways all of the top creators will arrange their thumbnails. So, I'd suggest giving them a try. Okay, then. Now, the last step of this whole thumbnail creation process. When you've finally created something you think is going to work, there's a couple of little tests I would do quickly to evaluate it because a big thumbnail on a big screen usually looks great. But over 70% of YouTube viewers come from mobile. So, we need to see how our thumbnails look when they're really small. Now, the tool I use for this is thumbsup.tv. It's free and all you have to do is upload a picture of your thumbnail, paste in your title, and then down here you can see how your thumbnail is going to look on all of the different screens like homepage, suggested, mobile, and all of that. So, let's say if you have text on your thumbnail and it becomes really hard to read on a small screen when your thumbnail is minimized, I would change it immediately. And one thing to always remember is that your title and thumbnail should complement each other, not repeat each other. And then finally, we have the flash test. Again, this is also free, but this is where you show your thumbnail to someone, either a friend or a family member, for just 2 seconds and ask them what they saw. If the concept of the thumbnail wasn't visible in 2 seconds, it's not going to work. Because remember, when someone scrolls through the home feed or the suggested tab, they're really quickly skimming every title thumbnail, and they'll never spend more than 2 seconds doing so. So, we want to emulate this as a test. Now, if this video has finally helped thumbnails start to make sense for you, and you're starting to realize just how important they are, then you're going to love this. Now, I've built a short, high impact course that teaches you exactly how to design thumbnails that actually gets clicked. Now, you'll learn things like proven curiosity triggers, layout tips, emotional psychology, and tons of real world examples that you can literally just copy and use today. And just for watching this video until the end, you'll get 50% off the next 24 hours. So, click on the link in the description in the pinned comment and I'll see you inside the course. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [41 likes]: Take 50% off my Titles & Thumbnails Mastery Course here: https://www.ytwacademy.com/products/title-thumbnail-mastery-copy
  2. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Another great video!  I implemented the scheduling and a short after watching your shorts video just yesterday, slapped together a short while watching, posted on a schedule and BOOM!  140 views in just 5 hours.  Now that still is not much but I only started last week.  Thank you so much for helping us newbees in this space.
  3. @BackpackBim: Love this video, super helpful thank you for sharing! Could you do one specifically for the travel niche/cinematic content please? I don’t see any growth YouTuber do videos about this kind of content
  4. @cal3_bm: crazy how one small thumbnail change can literally decide if a video flies or dies 😭
  5. @Heartsong506: Really good content. I haven’t seen this specific lesson anywhere else, so it stands out as giving value to us, the viewer. Thank you!
  6. @youssoufrider: nice
  7. @lonceysyoutubecreators: Thanks so much man, this is an absolute gold tutorial and a must save to a how to do YouTube playlist 😊❤
  8. @KairoHqq: Let’s grow together guys. 🎉❤
  9. @SweetCandyTime: I took your advice on the thumbnails, thanks 🙏🏽
  10. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Yes, the reason why I clicked on this video is not because deep down I feel my thumbnails aren’t working…. I know my thumbnails aren’t working and it’s not YouTube’s fault they are pushing my videos but people are just not clicking so my views are suffering and it’s painful to put in so much work and fall short due to a thumbnail…
  11. @Recovered-rm2mg: You did not even tell us how to make one?
  12. @CelticMickTravels: That is why I outsourced to Bangladesh 😂
  13. @EstherNdeda-1: ❤ I am at 3 subscribers
  14. @niksha992: Ok what about gaming?
  15. @gosiakrokos: Thank you for the tips . I wish us all a great success 🤩 Best wishes .
  16. @XB700: What is a thumb nail?  Where can I access it, from a viewer's perspective?  Thumbnail vs. Description?
  17. @VidaPausa: Mi celular está mal y abrió este video 😂
  18. @mejiamade: super helpful 🙏🏽
  19. @StickThoughtsUS: i will success!
  20. @MsShadowrealm: All those "attention grabbing" thumbnail examples do the complete opposite to me. I see them and want to avoid them.

- Viral Thumbnail Expert Reveals His Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en - Dylan right here made this thumbnail, it has 1.5 million views. Can you break down this thumbnail for us? - For sure. This was inspired by a thumbnail I made about six months ago. I think it's from "Game of Thrones." He's like, climbing, like, an ice mountain. - [Host] Okay, yeah. - They sent me this asset picture. It was already pretty good. He was wearing the red coat already, and I knew that we would have it on the ice wall. Red and blue are very good contrasting colors. - Something I notice with a lot of these big YouTubers and a lot of the thumbnail designs, they're typically in the middle of doing something and there's an action happening. - Action makes you intrigued. You know, it looks like a frame from the video where he's actually climbing this ice mountain and this makes you very intrigued, and makes you think this is what you are actually going to see in the video. - One thing I really love about this thumbnail is it's very simple. - Yeah, I think simplifying is a big thing. Obviously, you don't want too many colors, but I also don't think there's any rule of less colors is better. Mr. Beast, for example, in his circle videos, there's probably six, seven different colors in that thumbnail, but it still works very well. - It's a great thumbnail. We're gonna go to the next one, which is a thumbnail that you designed for Airrack here, and it's called, "I Ordered 10,000 Amazon Packages." If I just look at that title, I would be like, "How am I gonna design a thumbnail for this?" But you landed on this one. There's still a lot going on, but somehow, the eyes are just led straight to Airrack. What's going on in this thumbnail that the eyes are kind of drawn to where you want them to go? - Yeah, so this thumbnail, you could break it down into three main elements. We have the background with the house, and the trees, and the sky, and the trees really give scale to the mountain of packages. The lines of the pathway lead directly towards Airrack, and I also think that all the packages are kinda noisy, and then the middle of it is just clear, and there's no distraction from all the packages around. - I wanna look at a list of all these old thumbnails, you made new ones, and there's some major differences. - Recreating your thumbnails is a newer trend that people are just now starting to pick up on, and they can really make your videos pop off again, especially if you think the video is good. What I planned to do with these was just to make everything look a lot more intense, because he is eating super spicy food. These thumbnails are a very good example of contrast and why it matters so much. For most of these, I had a darker background on very bright, oversaturated food. It makes everything in the foreground stand out a lot more. You wanna see these people go through this pain and see their reaction to all these crazy foods that they're eating. - You would think with someone eating spicy food, that the thumbnail would show them, like, drooling at the mouth, but something I've kinda learned, sometimes it's better to not show that reaction first, because the viewer actually wants to click and see the reaction. - If you get someone to click on the video and you don't already spoil the reaction, it makes the people stay for the entire video until he has his reaction. - I love all those tips, Dylan. If you guys actually want to see a video on titles, click on the screen, check that out. Thanks so much for being here. - Thank you for having me. - Make sure you check him out on Twitter. Link in the description, see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [18 likes]: Question of the day 💡How would you rate your thumbnails game? Let us know!
 FREE ON-DEMAND CLASS 🎯 Learn 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2022 👉 http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @DioDiablo702 [5 likes]: I honestly think that these overdramatic thumbnail designs is ruining the YouTube experience
  3. @DrizzleSports [1 likes]: Moral of the story is : Hire a Thumbnail Creator cause sheesh 😮‍💨 these guys put in hrs on this
  4. @Divine_presence33: Insightful
  5. @krishnayadav-y8f8b: Where is full video  ?
  6. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value!!!
  7. @annaheya2109: Show reaction on thumbnail. Makes people stay for the entire video to see that reaction. Well said 👌
  8. @StillHavens: Thanks!
  9. @The_Norwegian_Girl: Which app are you using?
  10. @mike-leembruggen: Fascinating to learn how simplicity and contrasting colors play a role in thumbnail effectiveness (5:7). I’m curious, how do you walk the thin line between 'spoiling' the video in the thumbnail and enthralling your audience enough to click (16:56)? What's your take on the possible downfalls of revealing too much too soon?
  11. @Jeffrey-hk4fq: Ok, enough of Mr Beast 🤔
  12. @RetroNerdGirl: I changed all my thumbnails and it gave me a nice boost on my channel for sure!  great advice!
  13. @boarrrkbn: ahahahaahah, yea yea, from `game of throne`
  14. @RVAmerica: Great advice.   The struggle is real.  Lynn and Danny
  15. @batufySE: i've been watching thumbnail videos for long time and getting inspired but when I try to create it becomes s*ck 😂
  16. @cookingwithvince: What's the best program to actually make the thumbnails?
  17. @Kiki23-b2y: I’m gonna keep going no matter how hard it is or gets !!! 💪🏾
  18. @WMSClips: Great info! Thankyou for your tips and Knowledge
  19. @thehooddoctoredits: I love this video 🙏
  20. @emmanuele.5908: AMAZING VIDEO! DEFINITELY DO MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS!!!

- How to make VIRAL THUMBNAILS for your faceless channel (YouTube automation 2024): Kind: captions Language: en over the past month I studied the thumbnails of over 1,000 viral faceless YouTube videos that got over a 100 million views combined all of this was in an effort to answer one question how do you create a killer thumbnail that can blow up your faceless YouTube channel see when a viewer comes to YouTube they immediately get hit with a bajillion video options your goal is to get them to stop immediately on the homepage and think wow I got to watch this video and then click your thumbnail why the homepage you might ask well I not only looked at 1,000 thumbnails but I also dove into the analytics and the most viral videos on this channel that you're watching right now and when looking at the top performing videos I noticed the majority of the views came from YouTube recommending them on the homepage or browse features which basically are the homepage watch History subscriptions anything on the first page that you land on when you go to YouTube If a video has a high click-through rate on these Pages YouTube assumes there's a high interest in the video topic and will then keep trying to get more and more Impressions to that video by pushing it to more viewers homepages you can see here the percentage contribution of Impressions all three of these videos got from homepage versus the rest of the sources combined without these the remaining Impressions would mainly come from search and notifications which are significantly more limited so that is why having a thumbnail that stops a viewer on the homepage and gives them no other option but to click is so important so my goal by the end of this video is to give you the perfect recipe for creating the most irresistible thumbnails for for your faceless YouTube channel you would think making a thumbnail is simple for example look at these thumbnails they're high quality they have contrasting colors they have a face in the thumbnail showing em motion they have everything we're told a thumbnail should have so why did these videos all get less than a, views most advice out there would make you believe that these thumbnails are perfect hypothetically the views should be pouring in right but they're not it was this lack of depth that brought me down this 100 plus hour Rabbit Hole of looking at thumbnails watching interviews of successful YouTubers giving thumbnail tips and all of that allowed me to come up with one perfect thumbnail recipe the recipe is made up of five ingredients but before we get into the ingredients we have to talk about the video idea itself here's what Patty Galloway the king of YouTube strategy has to say about video ideas and I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's gonna be so funny I just can't think of way to thumbnail that and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately it needs to take that box it needs to be a great idea it needs to be very clickable we need to be able to make a clear thumb that around it so if you can't think of a thumbnail like Patty says the video idea just is not good enough but don't worry I created an entire video on how you can find outlier video ideas for your channel no matter what your Niche is so if you haven't watched that video already go ahead watch that video somewhere up here and then come back and watch this video now the first first ingredient in our perfect thumbnail recipe is simple design here's two thumbnails both have the same video idea in title don't start a YouTube channel in 2024 the video on the left got less than 100 views the video on the right got over a million views the thumbnail on the left has a lot and I mean a lot that we're looking at multiple layers of text with three arrows pointing at different things so it's unclear what we should focus on Graphics just thrown everywhere in the thumbnail it's confusing it's cluttered and overall visually unappealing so people didn't click the thumbnail on the right is simple one subject centered in the image holding a sign with concise text so it's clear what the viewer should focus on and it's clear what the video is about so a lot of people clicked on this thumbnail there's a concept in Psychology called cognitive load Theory this Theory suggests that humans have a limited capacity for processing information at any given time when a thumbnail is cluttered with too many elements it increases the cognitive load on the viewer making it more difficult for them to quickly understand and assess the thumbnail so rather than sitting there and trying to figure out what's going on in the thumbnail the viewer is just going to keep scrolling combine this with the fact that you might only have one or two seconds to grab their attention while they're scrolling and it becomes extremely apparent how important Simplicity is when it comes to thumbnail design so how can you create simple thumbnails that still get the point of your video across to your viewer well a simple three-step framework is one clear subject two bold text three strategic highlighting let's look at some examples clear subject bold text strategic highlighting clear subject bold text strategic highlighting clear subject bold text strategic highlighting the second ingredient in the perfect thumbnail recipe is familiarity as humans we tend to have a preference for things that we're familiar with that's why on average we eat the same five to eight meals every single week they're familiar we can trust them they're comfortable it's probably why if you see a video released by a handful of YouTubers you will always click no matter the video subject you are familiar with them you know that they create good videos and you know that they provide value to you for those same reasons if a person comes across a thumbnail that has a recognizable face like a celebrity or themes that they're familiar with they're more likely to click so to incorporate at familiarity into your thumbnails for faceless YouTube channels there are two approaches the first approach is familiarity hijacking this involves using well-known personalities or recognizable elements in your thumbnails to capture viewers attention by leveraging their existing familiarity this can be seen with Charisma on command a faceless YouTube channel that has grown to over 6.6 million subscribers using this principle in all of their thumbnails using the faces of familiar celebrities and personalities they get people to stop scrolling and think oh I know them and then click the video to find out more the second approach is familiarity building which involves starting from scratch and consistently incorporating specific characters or Styles into your thumbnails to build familiarity over time see with consistency this strategy will allow your audience to become familiar with your content just by seeing your thumbnail this is the approach that 10x income or digital income project take there are two faceless YouTube channels that use the same AI Avatar in all of their thumbnails and videos so they've built that famili arity With Their audience ingredient number three is a bold claim this one has less to do with the design of the thumbnail itself and more to do with the video idea and how it's represented within the thumbnail for instance I could create a video of me walking my dog even if I created the most perfect thumbnail to exist on YouTube the video would just be too boring to get clicks that's because there's no bold claim that's grabbing viewers attention and so they just keep scrolling to stop their scroll your claim needs to be bold enough that the viewer has no choice but to click on the video so before even recording your video think about the Bold claim that you're making in the video but make sure that it's the right kind of bold claim for example I could come up with a video idea of me going out and picking up a million rocks I don't know about you but if I saw someone release a video on them picking up a million rocks I'm not going to sit there and watch that it is a bold claim though that they could actually go out there and do it but the video idea is awful so how can you come up with the right kind of bold claims for your faceless YouTube videos well here are three video constructs that have bold claims built into them and work well for faceless YouTube channels number one is something of Interest actually worth it is college worth it in 2024 would be an example is it worth going to University would be another way to spin it the second video construct is world's most adjective object world's most amazing skills and talent ever 15 most extreme roads in the world would be another way to structure it the third video construct is topic of Interest everything you need to know Toy Story 5 everything you need to know Friday Night at Freddy's everything you need to know so now you have a couple easy ways to come up with bold claims but the claim on its own is not good enough it needs to be presented in your thumbnail in a way that's going to Peak the viewer's Curiosity this is where ingredient number four in the perfect thumbnail recipe comes in and that's the Curiosity Gap the Curiosity Gap is the distance between what your viewer currently knows and what they are curious to learn this Gap is what motivates them to click and watch your video so your goal is to have your thumbnail make them so curious that they have absolutely no other choice but to click using the example from before if I make a slight change to the dog walking video My Title might go from I walked my dog today to I walked my dog today and it turned into an adventure the Bold claim my walk was interesting enough to become an adventure the thumbnail me walking my dog but with an unexpected scene around us this would cause viewers to wonder about the story behind it they'll think what happened how did it become an adventure and that Curiosity Gap is what makes them click to find the answer by successfully incorporating a curiosity Gap you not only get the click but you incentivize your viewer to watch until the end to find out what happens here's an example of a curiosity Gap done really well so the title is why don't we shoot nuclear waste into space it gets the viewer thinking and then you look at the thumbnail which suggest suest that it's the best idea ever but the title suggests we're not doing it so why don't we do it so that Curiosity Gap makes the viewer click this brings us to the last ingredient in the perfect thumbnail recipe the immediate payoff so imagine you click on a video with an incredible thumbnail titled the funniest dog videos of all time you click and the video starts with hey guys it's Trevor today was a good day I went for a walk what are you going to do you're going to click off the video as fast as possible why because there was no immediate payoff now imagine you're scrolling and you see this video the thumbnail has the subject a policeman and a cow and in the first second of the video we immediately see the subject from the thumbnail walking a cow with a beer in his hand this is an immediate payoff for the audience the thumbnail first made them curious and then when they click they get an immediate payoff which keeps them watching the video this is proven by the video's 6 million views so it to put everything together simple design plus familiarity plus bold claim plus curiosity Gap plus immediate payoff equals the best possible most clickable thumbnail for your faceless YouTube video and by using this recipe you will make thumbnails that have a much much much higher potential of going viral thank you for watching I hope you got a lot of value out of this video this is the fourth video of a series of videos that we're making on faceless YouTube channels by the end of the series you'll know everything that there is to know about faceless YouTube channels from starting to Growing to monetizing and Beyond so make sure to hit that subscribe button so that you don't miss out on any more uploads if you are interested in this video and if you haven't seen any of the videos in the series yet I recommend you start with this video right here why 99% of faceless channels fail so go ahead watch that and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @To-Himself.V [2 likes]: Thank you!
  2. @skee6706 [2 likes]: Finally a clear and concise breakdown.  Thank you for the great video.
  3. @Divineduaverses [1 likes]: I love the narrow down explanation fr
  4. @outerside [1 likes]: Appreciate it🤝
  5. @Beamlaughs2315 [1 likes]: Thanks for your sharing, it's really helpful. I am applying what you said in my videos
  6. @MindfulTechHealth [1 likes]: I watched to the end and I really got alot of amazing ideas thank you 11:22
  7. @POVAot: Great Explanation
  8. @LibertaStuprata-su1qo: Le peggiori sono quelle con facce che dovrebbero esprimere stupore, mentre in realtà trasmettono solo un'insopportabile idiozia!!
  9. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  10. @DifferentHQ: 👍 👍
  11. @find.ingme45: thank you, this is great! :)
  12. @Storieslodge: great breakdown
  13. @LyricLounge98: Trying to understand how to make bold claims in my thumbnails lol. I make music lyric videos. Any ideas.
  14. @BILLIONINVEST_777: Thanks you, I realized my mistakes.
  15. @SirRiddleton: Thank you 🎉
  16. @enakkshimohan: Very informative
  17. @Travel.WorldTrends: you really helped me , thank you
  18. @mohammedshoaib-tq6hb: Thanks dude...very helpful
  19. @m.soliman_au: make your videos shorter man, its how-to video, not documentary :(
  20. @Arhcei: My brain named itself antmothosofsicephere

- How To Edit Videos For Youtube as Beginner in 2025 (Step By Step): Kind: captions Language: en so after editing hundreds of videos for my own channel and my client's channels as well and getting hundreds of thousands of subscribers and tens of millions of views on YouTube I have been able to boil down my entire editing formula and process into 10 simple steps that you can follow as well as a complete beginner now I remember when I was making my first YouTube videos it was a very stressful and painful experience because I had zero clue about what the process is that I should actually follow how to use the certain editing softwares and so on so I really hope that this video is going to be able to give you some guidance that you need to be able to turn your raw file that you have just recorded into a ready to publish Masterpiece that's going to get you thousands of views and subscribers and all the success that you create so without any further Ado let's jump right into the first step of editing your YouTube video so step number one is organization so what you want to do after you got your raw files from your camera or for your phone is to actually create a folder on your computer I usually like to name it the name of the video and also uh the date that it was recorded on and then within that folder you want to create more subfolders which are going to contain all your files this is important so that if you ever need to access the project again you will have all your files in one place and it's just a very good habit as well to stay organized then step number two is to actually start a new project with the right uh settings so you want to make sure that the project settings actually match what you have shot your video in so uh whether it was done on your you know phone or on your camera just make sure that your project settings are actually going to be matching ideally both the resolution and also the frame rate of whatever you have used to record a video and then once you have done that you can actually go ahead and import all your files into your editing software so that they are ready to be assembled now step number three is putting everything that you have onto your timeline and then cutting out all the fluff this is very important that you are very critical with what you leave in the video and what you don't because a good editor is not necessarily someone who knows you know all the most fancy effects and all of that stuff it's someone who knows what to keep in the video and what can be left out you want to make sure that again anything that you are repeating too many times or that can be boring to the viewer are ideally cut out and try to get down the length of the video to as little as possible while still getting all the information or entertainment across to the viewer step number four is adding some music to your video this is a very important step because you know background music it really adds a lot to how the video feels as a whole it adds a lot to the pacing so it is a crucial step and you want to use this to your advantage and that actually brings us the sponsor of this video epidemic sound epidemic sound is a restriction free music platform where you can get all of your sound effects from and also all of your music from for your videos now the reason why this is important is because if you are not using restriction free music in your videos then you are not only going to get demonetized but sometimes your videos can also get flagged or even taken down on YouTube I have been using epidemic sound for over 5 years at this point for pretty much all of my personal projects and client projects as well well and I can always find the music there which really just fits the vibe that I'm trying to create in my videos they have a huge catalog of different songs they have over 40,000 sound effects and over 990,000 songs which is insane and they keep adding new songs and sound effects to it every single week it's neatly organized into different playlists and folders and you can also use their Advanced searched options uh they also have an AI feature now which is in their Premiere Pro plugin which can literally analyze your clip give you song suggestions based on that so they have a really amazing software and platform and if you want to you can actually try it out for a 7-Day free trial in the description below so again thank you emics for sponsoring this video and let's get back into it now a couple things to keep in mind when it comes to using music in your videos is you want to make sure that it is not too loud one of the most distracting things can be if your song is just super loud and it's overpowering your voice and also try to avoid songs with uh vocals in it because that can also be distracting if you're talking to the camera and the viewer can also hear some singing in the background now step number five is adding supplemental elements to your videos so this can be things like b-roll to kind of show the thing that you are talking about on the screen and you can get these from different royaltyfree uh stock footage websites or even YouTube you can also use texts to explain what you are doing better right so you can pop up little text effects here and there um you can even add some captions throughout some parts of the video to just really again emphasize the things that you are saying or you can even pop up images to explain it icons whatever it is right you want to add these little extra things to just make your video that much more engaging but keep in mind that the goal of b-roll and you know all of these different things is not necessarily just to make your video look better the main purpose is to get the story and the content across to the viewer better so you should only include something in my opinion if it's actually going to enhance the viewing experience by either again getting the story across better or making the video more entertaining while still getting the point across I see a lot of people who just add in a bunch of effects here and there they zoom in zoom out do all of this crazy stuff when they really shouldn't be at that part of the video so that's something to keep in mind sometimes less is more I know it's exciting when you start learning all of these effects cuz you just want to use them all of the time but try to only use them when it really adds to your story and doesn't take away from it step number six is adding sound effects to your video now the reason why this is so important is because if you already added some Boll Clips to your video some text popups maybe some transitions even or different effects if you add some sound effects to go with it it's going to make your video just feel that much more rich and uh more alive right so if you you know let's say I pop up a b-roll clip right now of a fireplace you know that if you just look at it yeah you can get the point I'm talking about fireplace but if I add some sound effects to it as well now you can feel how much more alive that feels make sure that you are using some sound effects and again you can use epidemic sound like I've been using and they have an incredible library of sound effects then step number seven is color correcting and color grading color correcting is when you just really get your video to look like how it should in terms of its exposure contrast and all of that uh that really only applies if you have used like a flat picture Pro file to shoot your video or whatever ideally you know if you're a beginner you probably shouldn't really be using those just use uh you know the regular settings of your camera and as long as it's exposed well so your video is not Overexposed or underexposed it should be fine and then the color grading part is where you can really get a bit more creative so color grading is you know a technique uh used in films and even YouTube videos to make the viewer feel some type of way so color grading can almost be looked at like using different filters on Instagram obviously this is like a very dumb down way to say it and probably someone who's like a professional editor would hate me for saying this but again make sure that it's just a very small amount you don't want to have too strong of color grading in your video cuz again that can just look a bit tacky and just overdone you know that you have done just the right amount of color grading when the viewer doesn't really notice it that you have color grading on the video unless they specifically look for it cuz that means that it's a nice and natural look and you're all good to go then step number eight is watching your video back and looking for any mistakes now this is a crucial part as well there's nothing more embarrassing than uploading a video and then later on realizing that you have left in a bunch of mistakes maybe some offline media screens maybe you left in some mistakes you forgot to cut out cuz again it can be very embarrassing and just ruin an overall professional video then step number nine is go through a pre- exporting checklist now I'm going to leave a pre- exporting checklist for you in the description of this video so basically with that you are going to be able to just look at some of the most common mistakes that beginner editors make and kind of like check them off make sure you haven't made any of those in your video just so you can be you know rest assured that your video is destined to do as well as it can possibly do and then step number 10 is actually exporting your project so this is also an important part you want to make sure you are using the right formatting for your exports you're using the right resolution and the right frame rate so I've already covered this in a previous video of mine so I'm going to leave that in the description of this video you can also find a bunch of tutorials on how to export your videos in whatever editing software that you're using personally so that shouldn't really be that hard to figure out but it's something you still want to pay attention to so that's it these are the 10 steps I go through to edit my YouTube videos and edit videos for my clients as well so just to recap everything first organization second starting a new project and importing all the footage in there third adding it to the timeline cutting out all sort of mistakes pauses just trimming the fat step number four adding music to the video step number five adding any supplemental elements to your video to tell your story better step number six adding sound effects to your video step number seven color grading and color correcting if needed step number eight watching back your video for any mistakes step number nine going through a pre-export editing checklist to make sure you haven't made any of the most common mistakes and step number 10 exporting your video with the right settings if you have done all 10 of these you have a pretty good chance that you have made an almost perfect edit now obviously there's always room for improvement you can always become a better editor uh and I'm still nowhere near perfect editor right I have such a long way to go to improve and get better as well if you want to learn more about video editing check out my Academy video editors that I owe in the description and if you want to make money from editing videos for other people then check out our coaching company grow creatives other than that I really hope you enjoy this video and you got some value from it and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @vinceopra [7 likes]: ❗I'm giving away $5397 worth of my courses for FREE! Click here to access them: https://youtu.be/d1qfEIp8lvE
  2. @GencarelliCornelio: This channel is very impressive This deserves recognition.
  3. @GidaroGraffam: This channel is outstanding I will definitely recommend this.
  4. @KathlynGaro: The idea is outstanding I did not expect it to be this good.
  5. @GaalKerr: This performance is worth sharing I really appreciate the effort.
  6. @TraisterFrandeen: This performance is outstanding This deserves recognition.
  7. @MccullorsGelbach: The content is amazing I did not expect it to be this good.
  8. @GaisfordBritten: The content is outstanding I enjoyed every second of it.
  9. @FroioMijangos: The idea is well made I will come back to watch it again.
  10. @MeltonFreise: This channel is worth sharing It deserves more views.
  11. @GidaroGraffam: The way you present is very impressive This deserves recognition.
  12. @GerstnerRenton: This channel is top notch It made my day better.
  13. @WeigleGabrelcik: This video is underrated I will definitely recommend this.
  14. @GauntlettGaffigan: The idea is very impressive This deserves recognition.
  15. @FroebeCastor: The content is outstanding I really appreciate the effort.
  16. @FroioMijangos: Your explanation is well made I did not expect it to be this good.
  17. @MeltonFreise: The idea is underrated I did not expect it to be this good.
  18. @GerosaMarceau: This channel is exactly what I needed I really appreciate the effort.
  19. @IrishRebel88: How to do something, without telling how to do it. great job. ffs.
  20. @MacyFreeney: The way you present is really helpful I enjoyed every second of it.

- How to Edit a YouTube Video in 2026 (Start to Finish): Kind: captions Language: en If you've never edited a YouTube video before, it can feel pretty overwhelming at the beginning, but the good news is this, it's actually a lot easier than you think if you follow the right process. So, in this video, I'm going to teach you how to edit your first ever YouTube video so you can start making your own videos. So, step one is to choose which software you're going to use to do your video editing, and for beginners, we highly recommend starting with the software CapCut. It's really user-friendly, it's completely free to get started, and there's a lot of really great tools for beginners who are wanting to make videos faster. If you do want an editing program that's a little bit more professional, there is a software called DaVinci Resolve that pros use to edit all the time. Some of the editors on our team use DaVinci Resolve, and it's a world-class editing software, and they have a free version that is very capable. But, for today's video, you can go ahead and download CapCut, and make sure to grab the desktop version for whatever computer you have, either Mac or Windows. Now, the next step is to organize all of our content before we bring it into our editing software, so we just make sure we set up our project files correctly. So, whether you recorded your video on your computer or a smartphone or even a dedicated camera, you want to make sure that you pull those files onto your computer and organize them in distinct categories. So, I've made a folder for this video called how to edit a YouTube video as a beginner, and there's three main folders that you want to create. You want to create one folder called A-roll, and this is for your talking head video. So, if you're talking to the camera, this file would go into this folder called A-roll. If you have supplemental footage that you recorded to reinforce whatever you're talking about, we call this B-roll. And these are like shorter clips that we use to just reinforce if I'm talking about this microphone for today's tutorial, we shot a bunch of footage of the microphone that we can use as overlays to help better explain what we're talking about. So, content like this would go in your B-roll folder, and then project files would be any other things like graphics or logos, animations, stock footage, or music that we would want to bring into our project as well. So, be sure to organize your files before you bring them into your software. It's going to make things a whole lot easier once you get editing. Our next step is to get our project set up and import our footage into CapCut. So, once you open up CapCut, you can sign in if you would like, but I'll show you what this is like completely with the free version without even being signed in. So, the first thing we need to do is select this really big button up top called create a project, and immediately the CapCut interface will open up, and this is what you'll see. Now, the first thing we'll want to do right now is just import our media, so I'm going to go open my finder window and bring in the A-roll and the B-roll for this video. So, I'm going to click and drag, and drag those both of those folders actually directly into this import button, and they import as folders, which is really nice for organization. If I click and open this tutorial folder, we can see what's inside of there, which is these two clips. We have audio that I recorded as well as the talking head A-roll, and if I click this video, it'll automatically start playing this clip, so we can see how my A-roll's looking. So, these are the four main windows that you'll be using inside of CapCut. This top left one is how you ingest all of your media, you import footage, you also can add different audio and text effects with this left panel. The middle panel right here is for viewing your actual video, either previewing content that's not yet on your timeline or actually viewing your edit that you've already started editing. This top right panel is more details and information about the clips on your timeline, and you can do some editing to those clips with this right panel. And this very bottom window right here is your editing timeline. So, as you drag in media that you actually want to edit, we'll start building our timeline right here. So, now that our project is all set up, it's now time to start editing our A-roll or the main story and the talking head portion of our video. So, if I go up to this clip right here, this is the video that we're editing today, and I can actually just click and drag that directly onto this timeline, and I can start editing. Alternatively, if I delete this, I could go up to the clip, right-click, and then hit new timeline with selected item, and that's another really easy way to create a new timeline. If you want to zoom in on your clip, you can use this zoom slider right here or hit the command minus and plus buttons to see your clips just a little bit bigger if you'd like. You could also grab this video layer to expand it a little bit if you want to see the audio a little bit better. Now, if you recorded audio separately, you can drag your audio directly into the timeline, and then you can sync up those clips manually by just aligning the audio layers to make sure your audio is all in sync. Now, because I actually recorded audio separately, I'm going to mute this track by grabbing this audio little levels right here and drag it completely to the bottom. So, now I've just muted my A-roll clip because I want to use this high-quality podcast audio for this video. And because these are treated as separate clips right now, I'd like to actually merge them together. So, what I'm going to do is highlight both of them, right-click, and then create a compound clip. And all this does is treat these almost like one video file, and it just makes life a lot easier for me. So, it's something you could try out if you ever want to create compound clips. So, now I need to go in and start editing this introduction because I actually did the intro three different times, and the third take was actually the best one. Let's watch that. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for beginners. It's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, at this point, everything to the left of that clip needs to be deleted, so I'll hit B on my keyboard to open up the blade tool, and this is how I make a bunch of edits. So, I can clip, clip, clip all in here, and then if I want to, I can click A to highlight and drag and delete all those clips. We don't need any of those things. And now there's this big gap right here, and what I can do is actually move this over if I would like, or I can turn on automatic snapping right here. So, if I click this button, everything's going to snap automatically anytime I make an edit. So, same thing over here, everything on the left side of this hook needs to be deleted, so I'll click, hit A on my keyboard to remove this video clip, and then hit delete, and everything snaps over to place. Let's watch the hook now. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for beginners. It's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, at this point, I need to go through the entire timeline and just get my story solidified. So, I'm going to go through and cut out all of the different mistakes, and if I kind of rambled on, I want to delete that as well, and just get the story as tight as I can. So, I just went through and edited all of the A-roll for my video, and this is probably what your timeline would look like. You have a bunch of different clips and different lines and cuts in the video because you removed several mistakes. And what we need to do at this point is actually add what's called B-roll. So, this is supplemental footage that will help reinforce whatever we're talking about in our video, but it also helps cover cuts or mistakes that we made in our video to make the video feel more seamless. So, if I go back up to this media pool, I can click all to view all of my media sources, and I want to click in this folder and look at Lark A1 B-roll. If I stretch this out, I can see more of the clips, or I'll make it maybe just like right here so I can view three rows, and I can scroll through and look at all of this high-quality B-roll that we shot for this video. So, let's listen to what I say right here in this portion of the video. All of it fits right inside this really tiny carrying case. So, as I talk about that tiny carrying case, it'd be great to visually show the case that I'm talking about, and I shot a bunch of B-roll that I can overlay over the top of that portion to even cover this cut that exists right here. So, as I scroll through my media pool, I can see this clip right here where I'm highlighting the case. And actually, instead of dragging the entire clip onto the timeline, I don't need the whole clip. And instead of having to like drag out these handles here, I can actually go up to this window, and then as the video plays, I can hit I on my keyboard to set an in-point, and then hit O to set an out-point. So, now I'm just dragging this tiny little portion of this video by selecting I and O to tell the software don't drag the entire clip, just drag this little portion that I actually want to use. So, I'll pull that down into the video right here, and we can see that it's actually a little bit shorter than we need it to be, and I need the clip to actually be extended all the way to the end of this frame to cover this cut right here. Now, what I could do is just drag out the handle a little bit more, but maybe the footage gets a little shaky at the end, and that's not preferable. Now, I actually recorded this B-roll in a higher frame rate so I could slow that footage down later, and I'll show you how to do this here inside of CapCut. So, if I click on this clip, we can just go up to this top right corner and click on speed, and I'm able to adjust the speed all the way down to 40% because I shot this clip in 60 frames per second. And because of the timeline setting that I'm working on with my A-roll being 24 frames per second, this clip can be slowed down all the way to 40% and still play back buttery smooth. Now, all I need to do is adjust my handles to the proper position. So, maybe I want the clip to start right here. I'll drag this over, and then re-align the clip to make sure it actually is over the cut point right here, and then I'll drag this handle so that it covers that clip so that as I'm talking about the charging case, this B-roll plays in slow motion. Let's watch that clip. and computers. All of it fits right inside this really tiny carrying case. Perfect, it's looking really good. So, I just added a little bit more B-roll to the timeline. Let's check out how this is looking. The kit comes with two kinds of receivers. You can use the lightning receiver for older iPhones, and then the USB-C receiver for newer iPhones, Android devices, or even tablets and computers. All of it fits case. So, that additional B-roll footage really helps cover some of those cuts and mistakes that I made in the video, but also just reinforces exactly what I'm talking about in the video. That viewer is now able to see visually everything I'm speaking about. Now, maybe you don't have time to go out and film all of your own B-roll, or it's just sort of impractical for the kind of content that you create. Well, that's okay because there's services out there like Storyblocks, which is the sponsor of today's video. Storyblocks gives you unlimited access to a massive library of high-quality stock assets all for one predictable subscription cost. They have amazing 4K and 1080p footage and also have motion graphics and music, sound effects, and more. I've personally been using Storyblocks for about 8 years to fill in all of those missing pieces of my video projects here at Think Media or even in my professional freelancing business that I just don't have time to go out and shoot myself. It's honestly such a game-changer and has saved me hours on different projects. Storyblocks is also making a point to highlight real creators' work and creators are adding new content to the platform all the time that's high quality and looks fantastic. And there's also a ton of overlays and texture packs and transition animations, all of these different things that as you grow as an editor, you will love leveraging. So, I use Storyblocks all of the time. If you want to give it a try, you can click the link down in the description below or head to storyblocks.com/thinkmedia to sign up today. Now, after our B-roll is complete, it's time to add some music and sound effects to just make the sound experience of our video a little bit better. What's great about CapCut is they have a bunch of built-in audio and different music and sound effects that you can leverage right away or you can drag in your own content that you have to work with. Like right here, I have an entire folder of music from Storyblocks that I downloaded. If we click into this folder, we can see all of these different audio tracks that I could drag right into my timeline. Let's listen to one of these. Hey, I think this one fits the vibe of this video. So, I'll drag this audio right onto the timeline and place it below my A-roll's audio and it can just live right there on audio layer two. I will click the blade tool and clip off the end so we're not getting any of this additional audio in our export. If we listen to the audio right now and just leave it as is, it's going to be way too loud and overpower our mix. Let's listen to it right now. This is my favorite [music] budget Like you can't actually even hear my voice. So, we need to lower the audio volume of the music to let my voice come through a little bit more. If I expand this audio layer, it'll be easier to see this little lever right here that I can pull up or down to increase or decrease my audio volume. And typically a great place for your audio to live is right around like -32 dB to 36 dB is where we typically keep it. So, let's listen to what it sounds like right around -33. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for Now, that adds a really subtle ambiance. It's not too loud where it's overpowering the mix, but just enough to add a nice little vibe for the video. The next step would be to add any titles or graphics that you might want to have in your scene and I'll show you just how to do a really simple one inside of CapCut. So, if we go up here to this top left window, we can click the text button right here and you can add a default text or look at some of these presets. Now, some of these are actually for the premium plan, so you got to make sure you're not grabbing like the purple diamond unless you pay for CapCut. Instead, you can actually just start with a default text and drag that right onto the timeline. And now it's visible on our timeline and I'm going to change this to the title or the name of the microphone. So, this is the Hollyland Lark A1. I'm going to highlight it all by hitting command A and I do want to change the font here. So, let's cycle through some of these different options, ones that are not a part of the paid plan to find one that we're liking. I like this Arial here and we need to make sure we scale it up or down to be the right size. There's different preset styles you can select if you would like and just make this based on your preferences. So, I'm just messing with this title screen a little bit to get it just right and that's part of this process of editing is just messing with things for a while until you get the style you like. But what I want to do is add an animation to the in point of this text so that as the text comes on screen, it adds a little animation and movement to the text. Here's a simple effect called fade reveal. So, let's add this to the clip. It's the Hollyland So, as the Hollyland Lark A1 is announced, it actually slowly fades in and reveals the text and let's watch that back together. beginners, it's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, as we look at our timeline right now, what you'll notice is we're almost building distinct layers for every step of our editing process. So, our first video layer is all of my talking head footage. So, it's me looking at the camera speaking. Our second video layer is all of our B-roll. So, that's supplemental footage we can add to layer on top of our B-roll. And then our third video layer are all of our text animations that we can add and you could add subsequent video layers as your edits get more complex. But a helpful tip is try to keep all of the same type of content on its own video layer. So, all of my A-roll is always going to go on layer one. Layer two might be all of my B-roll and layer three could be all of your graphics as to not make your timeline too confusing. Now, one of the last things you could do before you export your video is make sure you color correct any clips that maybe just don't look the best. And so, all you have to do is click on a clip and then go to your very top right window up here and then there's all these different ones, speed, animation, but you want to go to adjust. And this is where you can adjust some of the colors of your clip. You could add a LUT, which stands for lookup table and that's kind of a color overlay, like a color preset you could add to your footage if you've ever downloaded those. That's where you would add your LUTs. But you can also just manually do this. If I wanted my footage to be a little bit warmer, I could do that, add some more contrast potentially, bring down my highlights if it was like a little bit too bright. All of these different things you can do. I could sharpen it up if it was too soft. I can add some clarity as well. If your camera lens had some vignetting, you can correct for that by adding white to the edges of the frame or you could increase your vignetting if you want to kind of hone in on the center of the frame, you could do that as well. And if you want to see what those color adjustments look like, you can turn on and off your adjustment layer really quickly to see that color correction. At this point, if you're feeling good about your edit, the next step is to actually review the entire edit to make sure everything is looking proper and this is where you honestly can catch a lot of mistakes and save you time and headache before you export your video and have a mistake in the video. You want to spend time watching your video. But a little hack for this is if you want to save yourself time, you can watch the video in two times speed. All you have to do is hit your space bar to hit play and then hit L to fast forward. And now this video is playing in two times speed and I do this all of the time. You can even edit in two times speed if you really want to save time editing. But reviewing your video in two times speed is a little hack that us editors use. Once you finalize and reviewed your video, it's time to export your video, which is our final step. So, all you have to do is go up to the very top right corner and you do want to adjust some specific export settings here. The first thing is you want to change the name of your export setting if you didn't change the name of your project to begin with. We can just call this like Lark A1 mini review. You also want to export this to a specific destination. Maybe your downloads or into your documents, wherever you would prefer this to live, you can select a manual destination for it. Now, when it comes to resolution, you do want to export in a minimum of 1080p quality or if you shot your video in 4K, you can export in 4K quality. Just know that CapCut's free version does have different limits based on the credits that you've used for your different export settings. For bitrate, you do always want to select higher if possible. Don't choose recommended or lower, you want the highest bitrate possible because this will just give your video the most amount of information and quality once you've exported. For codec, we like the H.264 codec or ProRes 422. H.264 is usually fine for most people, so go ahead and select that. For format, go ahead and select MP4 instead of MOV. It's just more universally compatible. For frame rate, just export in whatever frame rate you shot your A-roll in. So, if you shot in 30 frames per second for your A-roll, export in 30 frames. If you shot in 24, you'll want to export in 24 frames per second. If you also wanted to export the audio, you could do that right here as an MP3 or wave file. I would actually choose wave if I was just exporting the audio. Once you're finished with all this, you can go ahead and hit export and your video will export in honestly just a few minutes. CapCut is honestly pretty fast with their export times. And once your export finishes, you can open it up on your computer and just make sure that everything exported properly and you're good to go. And what's great about these 10 easy steps is that all of these steps are repeatable for literally every single video. Every video I make at Think Media, I've made like over 120 videos for Think Media. I follow all of these 10 steps for every single piece of content. If you want to try out CapCut, we'll link it down in the description below as well as Storyblocks if you want to enhance your videos with high-quality stock media assets. So, I'll link that in the description below as well. Now, if you're struggling at all with the recording phase of your videos, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch this video where I walk you through some of the easiest ways to start making better videos faster. So, go ahead and click the screen right there and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [5 likes]: Are you currently using a smartphone or a computer to edit your YouTube videos? 💻📱 Let me know below!
🔥Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video! Get 2 extra months free with annual plans for a limited-time only: https://storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
  2. @SSNewberry [2 likes]: What I would like is the bubble down in the corner while the rest of the screen is something else.
  3. @DirectingThaFrame [2 likes]: This channel has always been very informative
  4. @jeffhammerforteimpact [2 likes]: Love the vibe of this community. Authentic and high-value as always!
  5. @Grandmastr13 [1 likes]: 👇New creators gather here! 👇We will all succeed in the end
  6. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: Capcut is great just be aware of their prices. After you pay they crank up the prices for next year subscription. Anyone else experience this?
  7. @VirgoAnimalWhisperer: For us in the 60 year range could you slow down just a bit? I keep having to hit stop and rewind. I am new to this so I am getting lost. I speak fast too and when teaching I need to remember to slow down.
  8. @wordpresssmadesimple: Thank you this was very helpful
  9. @Rage_ReDefineD: What if you wanted to add a moving text/object behind you but in front of the background? basically so it looks like it's in the room with you.
  10. @SheilaReed-d8n: SUPERB tutorial
  11. @SheilaReed-d8n: Hi… I’m currently editing on my smartphone. But I do don’t much editing. I do use CapCut. Wanted to start doing different style videos which will need more editing. This is a great video. I’ll be saving this to use while I edit my next few with desktop. Thank you
  12. @8bitbeardco: On a Mac i need simple and quick and just use iMovie....built in and can do what I need to do for overlays and such.  Has great audio and coloring options also.  Keep it simple to keep moving forward.  Great video for CapCut!!!  Thanks for the tutorial.
  13. @LovingGelato2025: You just changed my whole life! I have not been able to find a you tube video that explains every little thing because i am a beginner and i dont have an iphone or a mac book. But i have been wanting to start a you tube channel for YEARS. So Thank you so much for this video! You have no idea! ❤❤
  14. @steeltownmike79: I use my cell phone to film the videos and I edit them on my cell phone with YouTube create
  15. @jose_ramon_777: SUPERB tutorial 💯 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
  16. @AC_17: With YouTube Editor, can you cut & trim a video that you didn't create? Thxs
  17. @GlitzGlamkre8: This is a amazingly detailed and easy to understand video. Thanks! I did not know u could export the whole files and toggle between files. Good to know!!!
  18. @archdude-eth: we need real world example step by step, for those who don't want to show there face at  all
  19. @DJSabastain68: CapCut,  steal your stuff. There's no copyright protection in CapCut.
  20. @AwakenedAngel707: Thank you for posting this video! Very helpful!

- How To Edit Videos For Youtube as Beginner in 2025 (STEP-BY-STEP): Kind: captions Language: en What if you could go from raw footage to publish YouTube video in under one hour without any editing experience? In today's video, I'm going to show you step by step how to edit your videos efficiently while still engaging your viewer. Whether you are a creator or a business owner, what I'm about to share with you will not only save you hundreds of thousands of dollars per month spent on editing fees, but also hundreds of hours that you're going to get back to actually film more videos to grow your channel. So, let's dive in. Now, in order for me to teach you how to edit videos, the tool that I'll be using is Descript. Now, I've been using Descript for the last couple of years. Some of my most popular videos were edited on Descript exclusively. And even now, as I have a professional video editor back on my team, we still use Descript as a huge part of our video editing process. Now, luckily for me, I've talked about them so much here on this channel. They actually reached out and they've agreed to sponsor this video. So, let me share my screen and show you my entire process on how I use Descript as my video editor of choice. [Music] Now, the first step of editing any video is your project setup and organization. So, what you're going to do over on Descript, you can see that I have tons of projects that I've done over the years. To keep myself organized, I've actually created a few folders. I've got my Instagram stories, shorts, and I have also got my YouTube videos. How you create these folders is you simply go into your workspace, and then you can create a new folder for YouTube videos specifically or whatever you're thinking of editing. Once you've created a new folder, the next step is to create a new project. In our case, it's going to be a video project. I'm going to name my creation, which is going to be the title I'm thinking of for my video. And then I'm going to load up my clips. Now, if you've watched any of my previous videos where I teach you how to film videos, my recommended method is to always film in sections. This basically means you say a few lines within your video up until what you can remember, then you stop record, then you film the next section. This is helpful because if you ever make a mistake, you can just go back to the last clip and delete it and you're not wasting a lot of space in your memory card and you're also not left with a one 3-hour long clip with tons of bloopers and mistakes. Now, if you are using this method, you likely will have a lot of clips that you need to drop into descript. So, let's do that right now. Now, what I typically do is I hold down the function key on my keyboard. I select all the clips and I drag it into my descript. What descript will now do is transcribe all of my videos. Once the script is done transcribing my video, it's going to look something like this. It's pretty much like a Google doc. And what I love about textbased editing specifically is I can just read my video, see exactly what I want to cut out, and then I can strike it out or I can just delete it with my keyboard to remove the entire section, and it's going to apply that edit on the actual video. But before I go ahead and manually edit this entire video, the very first step that I do as a foundation is I use Descript's AI tools to clean up my video first. And the very first feature that I tap into is removing retakes. So what I do is I go into Underlord and then I will select the entire script and select remove retakes. What this basically means is when I'm filming, I often have to repeat myself constantly because I'm trying to get that perfect take. That is a retake. Let me show you an example what it sounds like. Book reviews, maybe that's something that you're really passionate about. Book book and podcast review book reviews, maybe. Now, of course, you can manually edit out all your retakes yourself, but it does take quite some time. And as you can see here, there's about 1 hour of raw footage that I've uploaded into Descript. What I can do is by allowing Descript to remove all the retakes, I've now trimmed my video down to 48 minutes. And on the side here, you can see all of the retakes that Descript has uncovered. And as I scroll down on the side, you can see that the script has clearly removed all of those retakes for me. And if I were to show you the example I showed you earlier, this is what it sounds like now. Book reviews. Maybe through understanding your unique advantage, you're someone who really loves reading books and sharing what you've learned from those books. Once as many retakes has been removed from my video, the second feature that I tap into is removing filler words. So, I'll select all, go to Underlord, and then remove all of those extra words that I add in that don't make my video concise. These are the ums, the a's, the so, and the repetitive words that I typically do whenever I'm nervous being on camera. As you can see, Descript has now identified 71 filler words. And as I go through the script, you can also see that it's highlighted those words for me, like kind of, so, and so I'm going to remove all of them. And you can see that it's trimmed my video a little bit more. Now, the third feature I tap into, which is my favorite feature, is removing word gaps. A lot of times when I'm filming, I actually speak very slowly because I'm trying to think about what I want to say next. Here's an example of what that looks like. So, when I do send them over to my video editor, she's not combing through hours and hours of bloopers, and I'm also not taking up too much space on my memory card. So when I do send them over to my video editor, she's not combing through hours and hours of bloopers, and I'm also not taking up too much space on my memory card. Now, of course, these breaths and these big pauses in between my words don't make my video more concise. In fact, it makes it a lot longer, and it's hard to retain my viewer. And so what I'll do is I'll select my entire script, head to Underlord, and then shorten word gaps. Now, you can set the seconds. For instance, I could do shorten any word gap more than 5 seconds, and the script has now identified 42 gaps. But what I like to do because I like my videos a little bit more fast-paced and engaging is I'll do 0.1 seconds. And as you can see now, Descript has identified 421 sections where there's a gap longer than 0.1 seconds. So right now my raw footage is 48 minutes. And when I shorten all of these gaps, it's now 36 minutes. So, with these three features alone, that literally took me less than two minutes to apply, I've now trimmed down my raw footage from 1 hour down to 36 minutes. That's pretty much half of the video already automatically deleted in just a few clicks. This is now going to make my manual editing process so much easier. Now, for me personally, removing my retakes, filler words, and word gaps is more than enough to get me started with manually editing my video. But there is an extra step that I like using if I ever forgot to use my professional microphone or if I'm filming on my iPhone and I notice that it's really echoey. I also use this feature if I'm filming outside and the audio just isn't great. And that is using the studio sound feature. So I have a clip right here that's filmed on my iPhone and I don't really like how echoey it sounds. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to click studio sound. What this basically will do is automatically clean up my audio and make it sound like I have a professional microphone. Let me show you the difference. Now, if you want to take this exercise a step further, I recommend that you actually ask Chachi PT based on the stories I've told you so far, how would you describe me as a person? Now, if you want to take this exercise a step further, I recommend that you actually ask Chachi PT based on the stories I've told you so far, how would you describe me as a person? Now, if you don't like how it sounds, you can always modify it by clicking on the effect settings and then turning down the intensity to whatever you like. I think that this is a perfect solution, and I hope it helps you as much as it's helped me. Now, once you've automatically trimmed down your raw footage, thanks to Descript's AI tools, the next step is to actually manually review your video. This is important because maybe Descript missed a few things or there are certain sections in your video that you actually don't want in your video anymore. This happens to me all the time because I talk a lot in my raw footage and then when I review the video, I'm like, "Wait a second, I already said that, so let me just delete it." And so, how I do this in the most efficient way possible is over on descript at the bottom here, you can actually watch your video in 2x or 3x speed. In my case, I like to watch it in 2x speed because it's just fast enough to be efficient, but slow enough so that I can still catch the little mistakes. Now, the first thing that you can do to make your video more engaging is whenever there's a certain point that you want to make or you want to emphasize, you want to have text and maybe a sound effect so that your viewer can retain the information. Now, I'm going to show you how you can do this advanced edit easily using Descript. If I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year, so in the intro of this video, I say if I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year, this is what I would do. Now, I want to emphasize the word absolute zero. So, what I'm going to do is highlight absolute zero. Head over to Underlord and then type in text and insert text. Then I'm going to type in absolute. I'm going to change the font. And by the way, you can also upload custom fonts into Descript if you have a very specific brand guideline. In my case, I've already done that. So, I'm going to use my font. You can also change the size, whether that's making it smaller or bigger. Now, I also want the word zero to show up. So, I'm going to take this text, copy and paste, and then trim it until it hits zero. And this is why I like to script so much because it is textbased editing. I can just read rather than replay the same thing over and over again. And then over here, I'm going to write zero. So, if I were to play, it would look something like this. Absolute zero. Now, this is fine and you can keep it that way, but I actually want to take it a step further and I want the text to be behind my body. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to select the section that I want to be behind my body. And you can see here with the slashes that descript has made it its own separate clip. I'm then going to select it and hit copy. And then I'm going to paste. And now it's added as a layer and it's actually covering my title. But what I'm going to do now is I'm going to select this layer, then head over to visual effects, and then hit green screen. What it's going to do is it's actually going to remove the background of that layer. So now when I play it, it's going to look something like this. Absolute zeros. As you can see, the text is now behind my body. This is a much more advanced edit that people typically do on Final Cut Pro or Adobe Premiere, but you can easily do that in Descript. Now, to take it a step further, I really want to emphasize this point even more. So, I'm going to add sound effects. You want to use this sparingly in your video, especially for points you really want to emphasize. I usually use the most sound effects in my hook so that I capture people's attention in the first 15 seconds. So, what I'm going to do is I want a sound effect to show up when it says absolute zero. So, I'm going to select the area that I want my sound effect to go in. Then, I'm going to rightclick and then add layer. I'm going to go down and click on sound effects. Descript has a whole library of sound effects that you can use. I kind of looking for a whoosh sound. So, I'm going to search up whoosh. Descript has given me a lot of options. So, I'm going to listen to them right now. All right. The first one is already perfect. So, I'm going to hit this plus button and add it to my project. And now it's added it to the section that I want. But I also want to hear this sound effect when it says zero. So, I'm just going to trim it. And then I'm going to copy using my keyboard and then paste. And then align it. So, now let's see what this sounds like. If I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year, knowing everything I know. Now, so far in this video, I hope it's really clear why I like to script so much and why I recommend it to all my friends. because so far I haven't needed to leave the script at all for any of the things that I've been doing. Now you can watch your entire video and start adding text and sound effects. But the next thing that I want to do is I actually want to leverage that green screen feature that I showed you earlier. So in this hook I say if I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year knowing everything I know now after 7 years of building my own YouTube channel. When I say after 7 years of building my own YouTube channel, I really want to show the library of videos that I've done. kind of like this edit right here. After 7 years of building my own channel to nearly a million subscribers. So, what I'm going to do is for the section I want to isolate and make into a green screen, I'm going to hit the slash button on my keyboard for where I want the clip to start and then hit the slash button again for where I want the clip to end. What you've noticed on the side here is the scripts actually isolated that into its own clip. This way, whatever edits I apply don't bleed into the other clips that I don't necessarily want the edit in. Then I'm going to highlight this section and go to Underlord and click on green screen again. Now it's basically removed the background. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go over to the Descript homepage and click on record. Then I'm going to record screen. Now it's going to have this window show up where you can see my webcam. I'm just going to turn off my webcam because I don't need that. Technically I could also turn off my microphone as well. I'm just going to leave it on. And then I can choose whether or not I want to share screen my entire screen or a specific window. In my case, I'm just going to show the window that shows my YouTube channel. And then I'm going to hit record. So now I'm recording my YouTube channel and I'm just going to slowly scroll down to show all the videos that I've ever done. And then I'm going to hit stop. So now that I've got my recording, it's going to be in my projects within Descript as you can see right now. And you can now see the screen share that I did. I'm going to export this. And rather than loading it to the web, I'm just going to do a local export and save it to my computer. And now, since I've turned on green screen for this specific section, meaning that when I play the video, only that section has no background like this. Everything I know now after 7 years of building my own channel to nearly a million subscribers. There are eight. What I'm going to do is select this section, rightclick, and then add a layer. Click on files. Add files. and then add the screen share that I just made. Then click add new layer. So now that I've added this as a layer, when I click on it, it's actually covering me. So I'm going to rightclick layer order and then bring it to the back. Now I'm actually in front of this screen recording. And now this is what it looks like. Everything I know now after 7 years of million subscribers. As you can see, the green screen feature is amazing because it basically removes everything in the background and makes your video look less amateur and way more professional, even though you have no video editing experience like me. Now, of course, it's not perfect because it did cut out my drink, but you're usually not drinking something when you're talking. So, you should be fine. If I also wanted to move my body, I totally could. And this is how we do a lot of our screen share tutorials. The next edit that you can do to make your video more engaging is do a zoomin effect. I noticed that in the beginning of my intro, it's looking a little bare. So, when I say if I were to start a new YouTube channel, I kind of want it to zoom into my face for emphasis. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to select the parts that I want to add that animation. And then I'm going to click on layer, click on animation, and it will give me the custom option. And then down here, you're going to see key frames. You're going to see the first diamond and the second diamond. Now, the first diamond is where you want the animation to start. You can always move this around. In my case, I'm going to leave it to the front. And then the last diamond is where you want the animation to end. In my case, I want the zoom to end when I say channel. Now, once I click on the last diamond, I'm now going to increase the zoom of my video. This is going to be where I want the zoom to stop. I want it to stop closer to my face like this. Now, this is what it's going to look like when I play the video. If I were to absolute zero. Now, if you prefer a more choppier zoom, which is a very popular style among YouTubers, you can do that, too. So, let's say I want this year to zoom into my face in a very choppy way, I'm going to make sure that when I select this, I'm going to hit the dash button so that it isolates that frame. And then for year, I'm going to do the same thing. Now, for the scene where I say this, I'm going to click on my scene and then drag it slightly. I'm going to use the markers to still make sure I'm center. And then I'm going to do the same thing for year, but I'm going to make it even more close. And again, make sure that I am center. So now this is what it's going to look like. If I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year, knowing everything I know now after 7 years of building my own channel. Now, let's say you want to edit your video like a pro, but you really don't have a lot of time. I want to introduce you to one of my favorite features, and that is the layout feature. So, in my hook right here, I say that there are eight specific things that I would do differently to cut your growth time in half. When I say that there are eight specific things, I kind of want a list to show up. So, for the part that I want to have a specific animation on, I'm just going to click on the dash button on my keyboard to isolate that clip. And then I'm going to highlight this section. Then, I'm going to click on scene. And there is a button right here that says layout. And you can choose different types of edits. So, for example, I could choose an intro edit and it's going to automatically put the intro there. I could also add quotes if I want. So, it's going to look something like this. Subscribers. There are eight specific things that I would but for me personally, I really want to create a list. So, I'm going to head over here and there's a list option. There's also five more options that I can choose within the list feature. So, for example, I could do this one where when I talk it's going to automatically show this. There are eight specific. In my case, I really like this simple style. Now, obviously, there are three items in this list. And in my case, there are eight that I want to mention. So, I'm just going to quickly edit this. I can also change the background color. So, now this is what it's going to look like. Subscribers, there are eight specific things that I would do. Now, I don't know about you, but that looks pretty professional to me, and it only took me a couple seconds to make. Now, obviously, if I was actually editing this video for real, I wouldn't give all eight tips away in the first 15 seconds of my video, but I really wanted to show you this really cool layout feature that Descript has so that you can edit like a pro even though you may not have the experience. I also say I'm going to share the exact blueprint. So, I'm going to highlight this and then choose another layout. Now, with this template, it looks something like this. And in this video, I'm going to share the ex. And I love that it visualizes that blueprint. Now, Descript has added placeholders. So, I'm just going to click here and then add media. There are so many sources that I can choose from. I'm just going to keep it simple and use the stock media that Descript has to offer. Over here, I'm going to do a bullseye sticker. I'm going to choose this one right here. What I can also do when I add media is generate an image using AI laptop with YouTube logo on top. As you can see, it's generated those images. I'm going to pick this one and then drag it into the placeholder. And then for my last media, I'm going to go back to the stock media that the script has. And then I'm just going to click another sticker and add it inside. I'm going to quickly change the text just so you guys can see. And now this is what it looks like. And in this video, I'm going to share the exact blueprint. Now, as you can see, the layout feature is perfect for those of you who want to have professional videos, but you don't necessarily have the experience or time like I do. These edits literally took me just a couple seconds to make and the impact is quite impressive. Now, of course, I'm only doing it really quickly for the sake of teaching you how to do it, but when you actually spend some time on it, it's going to look 10 times better than what I just made. The next edit to do to make your video more engaging is obviously adding some B-roll. I do this a lot in my videos because generally I'm always talking to the camera and if you only looked at me with very little visual, you would likely get bored and click out of the video. And so how you can add B-roll to your video is for the section you want to add an extra visual for. In my case, I want to put a video that shows up when I say that I would do different to cut your growth time in half. I'm going to select it. Then I'm going to click on add layer. And then I'm going to click on files and add files. This is where I'm going to add any B-roll that I have. And by the way, how I explain B-roll is it's basically not your main talking head video. It's all the additional clips that you may be adding to create more visual appeal and make your video more engaging. In my case, I have this BO right here where I'm feeling frustrated on my laptop. So, I'm going to click on add new layer, and it's going to put it specifically in the section that I highlighted. I'm going to click on layer and make sure that my audio is muted because I don't want it to play while I'm talking. And now, this is what it looks like. Subscribers, there are eight specific things that I would do different to cut your growth time in half. And in this video, I'm going to share with you. Now, the next edit that I've noticed some YouTubers doing is adding captions to their video. Now, this is a hit or miss for some viewers, but I've seen some YouTubers do it. And how you can do it on Descript is you can just highlight the part that you want to turn into a caption. Then you click on Underlord and type in caption, then click insert. And now you have those captions. Again, you can always change the size, the font, however you want, including the colors. So now this is what it looks like. blueprint, including the one mistake that 90% of new YouTubers are making that are keeping their channels stuck. Now, within these captions, you can also add animations. So, if I click on the caption and I click on animation, I can click on in and then have it slide in. And what that would look like is something like this. So, that's a pretty cool effect. And if you want your words to show up one at a time, you can just make this shorter. And now it's going to look something like this. including the one mistake that 90% of new YouTubers are making. Now, personally, I think that this type of edit is more suited for short form content. And again, you can always change the font, the size, and all the styles. But I just wanted to show you that this is something that you can do on script. Now, so far in this video, I've shown you a few solid edits that you can apply throughout your videos. So, let's look at my intro and see what we've done so far. If I were to start a new YouTube years of building my own channel to nearly a million subscribers, there are eight specific things that I would do different to cut your growth time in half. And in this video, I'm going to share the exact blueprint, including the one mistake that 90% of new YouTubers are making that are keeping their channels stuck. So, that is not bad. Obviously, I could do more, but the next thing I want to do is create an actual transition into the rest of my video. So, how I'm envisioning this transition is something like this, where I'm typing out what the next phase is. So, let's see if I can replicate this on script. Now, before I show you something that's a little bit more advanced, the easiest way to create a transition is you can just click on the section that you want to have the transition and then on the side here under scene, just click on add transitions and then in. And now you have a lot of different options to choose from. I think the one I use the most is cross zoom. And so this is what it looks like. Panels stuck. The first thing that I would and if you've been loyal to my channel, you've probably seen that transition many times. So, what I'm going to do is in that section where I want to add that transition over on my keyboard, I'm just going to hit the enter bar and then click on add scenes. Now, it's created this nice space in my timeline based on the animation that I want to achieve. My background is meant to be a different color. So, I'm going to make it white. And then, I did head over to my YouTube channel and screenshotted my username and profile picture. So, I'm going to add that image that I screenshotted by adding a new layer. I'm going to click on files, add files, and then add that screenshot that I took. Add new layer. So, now it's there. I'm going to make it a bit smaller. Now, I don't want all of this information here. So, I'm going to rightclick, add another layer, but this time I'm going to add a shape. Specifically, I'm going to do a rectangle. And luckily, it's already white. So, I'm just going to cover that part. Now, it looks something like this. Channels stuck. Now, I have to add my text. So, I'm going to head over to Underlord, insert text, and then I'm going to add my tip. So, now it looks something like this. But I kind of want to add an extra animation where it looks like I'm typing the tip in. So, what I'm going to do is click on my text and then click on animation. And the animation I want is appear. So, it's going to look something like this, which is perfect. This is the exact effect that I want, but I do want it to sound like someone's typing it. So, I'm going to rightclick, add layer again, and this time add a sound effect, and search up typing. And as you can see, there are tons of options that I can choose from. Let's listen to the first one. I think that's perfect. I'm going to add it in. I'm going to make sure it's trimmed so that it's only showing up during the section that I want. And now, let's see what my transition looks like. Stuck. I think that's perfect. I do think it's a bit long. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to trim it in. And I'm also going to make sure that my sound effect is also trimmed as well. Keeping their channels stuck. The first thing that Perfect. Now, as you're editing your video, you may notice that you forgot to say something that you realize now is very important. That happens to me all the time. And my little hack is just filming those extra bits on my iPhone and then putting it into my video. I've never had anyone complain about it. And if anything, I actually find that people really like it because it adds a little bit more authenticity and relatability to your video. And in my case, I did forget to say something really important. So, I'm going to add that extra clip inside. How you do that is the area that you want to add the clip, you just want to hit the enter bar in your space bar. And then now you have the option to add a file. So, now I've added that extra clip that I filmed on my iPhone. Now, Descript has now transcribed my video and I already went ahead and automatically removed all the retakes and all of my word gaps. So, what I want to do because it is so different from the rest of my video, I kind of want to make it obvious that this wasn't a mistake. This was intentional. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to select this entire section. And then what I'm going to do is head over to elements. And as I scroll down, I notice that there's a lot of frame options that I can choose from. And I want to add this camcorder frame. And now I've got this really cute border around my iPhone footage. I am going to turn on studio sound for my iPhone footage. Now, this is what it looks like. you might not even like or want. Now, if you want to take this exercise a step further, I recommend that you actually Isn't that so cute? And again, I didn't have to leave the script to even find that border image. Now, so far, I think I've counted at least 30 different things that you can do to your video to make it more engaging. So, one last time, let's review all of the edits by watching my intro. If I were to start a new YouTube channel from absolute zero this year, knowing everything I know now after seven years of building my own channel to nearly a million subscribers, going to share the exact blueprint, keeping their channels stuck. Now, of course, all of these things you can apply throughout your video, but we don't stop there because there are so many things that Descript can also do beyond just editing your clips. For example, once you're happy with your video, you can actually use Descript to come up with your video title. You can also head over to Underlord and type in YouTube tags and then it's going to come up with a list of search optimized keywords based on the script of your video. What I like to do is follow up and tell Underlord to stay within the 500 character limit for the entire list of keywords. Now I have an entire list of keywords that I can paste directly into my YouTube studio. To take it a step further under publish, you can also automatically draft your YouTube description. And what I like to do is under custom instructions, paste that exact list of keywords that I just generated. This way the description that I get is keyword stuffed. And what I love is that descript will automatically generate the chapters as well. This is great because so far I haven't really needed to leave Descript at all. Now, when it comes to uploading your actual video, you can export your video and then download it to your computer in 4K and then upload to YouTube manually. Or you can also use Descript, link it to your YouTube account, and then have Descript upload it directly to YouTube for you. Even though you've uploaded your YouTube video, you can also use Descript to promote your video. So, if you're someone who has a newsletter or a blog post, you can easily have Descript create a blog post for you. And when I did it for my video, I was absolutely shocked because it was pretty high quality. Not only this, if you're someone that's into repurposing your long- form videos like I am, there are two ways to do it. If you see a section that you really want to turn into a short form piece of content, just select what you want and then create a new composition. Within that new composition, you can then adjust the ratio and the sizing and then add captions of your choice. This is how I've done a lot of my repurposed videos. But if you want this completely automated and you don't have a lot of time, you can get Descript to do this, too. All you have to do is select create clips. Tell Descript the amount of clips that you want and the duration that you want. You also have the option to add these layouts as well or just keep it plain and simple. If you want to refine it further, you can also give Descript a little bit more direction. But what Descript will ultimately do is pitch you the ideas that it has. And then if you like it, you can click on it and simply review it. Again, this all takes less than 30 seconds to do. And remember, if you don't like the templates that they have, you can easily modify the text, the font, the colors, everything of your choice. For me personally, even though I showed you step-by-step how to make YouTube videos, I've used a script to host interviews with their rooms feature. I've edited short form content for both my personal brand business and my physical product business. And I also use their screen recording feature almost every day. Whether that's creating screen recordings for my YouTube videos or just creating casual ones to share with my team. Now, if you're interested in trying Descript, I highly recommend that you sign up for their 30-day free trial. I'm going to put the link and the code in my description box and in my comment section below. As always, guys, I appreciate you. And if you like this video, I highly recommend that you watch this video next where I cover my entire YouTube workflow from planning to filming, scripting, editing, and so much more. I hope you have a great day and I will see you in this one next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaLau [41 likes]: Try descript here: https://get.descript.com/vanessalau072025 … (unfortunately the 30 day free trial code is no longer valid!) Which editing feature did you like the best and which one will you try yourself!? Let me know in the comments and hope this video helps!
  2. @happy2behere: Thank you thank you thank yuo
  3. @ZainabAhmad-e6b: The idea is exactly what I needed I learned a lot from it.
  4. @leylalailatul: This tutorial is worth sharing I did not expect it to be this good.
  5. @nazeckbooley990: Good video honestly but just way too fast for beginners.
  6. @virginiasanchez4480: Easy???im sorry but is nothing made easy about this video is good but not for a beginner🙉🙉🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
  7. @Nickie_421: Thank you
  8. @owe1255: You can't imagine how helpful this tutorial is to me. Starting a youtube channel seems so intimidating but you have made editing so easy!!! Thank you so much!
  9. @shivangiijhaofficial: This is such a great tutorial 🎉 they’ll definitely hire you 😅
  10. @Jellybean-vc6wm: Hearing you do the retakes is reassuring because I thought I’m just stupid doing that 😂😂
  11. @margiemiguel8878: ... that I would do *differentLY

Why are native speakers losing the -LY? Just curious 🤔
  12. @ObjectiveComplete: how to edit videos "I have a professional video editor" 0:37
  13. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly mi ha dato la credibilità che cercavo. Quando le persone vedono un profilo con tanti follower attivi, si fidano di più. Ora il mio business online va alla grande grazie a questa fiducia costruita.
  14. @CrimsonCreationsCo: My husband and I started vlogging our trips and fun stuff so I don’t have 1 video all in 1 take I have multiple clips. Am I able to upload them all and it make the original video to edit ? Sorry hope I made sense the way I typed that.
  15. @michyribs: Amazing video! Thank you so much!!❤
  16. @from-that-place: This was sooo helpful - thank you!!
  17. @martac5964: Such a great video :) Installed Descript already :face-red-heart-shape:
  18. @mjoseraymund: thanks for this video!
  19. @equalitydignityandhumanity: Do like sher
  20. @FromAtoZinc: so helpful!

- 4 Editing Secrets Small Channels Learn Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en - Let's talk about editing. (singing) Editing, editing, editing! Let's talk about editing. (mouse clicks) Hi, thanks for coming to my channel, where I teach people guitar things that wanna learn about guitar. If this video helps, please make sure to hit, no! This guy is a brand new creator. Let's call him John Scott. Now, John here started a channel. He had a video idea and most importantly, he hit record, but John has one problem. He's boring. Hey! More importantly, his videos are boring, but he's about to change all that. I am? In the next few minutes, John's audience will go from watching 3% of his videos to 60% of his videos, which it's a pretty big number for him because he's so boring! The first thing John needs to do is focus on something that we've talked a lot about here at vidIQ, but it's my version of it. Can you guess what it is? (screen whooshing dramatically) - Don't you dare make this a fishing hook! (screen whooshing) All right, then. - Now, a hook is super important, but a hook gets made in the writing process. But this video is about editing. Guys! Let's talk about something I call visual hooks. You know how when you hover over videos on YouTube, it'll start playing the video without audio? Consider that moment the opportunity for a visual hook. For example, the beginning of this video, the visual hook was a barbershop quartet all harmonizing with each other while the written hook was about how John Scott got viewers to. Oh my God, John! There are all kinds of ways to do visual hooks and all the best creators use them. Sometimes, creators can even get big enough to where their face becomes a visual hook in itself. Now, let's take a look and see how John applied what he learned about visual hooks. (guitar playing) (mouse clicking) Groovy. Let's learn how to play it. Groovy indeed. John used his backyard, a scene change, some creative camera angles, and even a little lens flare to give his intro some pizzaz. He even did it without going over the top. Visual hooks don't always need to be flashy. They just need to catch the eye and keep attention. Besides, John's video is about guitar education, so it's not like a Mr. Beast style intro would work here. I'm gonna teach you how to play this chord progression and if you can figure it out before this timer gets to zero, then you'll have learned something new! (dramatic whooshing) Visual hooks. All right, next. Okay, so you put your index finger on all the four frets, on all the strings on the fourth fret. Stop! (sighs) John, I would hate to be a beginner guitar player. Why? Because this is the moment that I would quit. No offense. None taken? The next thing John needs to know about is simple cuts. specifically two types of cuts. I am saying something and now, I'm saying something else. What the camera did right there, that was a cut-in and this is a cut-back or a cut-out. I like to say cut back because it's like you cut back to where you just were, you know? Okay. These two little cuts can help emphasize a point, create momentum, and most importantly, keep the viewers' attention. There are a bunch of other different types of cuts, which I'll go into in another video, but for now, just to keep things fresh, cut-in, cut-back. Simple cuts out of the way. Now, we're onto simple moves. When you involve motion, that's when things get real not boring. This is a push in. This is a pull out. This is a pan. This is a zoom. These ain't your grandfather's camera movements! Technology is wonderful, and even if we didn't move the camera when we were recording, we can animate it when we're editing. You see this little handheld movement I got going on here? Ain't nobody holding that camera. So now that we've learned about some simple cuts in motion, let's take a look and see how John has made it work for him. So it starts with a bar on the fourth fret while muting the top string with your index finger like so. Then use your ring finger to hammer on the sixth fret of the D string and your middle finger to hammer on the fifth fret of the B string. This shot right here brings me to my next point. It's really important for John intermingle different types of footage so the viewer doesn't have to struggle with seeing his face so much. Since John's video is more of a hands-on tutorial, most of his footage would be considered A-roll or primary footage. It's the content that carries the message of the video. But what about B-roll, you ask? Or is there a C-roll or E-roll or T-roll? (soft dramatic music) Well, it kind of depends on the video type. See, the video you're watching right now is more of a educational entertainment type, so B-roll works really well in these types of videos. I could be explaining how when it comes to content creation, there are so many ways to express yourself and make your mark on YouTube. The world is your oyster! All that footage right there, that was B-roll. B-roll is footage used to add depth and keep the audience engaged by breaking up the monotony of the A-roll. But keep in mind, there's no need to overcomplicate it. If it doesn't fit, don't use it. But if it does fit, take the opportunity to mix up your footage so it keeps your viewers interested. So, now that we've learned all these things, let's check in on John and see how he's doing. (soft upbeat guitar music) John? Okay, well, maybe he's out celebrating all that new watch time. I don't know. Speaking of which, the last video that I did for vidIQ, I implemented all these tips and it killed and I would love it if you would go check it out and comment when you see something that I've mentioned here. Be like, "Hey, John, I see what you did there. I saw what you did. I know the things that you know. I know these things that you know. I do these things that you do. I learned these things from you and now I do them in my video." Thief! (door closing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [98 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @TheFatCatReport [1 likes]: i like this guy
  3. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  4. @PemaTenzinThinleyPTTgamingff: nic tip!
  5. @GlitzGlamkre8: Great editing!! I can’t wait to learn more😄
  6. @dairyshot221: The concept of visual hooks is so important for capturing attention right from the start, Using simple cuts and varied footage really makes a massive difference in keeping a tutorial engaging🎥🎸🚀
  7. @hallowandhearth: Watching this in April 2026
  8. @janmegela1782: Well done man, well explained and engaging. Really TOP work.
  9. @iHuddv: what happens when your retention isn't the problem just engagement is..

eg. most of my videos get over 100% retention but low engagement so youtube stops pushing it
  10. @frankmartinez2987: Okay, only 90 seconds in and I’m subscribing. Thanks!
  11. @Flicksy11: Dont use the Lord's name in vain
  12. @ishowupdaily1: Watching in 2026 just found the channel 🎉😊 and it's amazing
  13. @haocapitalx2: I love you
  14. @melkerandlefin9324: New creator, looking to hire someone to make real edits. I think we could do some big things. Who and where can i go? I don't edit myself cuz i dont have software, and dont wanna spend 5 years learning lmao
  15. @the4kTvWindow: This video is underrated
  16. @VoidRantYT: thank YOU!
  17. @TheAnimalFactArchive: More like this 😮
  18. @mattbarroccu9690: where did John go? Where's his channel?
  19. @DreamingofBirdiesGolf: Really enjoyed this one, any tips on verbal cues said before sections of video to keep things in order while editing? Working on getting better at golf content videos, but spending lots of time organizing clips before editing.
  20. @ItzLoomie: im not gonna lie bro i just clicked off somewhere at the middle, just so much unnecessary water, get to the point 😭

- what I've learned creating better vlogs & how I edit for youtube: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi guys, welcome or welcome back to the channel. So, today we're going to be finishing up this minieries that I started in celebration of me hitting my one year here on YouTube, where I've just been sharing all the stuff that I've learned this past year when it comes to YouTube vlogging. We already covered part one, which is my filming process and how I film all the vlogs here that you guys see on my channel. And today, we're going to be covering part two, where I'm going to be talking with you guys on my editing process and how I go about structuring my vlogs. So, I highly recommend you guys go watch part one, also because I want to make sure you guys have some good footage to work off of for the sake of this video. Also, I did want to mention that I do have a full guide up that walks you through my entire YouTube process from the planning to the filming to the editing to the uploading stage. So, pretty much if you follow the guide exactly step by step, you should have a full YouTube video uploaded and then you'll be able to start the process all over again. I know how frustrating it can be to want to vlog and to share your life and like feel like nothing ever takes off. So, in the guide, I really wanted to hone in on what is that like underlying structure and foundation so that you're not just randomly throwing things together. and that should help create a vlog that doesn't take, you know, years for it to take off. Included in the guide is this like millote template that is the exact template that I use to plan out every single one of my vlogs that you guys see here on my channel. But something that I did want to mention that changed from part one is I also have like a separate listing of just the template by itself. I wanted to make the template available for those of you who already kind of know what you're doing. You know what you like to film and you just want like a little bit more structure and you just want to jump in and figure it out as you go. I think that is great and I think the template by itself is perfect for you. Then I just want to stress this point because I don't want you guys to accidentally purchase both. Guide still comes with the millote template. You'll have a download link to the PDF guide and then a direct link to the Millanote template. But there is a separate listing for the template itself. So just make sure to watch out for that. You either are getting both of them or you're just getting the Millote template by itself. I hope that makes sense. Let me know if you guys have any questions. And with that, let's finally start talking about my editing process for YouTube. The first thing that I want to talk about is how I like to structure my vlogs. Oftentimes people think that vlogs don't have any inherent structure, but I don't think that's correct at all. I think if you're like a nerd like me and you actually take time to like break down people's vlogs, you'll notice that there's actually a very consistent pattern. And I did want to quickly mention it's going to depend very heavily on how you filmed your footage. If you don't have a lot of clips to begin with and on top of that, a lot of variety to your clips. Like you're just kind of filming like a talking head like this constantly back to back. Like you're not going to be able to really work with that or make it any more interesting than how you filmed it. So, the first step in how I structure my vlogs is I like to start with my key scenes. And those key scenes of you talking with whatever you're going through or sharing like some kind of experience are probably like where your main value to the video is. It's like the meat of your video that you're just trying to share with the YouTube world or to like an audience. So, when I start to edit, I actually like to tackle this first just to make sure I'm staying consistent with like whatever topic or theme that I'm going with for this particular vlog. To give you guys an example, I'm actually going to break down one of my vlogs and we'll do this one, which was my job search routine vlog. Pretty much my key scenes for this vlog was my job app tracker where I had like made like a notion template and I gave you guys like a little bit of a walkthrough day's agenda, why I was looking for a job in the first place and then what job I'm looking for and just like thoughts being 26 and just how this whole season has kind of been. And I think that's just pretty much how I closed out the video. As you can kind of see, each one of those told like a very definitive story that was tied to this overarching topic of job searching. And I just find it really helpful that when I'm editing that I start with my key scenes because it just ensures that my video is staying on topic and that little by little we're progressing the story and really getting somewhere. Not that you need to like have some sort of like conclusion to your vlog, but you know, you want to keep with this idea of pacing and just keeping things moving and keeping things interesting. So, the next step is to add transitions in between your key scenes. My transitions are often like my B-roll sequences. If you didn't film many extra clips like this, obviously you're not going to be able to sprinkle them in between. And I'm not saying this is like the completely right way to go about vlogging. This is just like how I go about it. But the way that I see it is overall it really does help with like your video's pacing if you have these transitional elements that kind of break up your talking points. Even though your talking points and your key scenes are like the meat of your video and probably where you're providing maybe like the most value. I also think it's just as important for you to show things instead of just talking about them. That just makes it feel as realistic as possible. And honestly, that's probably like the point of a vlog. Like yes, it is important to share your thoughts, share your ideas and your experiences and whatever you're going through, but it's just as important to show you actually doing it, show you actually experiencing those things and like working towards whatever it is. So, I think the way that I like to think about it, especially in my filming process, is I ask myself, what are pieces of this video that I can talk about versus what are those things that I can actually show and that be a lot more compelling. On top of layering in these transitional clips in between my key scenes, this is also where I layer in music as well, just because obviously I'm not talking in these transitional elements. So, I think music plays a bit of a bigger role. The few things that I would say about music is just make sure that it matches the vibe of your clip. Like, if you're, I don't know, working on something that like maybe isn't the most pleasant thing. You probably don't want to layer in like a very happy upbeat song. The other thing that I'll say about music is make sure that you match your clips to the beat or just like the flow of the song. like don't be lazy and just like layer on the music and then just like be kind of sloppy with how you structure your like transitional B-roll clips. And I personally think that when you match your clips to the beat of whatever song you're using, it looks very nice visually. It's just like a way nicer experience. It doesn't feel like this section is kind of like a waste of time. And honestly, the point of the transition is to help you lead into that next talking point. So you just like want to make that as smooth as possible. So I hope that makes sense. Going back to our example of my job search routine vlog, I think the transitional sequences that I had layered into that video were me actually showing me use my notion template and applying to a few jobs. I think I had this like super short transition of just me hopping into my car before I went into that talking sequence. And then I had a longer transitional sequence where I actually went and visited one of my friends. She has like the most adorable little baby. And I just edited this longer transitional sequence of me hanging out with them and just taking a little break from job searching for that day. So, I feel like if you put all those together like with my talking sequences, it just makes for a more interesting vlog. Like something you guys can think about as you're trying to like sequence and like figure out where exactly you should put those transitions. Just like think about the viewer and like how you want them to experience going through this entire thing with you and just like how throughout the course of the video can you visually walk them through that exact process instead of just simply telling them about it. And also something to take note of is these transitional sequences like don't need to be super duper long. when I went to my friend's place, like I really wanted to show that moment of slowness and just like peacefulness while I was like playing with her baby. But I feel like I only really needed that very quick transition into my car because I just wanted to jump into the topic and talk with you guys almost like I was on FaceTime to share my immediate thoughts about how the job search has been. So, I hope that makes sense. And I think what really helps me is like planning and plotting these kinds of transitional sequences out, which I actually do cover a lot more heavily in my guide, specifically in the planning section. From here, I actually like to go back to the beginning and work on my intro slash like trailer sequence. In general, out of like all the vlogs that I've seen, a lot of creators like tend to give like a preview of like the rest of the vlog. I have tried that before. I personally don't really like it. This is just like my own personal take, but I feel like when you put like backtoback clips of random parts of your vlog and then you like jump to your intro, I just feel like that's very jarring. I just prefer for my vlogs just like really easing the viewer into it. And I mean, if you think about a movie, you don't really like get a preview of like the entire movie and then like jump back to the beginning. Most of the time in a movie, they really try to like set the scene, almost like warm the audience up to the rest of the film. And that's pretty much what I did for the beginning of this video. I know it might seem a little bit extra. I just find it really immerses my viewers into my space to kind of like slowly welcome them before I even say anything. At this point, you should basically have like most of your video or at least the structure itself pretty set. But one last thing that you can add to your video structure are some video overlays. So if you watch part one, and maybe it might be the case in this video, I'm not really sure. You probably noticed that as I was talking, it would cut into these videos or like these scenes where I would kind of like show you what I was talking about. Not saying it like 100% definitely is, but I feel like it can get a little bit boring when you're just like talking through something for like 5 minutes straight and the only scene is just you talking to the camera. On top of that, what I find really valuable when you layer on these video overlays on top of your key scenes or your talking sequences is this idea that you're actually talking and showing at the same time. This is like the only place where you're doing both. So, I think that's really helpful. Not only because it adds a lot of visual variety and helps with pacing, but also I feel like depending on what you're talking about, it helps you feel maybe a little bit more reputable because you're actually backing up the things that you're talking about by showing it simultaneously. So, that's pretty much how I structure my blogs. Again, you want to make sure you have quite a variety to your footage because it's going to be really hard to structure your vlogs in this way if you don't have a lot of clips to choose from. And the next topic that I want to talk about is how to add in your own style, branding, and personality while you're editing. I think fonts are more than enough to add your own personality and flare to your videos. Just because it stems from this overarching idea of like typography, like different fonts evoke different emotions and different vibes. I feel like there are two ways that you can approach fonts and how you want to utilize them in your YouTube video. I tend to kind of like mix the both of them, but the first way is finding a font that like matches whatever video that you film. So, to go back to my job search routine vlog, I feel like that video was a little bit more serious. So, instead of like a really playful font that you guys are probably really familiar with on my channel, I decided to use instead this like super clean, neat Sarah font, like you could almost use this font on like a resume or something like that. And I just felt like it matched this very clean nature of this particular vlog. But on top of that, in this video, I also included a second font. And this is like the second way I like to go about fonts where I try to choose something that showcases a little bit more of my own personality. I'm such an open book, but like you kind of have to break through that like first really tough exterior. So like internally, I feel like I have a lot of thoughts. I'm a pretty silly person, but I'm just like really bad at externally showing these things. So I really love choosing handwritten fonts, which is exactly what I did in this job search routine video, because I feel like if I had just stuck with like the plain Sarah font, it would have made the video feel very rigid. But I added this really cute handwritten font to kind of like show you guys like what I was thinking behind the scenes even though I didn't inherently say it out loud. I just really liked how this font almost made it feel like I was annotating and writing little notes all across the video. So I hope that makes sense. I feel like a lot of the times on my channel you see a lot of like freespirited fonts and I just feel like that is like me to a tea because I don't know. I just like love working on like a lot of different projects and like trying new things. So I feel like I tend to look for fonts that give more of that energy versus something that's maybe a little bit more elegant or sophisticated. So, I think it's actually really important to like have a blend of both. Like, don't just go off of like the vibe that you want your video to exude, but I think it's also really important to have it tied to who you are and your personality. If you guys are curious what specific fonts that I have used across the entirety of my channel, it is in my guide if you guys are interested. Obviously, there are a lot more ways where you can showcase your own personality and style while you're editing. I just wanted to talk about fonts because I just feel like they're like the easiest thing to implement. Honestly, sometimes it's just like best to try to get the video done and then maybe try those new techniques in the next video. I'm going to walk you guys through a color grading example now. I feel like this is definitely like the number one request that I get, but I don't really necessarily know if this is like the right way to go about it. Actually, I know it's definitely not the right way to go about it, but this is just how I like to do it. Because I feel like Final Cut Pro is a lot simpler. I'm going to walk you guys through this program. But if you want to learn like actual color theory from like professionals and people who like do this for a living, then I highly suggest Skillshare. This is like not a sponsored video, but I just wanted to like quickly plug it in there as a tool because I know they have some really really solid tutorials as far as like coloring and how to approach it maybe from like a more filming perspective, which is something I would not be able to do very well. I actually did recently make the switch over to Da Vinci Resolve. So, I've definitely been in like Skillshare trying to like learn because that program is just really, really intense and I definitely need a lot more help. I just feel like the program itself is not quite as intuitive as Final Cut Pro. So, I guess I'll keep you guys updated hopefully within this next year and I do have a link with Skillshare which will give you a 1 month free trial which I will link down below in my description box. So, after you have your clips in your timeline, the very first thing you're going to want to do is add an adjustment layer. So, the way that you do this is you go to this titles and generator sidebar. And under title, search adjustment layer. And you're going to see a few options between HD and UHD, which is essentially 4K, and then what frames per second did you shoot in. So, for this video, I shot in 4K. So, I'm going to select UHD. And then I always shoot in 24 frames per second. So, I'm just going to quickly grab this and drag it on top of my clip. Just like that. So pretty much what an adjustment layer does is it keeps like our clips very clean so that if we like make adjustments, we didn't like mess with the actual clip itself and it just helps like not make it as messy. The other reason why the adjustment layer is helpful is because let's just say you had, you know, your talking sequence and you cut it up clip by clip to get rid of like all the breaks, you know, all the moments that you messed up and it got removed from the timeline. So basically what's nice about it is you'll be able to drag that same adjustment layer of your color grade across all of the clips instead of copying it into each clip individually, if that makes sense. Obviously, I'm only editing this one clip, but just to give you guys a better idea when you actually start editing your entire video. So, looking at like our Final Cut Pro dashboard, you guys are going to see this waveform that I have up here, which basically shows like the reds, greens, and blues in my frame. So, the way that you're able to show this is you go to view and then you scroll down to show in viewer and then you click video scopes. Obviously, like I uncclick that, so I'll show you guys again. So, view, show in viewer, and then click video scopes. Again, this is just how I color grade. I'm not saying like this is like the correct way to do it. So, please don't judge me. I swear I will get better at it when I officially learn Da Vinci Resolve, but I'm just purely sharing what has gotten me through this past year on YouTube. Okay. Anyway, moving on. What you're going to do is select your adjustment layer. Then, you're going to move into this section and you're going to click the color inspector. Then, you're just going to add a color wheel correction. And then, personally, and I don't know why, I've just like always found it easier to color grade when I like lower the saturation a little bit. So, I feel like anywhere between like 0.8 8 to like 0.95 is like a good rule of thumb. So for this one, I'm just going to do 0.9. This just kind of gives me a little bit of a cushion when I'm like adding colors to not go overboard and make me look like an Oompa Loompa. So I feel like for my particular way I like to color, I like a warmer color profile. Color grading really depends on what you're going for. And like one little note that I will make is if you're not at the very least like setting your white balance and you're like just leaving everything on auto, it's going to be really hard to color grade because your coloring is going to be like all over the place because if you have it on auto, it's just going to keep changing. So just at the very least make sure you're trying to set your white balance while you film because it will make your life so much easier when you're actually sitting down to color grade it. So, since I mentioned I like to go for a warmer color profile, I'll take this little dial right here on the highlight section and I will slowly bring it up towards like an orange tone. Honestly, don't need to add a ton. Like don't drag it all the way up to the corner because whole frame will turn orange. And then I would say between the shadows and midtones, I've kind of varied it on my YouTube channel lately. I've just been wanting like a really really warm color profile. So, I've actually been dragging my shadows as well into that orange tone. But initially, and I would say across like a lot of my videos this past year, I actually have been doing like a little bit more of a contrasting style and I've been dragging it into this more teal shade. And I don't know if you guys can like see the subtle difference, I will maybe like put it up on the screen. Just kind of depends. I would say like if you are noticing like your frame itself is leaning really really cool toned, then I wouldn't obviously add cool tones into the shadows more. And again, I don't know if this is right, but this is just what I do it. But I just basically do the opposite for my mid tones just to add that subtle detail of contrast. So, in my midtones, I'm going to slowly drag this to this like teal green kind of shade. Final step, I will actually reference this waveform that I had you guys pull up in the very beginning, and I will just drag my highlights down until it's underneath this 100 line. And if any of these graphs are actually touching this zero line, which you can see in this blue one, then I just like leave my shadows the way it is. But let's just say they were like all the way up here, then I would drag it down until it touched. just to kind of summarize like the differences between the two. For the highlights, I make sure all three of the graphs are underneath that 100 line, but for the shadows, I only make sure one of them is touching that zero line. I just realized I picked kind of like an unflattering frame for me to color grade this entire time. So anyway, I did want to make this like one little note is when you're moving these dials on the highlights and shadows, I just kind of like eyeball it. Like if it feels like it's leaning a little bit too yellow, then I'll drag it more into like an orangey red tone. Pretty much like same thing for the shadows as I just kind of like to go for that like warm color profile, but something that also looks as natural as possible. So yeah, this is what we have so far and I will kind of turn off the color wheels and turn it back on to show you the difference that we have so far. Personally, I think it looks a lot better. So our next step is to go back to this tab and then we're going to add a color curves section. And with this tab, what I actually like to do is just to like soften up my video. So, I first add a control point to the middle and then I add a control point to the right of it. And then I just slowly kind of like eyeball and drag down. Feel like I mainly look at my face and see that like it's clearly softened up a lot of this like texture. And yeah, I'll just quickly toggle to show you that difference. Basically, the highlights are just like not quite as harsh and like as bright and shiny on my face. And then I add a control point to the left. And I just basically drag this one up. And this just kind of like overall softens and almost kind of washes out the frame. Personally, I don't really like something that's very high contrast. Mainly because I like to go for a subtly cozy vibe and I feel like not having like super harsh lines, harsh edges in my video itself really helps bring that out. So this is the before and then the after with the color curves adjustments. Final color adjustment that I make is we go back up here and add a hue and saturation curve tab. So pretty much this is tied with what we did at the very beginning where we desaturated our color profile. So to add just like a little bit of contrast, what I like to do is actually hand select certain colors to bring up their tones or adjust their tones to make these like small pops of color in my background. This step I feel like adds a little bit more of a punch but not in like a really overwhelming way. So something that I like to do because I feel like the greens that I tend to film are a little bit more like olive and I don't know, I just don't find them quite as appealing. So, I take this eyropper tool from the hue versus hue and then I select this green tone. Yeah, you can see it like wans a little bit more yellow from just like where it fell on this color line. And then I just like to drag it like a little bit down just so I get a more true green tone if that makes sense. And you can see it even changed like the flowers over here, some of the green stuff that I have here, even like a little bit of my plants and my smithies. And then from there I like to go to this hue versus saturation section and grab the same eyropper tool. And then I'll just like select those same colors like this green one. And I will just bring up its saturation. My mic is actually a more true green. So I will drag this up over here. And yeah, I'll just kind of like look around my frame and see kind of what catches my eye. Like I see this like little blue back here that maybe I want to highlight. And I can also bring up the saturation of that. It's really hard to do this as I'm talking. So I made little adjustments. And I think this looks pretty good. I'll show you guys the before. And then this is the after. Very subtle. If I'm like cramped on time, I actually kind of like skip this step. But it is really nice, especially if you're in a space where there are tons of pops of color and you like really want to bring those out in the background or if you feel like a certain color is just like kind of taking away from your frame. And it's really nice to be able to adjust the tones of those colors and make it work a lot better for whatever color profile that you're going for. One last thing, because I noticed when I added my hue and saturation curve that my color profile was leaning like a little bit too green. So, very quickly, I go to this color curve section and I go to this red tab and I select an orange tone. Then, I just drag the middle of this up just to add like a little bit more warmth to the entirety of the frame. And now I can show you guys like the full before and after. So, here is the before without any of our effects. And then here is our after. I will quickly play it all the way through just to show you guys what it ends up looking like. Overall, I feel like it looks pretty good and it's exactly what I tend to go for whenever I'm color grading. So, yeah, I hope this video helped. Let me know if you guys have any questions. Not even kidding when I say this is actually my third time shooting this video because like I just felt like the first two times like I didn't get it down or like there were things I like wanted to include that I didn't say. I feel pretty good about this one. I just really wanted to make this like video series different from the guide. What I really wanted you guys to get out of the video series was more conceptually things to think about. Like yes, I walked you guys through how I structure my vlogs and even an example of like one of my vlogs from the past that did really well, but I really hope what got across was not like how I did it, but more like the thought process that went into those decisions. So, that is the very end of my whole little spiel. I hope you guys enjoyed this little minieries. Let me know if you guys want me to do more like sit down chatty vlogs like this. Honestly, these are so much harder to film than I thought. I'm just very much looking forward for this video to be done and for it to be up and for you guys to take all these tips and tricks into your own channels. And as always, if you made it this far, thank you so much for watching this week's video. I hope it was helpful and I will see you guys in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @withdanilee [34 likes]: hi friends !! Ahh thanks for all the love on this video ~ 🥹💗 don’t forget the my YT guide has the template built in but a separate listing of just the template itself is also available !! :)

The YouTube Blueprint to Better Vlogs: https://withdanilee.com/products/the-youtube-blueprint-to-better-vlogs-yt-planning-milanote-template

The YouTube Vlog Workflow Template: https://shop.beacons.ai/withdanilee/a70989e2-9ca0-4263-ae7c-1b151bf76f04
  2. @aztrix92 [2 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Im on vlog 7. Vlog 8 is ready for upload. But i dont plan anything. Just film all day and edit and upload 😂
  3. @Theloveguru_ [1 likes]: As a film grad (‘18) that’s been out the game for a few years and looking to transition into YouTube and TikTok outside of traditional production, you helped me understand why my skills aren’t transitioning over  the way I thought they should 🔥.  Thank You so much girlie , I just Subbed 😘🫂
  4. @austin_blake_01-r5b [1 likes]: Really enjoyed this, the way you kept it engaging from start to finish was impressive 👍
  5. @swapanbiswasmusic: i am Watching Your Video, This is the Real Video Creatuions....and Life Story and Culture in Your Country, i am Excited to Visit Your country & Make Video, 
Because i have Professional Music Recording Studio & Editing Setup,So We Can Collaboration,
Friend Just Feedback Me...
  6. @nancydee6106: The whole time asking whats a broll
  7. @nancydee6106: What the hell is a B roll sequences
Are you talking to beginners or people who make videos? 
I guess both may be more descriptive. I think people who look these up actually have never done this before so you might want to explain it to a five-year-old.
  8. @sincerelyelii: Hiii can you share some tips how to make a good thumbnail??
  9. @Eommakr: What video editor are you using?
  10. @radjavanderi: whats app for editing like your font
  11. @Madihare: love this
  12. @BobbyBoomOfficial: such a great video :D
  13. @ominaholic: what about travel blogs with videos that has chronological order?
  14. @stephanieuche-okoro4804: love this guide. if i want to use capcut for fonts transitions, and all of that regualar editing and i want to use final cut pro for colour grading my video, which do i do first colour grade on fcp before capcut or capcut before final cut pro?
  15. @martasequeiraa: Hey 🫶🏼 Can you tell me the names of the fonts you use? Thanks!!
  16. @cutecatdrinkinmatcha: Please what filter do you use for your footages ❤️
  17. @lexreflects: Does anyone know the specific font that she uses?
  18. @MariaAngelaOclarit: What editor are u using? Do you have a separate edit for color grading and transitions?
  19. @BGMusicJp: これからも投稿楽しみにしてます、頑張ってください♪　そして機会があればフリー音源作ってますんでよかったらご活用ください♪
  20. @priyabaskaran3999: What font do you use??

- MASTER Thumbnails To Break The Youtube Algorithm In 9 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to master the art of thumbnail Creation in order to crack the YouTube algorithm and explode your channel in just one video there will not be another video that you have to watch on thumbnail creation after watching this one so let's get right into it the first thing that I want to tell you that a lot of people pretty much no one understands at this point is that thumbnail creation is much less about graphic design than it is about psychology and color theory and a lot of people whenever you ask them you know do you know how to make thumbnails do you make your own thumbnails why don't you improve on your thumbnails that's a lot that's a question I ask a lot of my clients and they always give me the response of I'm not a good graphic designer well it's not really about graphic design is it it's more about psychology the psychology of getting someone to click on a YouTube video like people they think that they're making a decision when they see a bunch of videos on the YouTube homepage in reality they've already made their decision you know as soon as they see all the thumbnails pop up on whether or not they want to click on a video subconsciously they've already had like a list of two or three videos that popped up on the screen that they could possibly click on and the rest of them are already subconsciously ruled out of the equation so like I said there is an element to graphic design obviously of color theory and of psychology but you really don't have to do that much work when it comes to these things and if you want me to prove it to you that it's much less about actual graphic design than it is about psychology and color theory let's check out Mr Beast Channel these aren't the most well-designed thumbnails you know you could tell that he didn't hire like Hollywood thumbnail creators or Hollywood poster creators and we're going to pull up a poster of Oppenheimer in one second to kind of compare the two you can tell that Mr Beast isn't hiring you know the best of the best in the world graphic designers to create these thumbnails obviously they're good and they you know psychologically they make you want to click on them like this one it's such a good thumbnail of the train going into the hole because it makes you think oh what's going to happen whatever the train goes into the hole I really want to find out and also he starts the video off with the train inching towards the hole and then he cuts it off right before it hits there so it you know it kind of traps you in with their viewer attention trap but it's just such great psychology Behind These thumbnails like this one he's on a raft in the middle of a bunch of sharks oh what's gonna happen if he's in the middle of a bunch of sharks on a wooden raft you know it's just it's such a psychological game and also with color theory the color theory part not as important as the actual psychology but you don't want mismatching colors and if you want to know more about color theory you can literally just look at sports teams that kind of have all the best color combinations already out there for you to see but it does matter what Niche you're in and and what the meta is of YouTube and the niche that you're in we'll go into that in one second the colors for text and things like that varies between the niches like I know it sounds wild and it might sound like I lost my mind but I swear it's true and I'll prove it to you in one second the different colors work for different niches you have to understand your Niche this is something that we teach in the program extensively we have a formula to figure out what colors and how to you know make craft your thumbnail to be as psychologically and color theory wise appealing to the your your target audience it really does work it really is very important to know your Niche and to know what colors work for your Niche so if we go over to the Oppenheimer poster I just Googled Oppenheimer poster and I mean these are obviously so much more well designed than the Mr Beast videos but if Oppenheimer or if somebody were to use this as a thumbnail for the Oppenheimer review video that they're doing I guarantee you obviously it's going to get less views than a Mr Beast video but it's not even going to get as many views as as a thumbnail that they would normally make for their Channel because it's just not the meta for YouTube that's just not how people get clicks on YouTube that's just how it works people always ask me what software they should use to create their thumbnails you can use Photoshop I love Photoshop I teach Photoshop in my program but you can also use Photo P it's kind of like a just a free version of Photoshop just doesn't have as many tools as Photoshop has to me I think Photoshop kind of looks intimidating on the surface but it's pretty easy to figure out like once you get into it once you watch a few tutorials you kind of understand and once again in the program we go pretty extensive into how to use Photoshop and what to tools you need everything like that so if you want to book a call and kind of get a super fast track to getting all this stuff figured out with titles thumbnails topics timing all these things we teach extensively inside of the program you can book a call with the top Link in the description but I was saying earlier that it's very important the psychology behind things the color theory behind things and that the color theory and psychology actually changes between the niches so you have to know what Niche you're in and I'm going to demonstrate that really quickly I have a couple of examples here that I want to bring up first we're going to bring up my friend Lou Valentino's Channel he kind of does some stuff and I don't say this in a negative way at all but he does some things that he calls out the negativity in the world right it calls up some bad things that are happening I don't knock people for doing this I've done this in the past on my other channels I think we need people to call out negative things in the world or it'll never get better you know so we need people to call these things out but anyway whenever you have channels like this that calls out you know some political things or whatever negative things that are happening in the world you're going to see some patterns you're going to see a lot of red arrows on the screen right you're going to see green words on people's foreheads and I'm promise you that I can spot these things in any Niche there's very obvious ones in every single Niche this one is very obvious with the Red Arrows with the red circles here as you can see in that guy's hand and things like that a lot of red is going to be the meta here we're going to go over to another Channel very similar to Lou Valentino liberal hive mind you see a lot of red all over the place there's some red arrows a big meta by the way on YouTube right now if you want to use this I highly recommend you do use this to your advantage it's kind of getting over saturated now but I've actually started using this back in 2019 I was using this meta but you can see in the top left here how he has the the fake tweet that's that's a huge part of the YouTube meta right now for thumbnails fake tweets fake Discord messages things like that and I don't know if it will ever get into some legal issues in the future but I've like I said I've been using it since 2019 never had an issue and I've gotten a whole lot of views from it I highly recommend that you start using fake tweets and fake Discord messages for your YouTube thumbnails but like I said once again very similar to Lou Valentino's Channel and a whole lot of red a whole lot of red there's a red arrow right there a lot of red text let's move on to another Niche though here we have grow on YouTube is what I searched in in the search bar and I'm sure I'm gonna pause the video if you want and see if you can point out what the common trend is with all these thumbnails here I'll scroll down a little bit so you can see what do you think the common trend is here before I say it let me know in the comments but what I see very obviously is a lot of uptrend graphs right in the background start doing this you can see on the screen right here has an arrow pointing to an uptrend graph and that's kind of like what the YouTube Studio shows your views as so it's kind of showing you if you do this then your your YouTube views will go up your YouTube studio will have uptrend graphs the first one has the same thing in the background an uptrend graph also in the Lou Valentinos and the liberal high of mine and like I said The more negative type post you saw a lot of red text a lot of red arrows here on the grow on YouTube Niche you see a lot of green like I said that's psychology that color theory you see a lot of green you see a lot of uptrend graphs because they want you to associate their videos with positive results in your YouTube channel whereas with Lou Valentino's Channel they want you to associate their thumbnails with negativity I can't believe this is happening we need to be outraged at this once again not knocking it like I said I do that on my channel sometimes as well but it's just the truth you know they want you to associate it with negativity and bad things happening in the world whereas with grow on YouTube they want you to associate it with positive results from your YouTube channel if you follow what they tell you to do for your YouTube channel and we see a lot of shocked faces we see once again a lot of green a lot of blue stuff like that we see some red arrows that can work for sure but there's still a lot of green on the thumbnail and their screen just all over these things if you keep scrolling down you're going to keep seeing these uptrend graphs all over the place that's just the meta for these types of videos and it's very similar for like the financial niches or anything that's going to help people do better in Life or on YouTube whatever it is on social media it's going to be a lot of uptrend graphs a lot of green things so you kind of get the picture at this point but I did want to do this demonstration just to prove to you that it does matter the niche that you're in and the color theory that you have to use you can't just take Lou Valentino or liberal Hive Minds color theory and apply it to any Niche you have to research your Niche it can't be anybody else's Niche can't be the girl on YouTube Niche it can't be the financial Niche if you're doing gardening you have to research the gardening Niche and see what color theory they use in your thumbnails and there's no reason to do the trial and error on your own when other people have been very successful on YouTube already have been doing this for years and years and have done the trial and error for you already just use the templates use the color theory use the psychology that is proven to work already for all of their channels and we have formulas in the program to streamline this process and also we have the same thing you know the formulas to do the same thing with titles it's actually very much more complicated for titles shockingly I know that you probably thought it was the opposite and that thumbnails would be more complicated it's actually more complicated for titles than it is for thumbnails so it's pretty wild and like I said we have a formula for all of these things for topics timing titles and thumbnails all in the program if you did want to book a call the first link in the description will take you right to the page to book let me know in the comments what you thought of this video do you think you can now go and make some thumbnails I know there's a ton of videos out there already teaching you the technicalities on how to make thumbnails you know how to actually go into Photoshop and make those which we do in the program but I didn't want to do that in this video just because there's tons and tons of videos out there already for that and I don't see many people actually talking about the theory you know the color theory of the psychology and the fact that it's different between each Niche so I thought that was very interesting in that something that a lot of people don't talk about so let me know in the did it help you did it not let me know give me some feedback and I hope to see on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @theworkmannetwork [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  2. @dieseldorf6: Stellar

- Why 99% of YouTube Thumbnails Fail: Kind: captions Language: en The vast majority of YouTube creators are only&nbsp; one or two good thumbnails away from a completely&nbsp;&nbsp; different channel trajectory. And most of you guys&nbsp; don't realize it yet because your video could be&nbsp;&nbsp; exceptional. The title could be dialed in. The SEO&nbsp; could be absolutely perfect. And if the thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't stop the scroll, none of it matters. The&nbsp; click never happens. The algorithm never pushes&nbsp;&nbsp; the video. And the video just quietly dies. And&nbsp; that's the part that nobody wants to talk about,&nbsp;&nbsp; honestly. Now, I've been on YouTube for more than&nbsp; 15 years now, and I've personally designed more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 500 thumbnails from scratch. And just a few&nbsp; months ago, I launched this channel that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching right now from zero. And now we're&nbsp; closing in on 40,000 subscribers. Side note,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you guys. With just 37 videos. Now, a huge&nbsp; part of that success and that momentum comes&nbsp;&nbsp; from one thing, packaging. So, by the end of this&nbsp; video, you'll know exactly why certain thumbnails&nbsp;&nbsp; get clicked and exactly why certain thumbnails get&nbsp; ignored. And I'm going to share a thumbnail tool&nbsp;&nbsp; with you guys that saved one of my most recent&nbsp; videos when my process completely fell apart. I&nbsp;&nbsp; only had 90 minutes left to upload a thumbnail&nbsp; in just a few minutes that now has over 15,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views. So stay tuned for that. So why do 99%&nbsp; of thumbnails fail? It's not laziness. It's not&nbsp;&nbsp; bad design software. It's not that people don't&nbsp; care. Here's what I actually believe. Most people&nbsp;&nbsp; teaching thumbnail strategy here on YouTube right&nbsp; now don't fully understand it themselves. They&nbsp;&nbsp; know what a good thumbnail looks like. Don't get&nbsp; me wrong, cuz they watch their homepage. They've&nbsp;&nbsp; seen hundreds of channels, hundreds of videos,&nbsp; thousands of videos, and they've absorbed those&nbsp;&nbsp; patterns over time. But they can't tell you why it&nbsp; works. They'll tell you, "Go make a better title,&nbsp;&nbsp; better thumbnail." And they're not wrong,&nbsp; but they can't break down the mechanism.&nbsp;&nbsp; And because of that, unfortunately, the advice&nbsp; stays surface level so the people watching those&nbsp;&nbsp; videos stay stock. Now, what I'm about to show&nbsp; you in this video is the actual mechanism. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; most creators design thumbnails to describe&nbsp; their video, and that's the wrong job entirely.&nbsp;&nbsp; A thumbnail only has one job. One, to make a&nbsp; promise that the viewer can't walk away from. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; every thumbnail that has ever driven massive&nbsp; click-through rates on any channel, any niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; at any point in YouTube's history does one or more&nbsp; of five specific things. These aren't here today,&nbsp;&nbsp; gone tomorrow tricks and hacks. These are&nbsp; psychological constants that sit underneath&nbsp;&nbsp; every trend, every style, every format that&nbsp; has ever worked on the platform. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; element number one is curiosity. Now, the&nbsp; thumbnail opens up an information gap that the&nbsp;&nbsp; brain is compelled to close. Something is implied&nbsp; but not explained. Think about the last time you&nbsp;&nbsp; clicked a video purely because the thumbnail made&nbsp; you so curious, made you feel like you were going&nbsp;&nbsp; to miss out on something if you didn't click.&nbsp; That wasn't accidental. That was a deliberate&nbsp;&nbsp; gap or loop engineered to trigger that exact&nbsp; response. Now, the second element is contrast.&nbsp;&nbsp; High visual contrast is a biological stop signal,&nbsp; a pattern interrupt. A video feed full of noise&nbsp;&nbsp; that you and I experience every single day. Those&nbsp; high contrast images literally interrupt our eye&nbsp;&nbsp; movements. And it's not just an aesthetic&nbsp; preference. I know that you're like, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't like the way it looks." It's neurological.&nbsp; Your brain is hardwired to notice the thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't look like everything around it. All&nbsp; right. So, element number three is emotion.&nbsp;&nbsp; A human face with a clear, readable emotion on it&nbsp; in a thumbnail is processed by our brain so fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; under 150 milliseconds. That's faster than we can&nbsp; consciously read the title of the video. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; about a thumbnail where somebody looks genuinely&nbsp; shocked or devastated. You felt something before&nbsp;&nbsp; you even knew what the video was about. That's&nbsp; the emotional trigger doing its job. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fourth element is conflict. Something is&nbsp; unresolved. There's something at stake. there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a tension that the viewer can feel that they&nbsp; feel compelled to see resolved. Conflict implies&nbsp;&nbsp; that there's a winner and a loser, a right and a&nbsp; wrong, a light and a dark. And the viewer wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; know which one they are. All right, so for the&nbsp; fifth element, we're talking about reward. The&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail makes an implicit deal with the viewer.&nbsp; If they click this, they're going to get something&nbsp;&nbsp; specific. That could be information, that could&nbsp; be entertainment, validation, maybe a laugh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know, maybe an answer for something.&nbsp; The clearer that that implied reward is,&nbsp;&nbsp; the higher the click-through rate is going to be&nbsp; because vague thumbnails typically get ignored.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, specific promises, crystal clear imagery,&nbsp; that's what's going to get clicked. All right, now&nbsp;&nbsp; here's where it gets really interesting and where&nbsp; most thumbnail content here on YouTube completely&nbsp;&nbsp; falls short. Trust me, I've been watching this&nbsp; stuff for 10 plus years and exactly why I'm making&nbsp;&nbsp; this video for you guys today. You're going to&nbsp; find a ton of videos out there that are listing&nbsp;&nbsp; the different styles of thumbnails that are&nbsp; working right now. Saw a video recently somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; said neo minimalism, uh, cinematic text. They're&nbsp; adding like super fancy labels to super simple&nbsp;&nbsp; concepts. They're talking about dark backgrounds&nbsp; with uh time constraints. So, don't get me wrong,&nbsp;&nbsp; those styles do exist. They're 100% real. And some&nbsp; of them might still genuinely be working today,&nbsp;&nbsp; but most of the people teaching them can't&nbsp; tell you why they're working. Let me give you&nbsp;&nbsp; an example. Do you know why that dark background&nbsp; with 59 seconds in the thumbnail or title actually&nbsp;&nbsp; works? There's conflict and reward. There's a&nbsp; specific implicit promise and the time constraint&nbsp;&nbsp; makes it feel low stakes enough to click, but&nbsp; high stakes enough to actually matter. And&nbsp;&nbsp; here's another one. Do you know why a warped face&nbsp; works so well in a thumbnail? Because that pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; interrupt is an extreme form of curiosity. a&nbsp; huge gap. The brain sees something that's broken,&nbsp;&nbsp; a skew, a little bit off, and it can't scroll&nbsp; past without getting its attention. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can't move on without talking about that neo&nbsp; minimalism, which is essentially just a simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; plain, clean thumbnail. Do you know why those are&nbsp; dominating on YouTube right now? Pure contrast.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a feed where 90% of thumbnails are overly&nbsp; complicated and feel like they're screaming,&nbsp;&nbsp; silence is the loudest thing in the room&nbsp; at times. Simple, easy to understand,&nbsp;&nbsp; clean. That's what's dominating. Every single&nbsp; style that works works because it executes on one&nbsp;&nbsp; or more of those five elements. The style is just&nbsp; the delivery system at that point. The psychology&nbsp;&nbsp; is the engine behind it because styles change.&nbsp; Something that works really well today could&nbsp;&nbsp; be totally played out in 6 months when everybody&nbsp; else is copying them. But with that being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; these five elements have been true since day&nbsp; one on YouTube. they're still going to be true&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 years, 10 years, 15 years from now. Because I&nbsp; need you to understand that once you learn why&nbsp;&nbsp; these things work and how to implement them into&nbsp; your thumbnails, you're never going to feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to chase trends again. You'll be ahead&nbsp; of them. So, I want you to be honest. How many&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails have you been making trying to copy a&nbsp; style without understanding why it worked? Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want you to sit with something for a minute&nbsp; because I think it reframes everything we just&nbsp;&nbsp; covered. Thumbnail psychology is not new. It's not&nbsp; a YouTube thing. It's not even a digital thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think about, and I'm going to date myself&nbsp; here. Have you ever walked into a video&nbsp;&nbsp; rental store back in the day? I'm in my early&nbsp; 40s. Maybe if you're too young for that, uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; think about scrolling Netflix. That could be more&nbsp; relatable right now. Every single image that you&nbsp;&nbsp; see has been deliberately engineered, designed to&nbsp; make you stop, consider, click, grab. I'm talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about movie posters, VHS covers back in the day.&nbsp; I guess Blu-rays too, magazine covers, book art,&nbsp;&nbsp; album art for for music for sure. Every single&nbsp; one is designed with one mission. get somebody's&nbsp;&nbsp; attention long enough to make them consider going&nbsp; further with that piece of art, with that piece of&nbsp;&nbsp; content, with that thing. And think about that,&nbsp; that craft is older than the internet, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; older than television, and the psychology behind&nbsp; it has never changed because human attention&nbsp;&nbsp; really has never changed aside from, you know,&nbsp; our constantly shrinking attention spans. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; when somebody tells you that the thumbnails don't&nbsp; matter, or they tell me that the thumbnails don't&nbsp;&nbsp; matter, I hear somebody that doesn't realize that&nbsp; they're playing a game that's been played for over&nbsp;&nbsp; a hundred years. The rules have been written since&nbsp; before any of us were born. So, you can learn and&nbsp;&nbsp; understand those rules or ignore them. Uh act like&nbsp; you're better than them and stay stuck. Now, with&nbsp;&nbsp; that being said, here's what most people get wrong&nbsp; about YouTube. Most people think the majority of&nbsp;&nbsp; the work is in the content itself. And I agree&nbsp; on the surface that feels like common sense.&nbsp;&nbsp; But think about any other business. Think about&nbsp; a plumbing company, a restaurant, a big movie&nbsp;&nbsp; studio, maybe a shoe brand like Nike or Adidas.&nbsp; The product itself is only a portion of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're doing to bring it to the market, right?&nbsp; the packaging, the presentation, the way you put&nbsp;&nbsp; it out in front of the people, that work is just&nbsp; as critical as the thing itself. The content is&nbsp;&nbsp; like a cake. It needs to be exceptional. It can't&nbsp; taste like It needs to be the best cake in the&nbsp;&nbsp; room. But the frosting, the way it's decorated,&nbsp; the way it's tiered, the sprinkles, the accutra,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what makes people hungry before they ever&nbsp; had a bite. That's what makes them reach for that&nbsp;&nbsp; cake over everything else on the table. Come here.&nbsp; Your thumbnail is the frosting if you didn't get&nbsp;&nbsp; that part. And nobody orders an unfrosted cake&nbsp; for an important event. And in this context,&nbsp;&nbsp; your video is an important event. Now,&nbsp; understanding the psychology is only half of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. There's still the execution problem here.&nbsp; And that's where it gets real. So, let me tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; what happened to me a few days ago because it's&nbsp; the most honest way I can illustrate exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'm talking about here. Now, these days, to&nbsp; save time, I do work with a thumbnail designer&nbsp;&nbsp; on occasion, and that collaboration is pretty&nbsp; good. Usually, I'd say seven out of 10 times,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm pretty happy with what he sends over. Uh, but&nbsp; those three or four or sometimes five times that&nbsp;&nbsp; he sends a file to me and I'm not happy with it, I&nbsp; bring it into Photoshop and I'm doing the final 20&nbsp;&nbsp; to 30% to get that thumbnail to where it needs&nbsp; to be, which under pressure when you're paying&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody, it's really frustrating. So, for my&nbsp; last video where I ranked more than a dozen&nbsp;&nbsp; different YouTube niches, my designer sends me a&nbsp; thumbnail super last minute, two of them, in fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was disappointed with both of them, to say&nbsp; the least. I was 90 minutes away from this video&nbsp;&nbsp; going live on a Monday morning. Um, and I was in&nbsp; a bad position because a weak thumbnail on a video&nbsp;&nbsp; that you worked hard on isn't just an aesthetics&nbsp; problem. And I need you guys to understand that it&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly becomes a compounding problem for your&nbsp; business, for your channel. Because when your&nbsp;&nbsp; click-through rate underperforms, the algorithm&nbsp; reads that as low interest and starts pulling&nbsp;&nbsp; back on distribution. As I've talked about in&nbsp; other videos, all that work that you put into&nbsp;&nbsp; that video, all the hopes that you had for that&nbsp; video, and you watch it die in the first 48 hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; I did a video on that as well because it failed&nbsp; the first impression test. You can understand all&nbsp;&nbsp; this psychology perfectly and still get burnt and&nbsp; have a flop if the execution falls apart in the&nbsp;&nbsp; last minute. So, when I found myself in that exact&nbsp; situation, I turned to the tool that has genuinely&nbsp;&nbsp; become a go-to part of my thumbnail workflow. If&nbsp; you guys like my thumbnails, this is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; an absolute gamecher for you. I first came across&nbsp; this tool uh I don't know three or four years ago&nbsp;&nbsp; when I was part of a mastermind cohort that was&nbsp; hosted by Patty Galloway. Shout out to Patty. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and since then it's become something that I&nbsp; rely on consistently. And where the platform&nbsp;&nbsp; is today compared to when I first found it, that&nbsp; is insanely impressive. You guys have probably&nbsp;&nbsp; heard of it before, but the tool is called one&nbsp; of 10. Now, here's what I want you to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; about one of 10 because this distinction matters,&nbsp; especially in today's world. It's not a AI image&nbsp;&nbsp; generator that produces random visuals that you&nbsp; can maybe hope look good in a YouTube thumbnail.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's an entire platform specifically built&nbsp; around high performing YouTube thumbnail data. It&nbsp;&nbsp; analyzes what's actually working on the feed right&nbsp; now. And it generates backgrounds, compositions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and visual concepts that are already optimized&nbsp; for the psychology of clicking before you've added&nbsp;&nbsp; your face, your text, and your brand. And let me&nbsp; tell you, that matters, especially right now when&nbsp;&nbsp; the landscape of YouTube thumbnails is changing as&nbsp; rapidly as it is. You're not working from a guess.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're not chasing a trend that you saw somewhere.&nbsp; You're not doing a screenshot and bringing it into&nbsp;&nbsp; Photoshop and trying to mimic it. You're working&nbsp; off the actual data. And I've seen a lot of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; pop up trying to do what one of 10 does, and I've&nbsp; put them side by side. The difference is blatantly&nbsp;&nbsp; obvious. You could tell which one was built to&nbsp; innovate and actually help creators, and when&nbsp;&nbsp; which one was built as a a cheap knockoff to make&nbsp; a few bucks. Now, for that video that I told you&nbsp;&nbsp; about where my thumbnail designer completely&nbsp; dropped the ball, I used one of 10 to design&nbsp;&nbsp; the background for that thumbnail. I just added my&nbsp; face and I had a good to go thumbnail in under 10&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes. You can see it right here. Published that&nbsp; with time to spare. That video now has over 15,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views, has a 98.5% like ratio, and more than 500&nbsp; comments, not to mention a very high CTA. Now, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not saying that one of 10 is the only reason that&nbsp; that video performed. The content had to deliver&nbsp;&nbsp; on the thumbnail's promise. But the thumbnail got&nbsp; the click. See, that's the first battle that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have to win. And if not for one of 10, that video&nbsp; would have flopped, which would have negatively&nbsp;&nbsp; affected my channel's momentum. Now, let me show&nbsp; you how crazy this tool actually is. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. So, I want to show you how quick and easy&nbsp; it is to make an A+ ready to go high-converting&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail directly in one of 10. It's going to&nbsp; save you a ton of time, a ton of frustration,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a ton of money depending on what you're&nbsp; doing right now for your thumbnails. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the homepage, the outlier section.&nbsp; There's all these different filters,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can go through and really customize all&nbsp; of these different parameters for your specific&nbsp;&nbsp; likes and dislikes. This is just wide open right&nbsp; now. I love looking at thumbnails in different&nbsp;&nbsp; niches because then you can apply it to your niche&nbsp; and be unique compared to finding something that&nbsp;&nbsp; already exists in your space. There's so many&nbsp; great ones. All of these are outliers on these&nbsp;&nbsp; channels, which means that they're high performing&nbsp; thumbnails regardless of the subscriber count. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go over to trackers. Now, if there's&nbsp; people in your space, competitors, people that you&nbsp;&nbsp; look up to that you want to be like one day, that&nbsp; you aspire to get your channel to that size, this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where you can add channels. So you could track&nbsp; what they're doing, see their outlier videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; and just use that as a reference point. Now, right&nbsp; here, same thing. Bookmarks, you can go and you&nbsp;&nbsp; could save ideas. You can do all these different&nbsp; things throughout your experience on one of 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're all housed right here, which I think&nbsp; is great. Now, if you have a hard time generating&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas, one of 10 is using data of all the top&nbsp; performing channels, so they're not guessing.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so, the idea generator is going to get you&nbsp; on the right track quickly. Same with the title&nbsp;&nbsp; generator. As you see down here, I used this&nbsp; title generator for my last video where I was&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking down a bunch of different niches on&nbsp; YouTube. Side note, I know I missed a bunch,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm going to do a part two. Uh, but this is&nbsp; the meat and potatoes right here. The thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; generator is what it's all about. Now, on my last&nbsp; video on this video, I've already used this to&nbsp;&nbsp; make the thumbnail. You guys are going to see a&nbsp; very close iteration of this thumbnail for this&nbsp;&nbsp; video, right? And there's a bunch of different&nbsp; iterations that you saw popped up. So, that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; I did here. But if you want to do a video, let's&nbsp; say for example, I'll do a video on um you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube productivity uh for planning videos. And I&nbsp; just hit generate. I didn't add my photo. I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; add a reference photo, which you can do right&nbsp; here. You can add a reference image while this&nbsp;&nbsp; is thinking. Meaning, I like this thumbnail.&nbsp; Make mine kind of look like that, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; or you can add your face. The cool thing about one&nbsp; of 10 is it's connected to your channel. So, it'll&nbsp;&nbsp; already go in and look at all the thumbnails.&nbsp; It'll look at all the images of you and reference&nbsp;&nbsp; those within its built-in proprietary&nbsp; AI to generate these thumbnails. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just gave it a one-s sentence thing. And we're&nbsp; going to see what what pops up here in a second. Now, in real time, that took 22 seconds. I have a&nbsp; timer right over here on my screen. 22 seconds to&nbsp;&nbsp; create four usable thumbnails. There's two right&nbsp; now that I would be very comfortable posting on&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube for a video on productivity as a content&nbsp; creator, as a YouTuber. And now just think if you&nbsp;&nbsp; get a little bit little bit more specific, if I&nbsp; type or if I click on this and I edit with AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could say uh done in 30 minutes for text&nbsp; on screen. And then it does its thing. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; about that. You can go in, you could change the&nbsp; text, you can change images. If I wanted to,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could change the red glow and the green&nbsp; glow to something maybe orange and purple.&nbsp;&nbsp; And in just a matter of moments, you're going to&nbsp; have a secondary version. And you can go through&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can make a different thumbnail, make a&nbsp; tweak, have a different idea. If you don't like&nbsp;&nbsp; the dark style that you're seeing right here,&nbsp; it can pop over into being a light style. The&nbsp;&nbsp; greatest thing about this is you don't have&nbsp; to have some crazy designer background to&nbsp;&nbsp; make these things unbelievably beautiful and in&nbsp; just about 10 seconds done in 30 minutes. Guys,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're not using one of 10, I don't know what&nbsp; you're waiting on. All right. Now, I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; using this tool for years as a paying customer&nbsp; and I trusted enough in a real world situation&nbsp;&nbsp; that I reached out to the team at one of 10 and&nbsp; set something very special up for you guys. You&nbsp;&nbsp; could try one of 10 yourself for 30 days for only&nbsp; $1. And I'll put the link in the description box&nbsp;&nbsp; below. If thumbnails are something you're already&nbsp; good at, it's only going to make you faster and&nbsp;&nbsp; help you hone your craft. If there's something&nbsp; that are quietly killing your channel's growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be the thing that finally fixes it. It's&nbsp; going to take care of a lot of problems that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might have been frustrated with. Now, with that&nbsp; being said, if you're ready to go allin on your&nbsp;&nbsp; channel, get into momentum, and stop being stuck.&nbsp; Watch this video next. If you haven't yet, click&nbsp;&nbsp; that little subscribe button to join the channel&nbsp; family here. Again, link for one of 10 will be in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description box below. 30 days for a dollar.&nbsp; And until next time, I appreciate you watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAdamIvy [32 likes]: Be honest... have you ever posted a video you knew was good, then watched it underperform because the thumbnail just did not hit? What do you think usually goes wrong for you?
  2. @BiznessDecisionSports [1 likes]: U spoke of a ⏳️ crunch for a thumbnail that was 90 mins away... Making the thumnail first is the common practice taught... What do u think about that? Sometimes i can reverse engineer a thumnail based on what i know is in the video vs an idea. Am I working backwards?
  3. @paullavoie5542 [1 likes]: The first time I heard of thumbnails was art class in high school in the late 90s.
  4. @ev-unpluggedUK [1 likes]: so only the $828 per year option allows ai generation? no thanks
  5. @YeSirUntamedChinese [1 likes]: As a newcomer, I didn't really understand how thumbnails worked, so my videos barely got any views. I’m currently working on improving them, and even though my CTR is still quite low... haha.
  6. @alaska_realtor [1 likes]: How do we create curiosity and clarity at the same time? That's not a tongue-in-cheek comment, that's a real question I'm wrestling with.
  7. @JK-pb3gv [1 likes]: I never click affiliate links - but in this case, I went out of my way to make sure you got my 1of10 attribution :) thanks a bunch
  8. @youssoufrider: cool
  9. @formerlyknownashammerofthegods: Sometimes a thumbnail can be a subtle change away from perfect.
  10. @thetravelingclarksunpacked: I love creating thumbnails!  It’s challenging and drives me crazy sometimes.  😊
  11. @TeeBCooking: Good info makes a ton of sense 😊
  12. @MikeB82983: Any tips for trying to build a sports podcast channel?
  13. @gamers279: I was intrigued until last i learned that it cost money to use this program if some knows something that works that is free to use that's not ai let me know
  14. @lorilmcbride: Hey Adam - I watched the demo thumbnail generator for 1 of 10 and I was wondering - what if your channel is new? Meaning I do not ha e a video up there yet. How would you approach using it to create your channel style? I want mine to be unique/not like anyone elses - I appreciate your feedback - thx😊
  15. @sleamsartandtravels: Only for long form and not shorts?
  16. @willknowsmarketing: Do you happen to know which ai platform they use to populate imagery?
  17. @CALLmeM93: Hey man i just found out ur channel and thx for the videos
  18. @HavanaGuyInArkansas: I know that my thumbnails suck. That's why I'm here. Here is thing: this YouTube "thing" is not taught in high school or college. For me, even being a photographer, things are hard to understand when they lack of that what I called "repeatable logic" However, some people have cracked the code. I'm still looking at it and seeing old sanscrit and despite being bi-lingual and speaking a little bit of french as well, I sure hell don't know shit about this sanscrit-algorithm language. I have a channel which I'll try to grow, but the reality is that I'm completely fucked. 🙂
  19. @BitesAcrossBorders1: My problem is that YouTube only shows my Videos in three specific countries. I dont know what to do to get it un-stuck and spread to other countries. I get 600-2000 views per short, subscribers do trickle in but it doesnt spread. It's SO frustrating.
  20. @NO2_Ridezz: Thanks man!

- Make GREAT THUMBNAILS on YouTube - Do thumbnails matter? @vidIQ Secret Weapon: Kind: captions Language: en thumbnails on youtube they're the window to the soul but how important are they i use vidiq's thumbnail comparison tool to really skyrocket my chances of a good thumbnail let's jump to the computer and i'll show you how it works one of the most important things i've found over the eight nine years that i've been on youtube is that thumbnails are paramount to the success of a youtube video my recent video as you can see here is a youtube short in which it's just taking a screenshot from the middle if you go to the analytics you will see that it's got a click-through rate of 3.3 with a high of 20 in the last hour or so now the only reason that's probably 20 is it's pushing it out towards my subscribers and my most loyal people but otherwise it bimbles around seven and zero now we're going to have a look at one of my most popular videos on my youtube channel you'll see that it initially started with next to no views and then over time exploded if we go and have a look at the start of its life you'll see that it just bimbled along until this point this point here was the making or breaking of this video what was so important now you'll see this thumbnail it looks okay you can see my face you can see make playlists on youtube so you know the premise of the video but the important thing here is you'll see the click-through rate is an average of 15 percent the most important thing is here this is where it was bumbling around getting no real views but one day youtube decided to check out the video re-rank it it got 40 click-through rate in one day and then immediately it re-ranked the video and that's where that curve comes from that you see not only impressions but in views nothing nothing nothing here's the re-ranking point and bang so how do you know that you're making a good thumbnail there is a great tool from vidiq you can install vidiq by going to vidiq.com forward slash alan spicer and you will see this little box here on the right hand side and you can search by any specific keyword that you want so in this case playlist is very relevant to this video and then i click preview in search results this will now show me anything with the word playlist and i can compare it against the others now if i want to be more specific make youtube playlist you'll see not only do i rank first anyway so i'm here at the top but i can compare it against my rivals how to make a playlist on youtube youtube playlist tutorial and you'll see that these people may have like many many more subscribers than me right but what i can see is i can compare say this video here against my thumbnail and i can see which one stands out more which one gives the clear proposition i can see it on desktop i can see it on tablet i can see it on mobile phone here you go so two years old 360 4 000 views and i can compare against the others i can also see what it looks like on the home screen of these devices there you go so now i can see if you were looking specifically for how to make a playlist on youtube which one stands out which one delivers the value proposition okay now if on the other hand your thumbnail isn't as good as these you'll then know okay so this blue background stands out a bit well and maybe you can change it or tweak it now this video is nearly two years old so maybe i want to go back and re-thumbnail it in the long run but overall it's doing well and this is the tool that really helps me go out there and grab attention and this is why your thumbnail is important you get the click-through rate perfect and your video can explode if you need more tips on thumbnails and click through rate watch this video here subscribe for regular youtube tricks and tutorials

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlanSpicer [2 likes]: How much time do you spend on your thumbnails?

❤️ GET MORE VIEWS WITH VIDIQ - https://vidiq.com/alanspicer
  2. @CryptoRookie: ;)

- how to ACTUALLY make viral YouTube Shorts (using AI): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to actually make viral YouTube shorts completely using AI and without showing your face. And I'm going to show you how I do it for three of the niches that I currently run on my faceless channels. You can see here, here is one of my faceless channels that consistently makes about a thousand dollars a day in revenue. We've got $88,000 in the last 90 days on this dashboard. And like I said, you can see it's very consistently doing a thousand dollars a day. So let's get straight into the video and I'm going to show you step-by-step how to make viral YouTube shorts. But first, I'm going to show you a few key things that you need to understand to actually go viral because it doesn't matter how you make your videos if you don't understand how to make the videos go viral and you don't understand the core mechanics that make YouTube shorts work, you will not be able to go viral no matter what you do. So I'm going to show you a few things first and then I will show you step-by-step how to actually make videos using AI. Okay, so the first thing you need to do to make sure you actually have a chance of going viral and creating viral YouTube shorts is you need to be in an actually viral niche. And what I mean by this is you you need to choose the right niche right away. Most people, they choose niches that are just not that effective. So in this video, I'm going to show you three of my top my top three favorite niches right now. And again, I want to be clear, these are niches that I actively do that have all made me thousands of dollars in the last 28 days. And I just want to be clear, once I show you these niches and we go through a few more things, I'm going to actually show you step-by-step how to make each of these. Now starting with the first niche, which is commentary. A lot of you guys probably saw this coming. I know I talk about it all the time. Like you can get mad at me if you want, but I'm talking about it because it genuinely is one of the most powerful niches out there. Uh and the reason I like it the most in comparison to a lot of other niches is just because this doesn't fall off. Commentary has been consistently working as a format on YouTube shorts literally since YouTube shorts first came out. Commentary is videos like this where you basically take a clip that went viral on another short form platform. So something like TikTok, Instagram, you know, Twitter, whatever. You find a viral clip and you repost it but using a bunch of transformative stuff on top. So you add captions, voiceover, effects, transitions. You can see like an arrow, right? Sometimes like a circle, lots of sound effects. You basically do a bunch of editing on top of the clip to make it original and transformative. Or sometimes you even take multiple clips from totally different videos and piece them together to create an entirely new story. But overall, commentary is one of the most powerful niches on YouTube. Again, for the reasons I stated, it's just so good right now and it's been working for years. And just to show you what's possible, you can see like this channel here it got 3 million views, 9 million views, 11 million views. These channels get insane amounts of reach. So commentary is one of my favorite niches, but the next one I'm going to show you is one that I actually like a little bit more right now. So this is a Roblox rant channel. Now again, I know you guys hear me talk about this in some of my videos. Roblox rants is just insanely easy to make and again, we'll get into that later in the video, but they're very very easy to make and they just perform so well right now. Uh and I think if you're a little bit creative, this can be one of the best niches on YouTube. Uh you can see here, here's a channel that's posting them. 1.6 million subscribers off only 181 videos. You can see their average views is like 1 million, 1.7, 2.4, 2.6, 3.4, 2.9, 2.8, 800k. Like they literally don't not go viral. You can see like 11 million views here. Like they just go viral every time they post. So again, this is just one of the niches that I think has some of the most opportunity right now. So just to show you an example, this is what these videos look like. So it's basically just literally, you know, some Roblox gameplay with some captions and a voiceover and they're basically just telling a story and then they put a bunch of memes and pictures on top of the you know, on top of the video and that basically just makes it a lot more engaging. Again, it makes sure it's transformative so that you can get approved for monetization. Uh and overall, again, it's very simple. This is essentially like a remaster of the traditional like Reddit stories niche. Basically just like telling a funny story, but they do it with captions, a really fast voiceover, and of course, they put memes all over it. They put pictures everywhere to kind of visualize what they're telling a story about. And now the third niche that I want to show you is again, one of my personal favorites. This is a niche that has actively made me tens of thousands of dollars. So this is the ranking niche. It's one of the easiest niches to get into that has some of the highest view potential. So you can see this video right here. Like this is what a ranking video looks like. You basically take, you know, four or five viral short clips that went viral on like TikTok or Instagram or like another platform and you compile them into just a compilation where you rank them. And then you add some edits, you know, some you do a voiceover, add some captions, you add transitions, effects. Like you add a bunch of stuff to these videos to make them transformative and again, like make them high quality so that it's an original new video. And again, just to show you what is possible with this niche. I'm not saying everyone's going to get results like this, but this channel right here has 147 videos posted, over a million subscribers, and you can see they've done 3.2 billion views. Like billion. That's insane. And if you look at their views, every video. Look at that. Literally millions on every video and then they get like 135 million, 48 million, 50 million. Like this has some of the most view potential out there out of any niche I've ever seen on YouTube short form. All right, so those are my top three favorite niches right now on YouTube shorts. But with that said, you obviously don't have to do one of these niches. There's plenty of other niches out there. But it's just really important again because the core topic of today's video is like making shorts that actually perform and actually go viral. And that all starts with just being in a really good niche that has that potential to reach hundreds of millions of people. So if you don't already have a super viral niche that has a lot of proof of concept and a lot of channels doing really well with it, then just pick one of these. Perfect. So now that you have some viral niches in mind and you can pick one of those, next the before we can get into actually making content for those niches and actually like making and structuring those videos to go viral, you need to understand what makes a video go viral because at the end of the day, if you like I always put it this way, if you don't know the rules of the game, how do you expect to beat the game, right? And that all starts with the YouTube algorithm. Once you understand the algorithm, then it becomes much easier to go get pushed out and get millions and millions of views because you understand what YouTube is looking for in your content to decide whether or not they're going to give it views. So I've created this chart to show you everything that YouTube looks for and how they decide whether or not your videos are going to go viral and I'm just going to walk you through it step-by-step and cover everything that you need to know. So we're going to start off with this chart right here and I'm going to show you step-by-step kind of what occurs when you post a video, right? When you first upload a video, what actually happens that determines whether or not that video goes viral. So basically, when you first post a YouTube short, the first thing that's going to happen is YouTube is just going to immediately start distributing it to about 20 or 30,000 people. You're going to get about 20 or 30,000 views. And that's why you've heard a lot of people talk about the 20 or 30k view jail on YouTube. People are always like, "Oh, I'm stuck in the 30k view jail." And that's because almost every YouTube short gets pushed to 20 or 30,000 people. If it's even like a half-decent YouTube short, you're going to get 20 or 30,000 views right off the bat within a day or two. However, this is where things get tricky and it's tough to break through that 20 to 30k view jail. When YouTube pushes you to that 20 or 30,000 views, they push about 80% of those views come from non-subscribers. So you just got to keep that in mind that 80% of people that see your video right off the bat tend to be people that have not subscribed to you or have never even seen your videos before. Like these are new viewers. They're new eyeballs. Now, the other 20% those are going to be your subscribers or just at the very least like people that have seen your content before. Now, when you get that first 20 or 30,000 views and you get stuck in that jail and it kind of flatlines. You know, your videos go up to 20 or 30,000 views and they stop and they go flat. The reason that's happening is because YouTube has now decided to analyze the performance of the video. So they've given it a test. They've pushed it out to that group of 20,000 test viewers. And from there, they're going to actually analyze how the video did with those viewers. Like how did it perform? And from there, they will then determine what to do next. So based on how the video performs, they will either, you know, if if they see that it got bad stats and it performed badly with that first 20,000 people, they will just stop pushing it. And that's why so many videos get stuck in the 20 or 30k view jail. Your your your channel is not shadow banned. You just you know, YouTube determined your video sucked. That's like I know that's harsh, but that is the reality. YouTube took a look at your stats and they were like, "Nah, this is a bad video. We're not going to keep pushing it." And it stops getting views. However, if they analyze the performance with that first 20 or 30,000 people, they analyze the performance and they see, "Oh, you know what? This actually did get good performance. Like it performed well with those viewers." Then they will give you more views and they'll do that for a while until your video flatlines again and it goes back to analyzing and the cycle repeats. This bottom step just repeats over and over again. They give you views and then the video flatlines for a while. And then they give you more views and then the video flatlines for a while. And your video will literally just grow like that. It'll go up and then it'll flatline and then it'll go up and then it'll flatline. And every time it flatlines, that's coming from and and I'm not saying it's going to flatline for weeks, by the way. It's like it'll just flatline for usually an hour or two. Like your views will slow down a lot and YouTube is analyzing how it performed with those new batch of viewers that they gave it. And as long as the the stats and the performance with the real people watching it are still good, then they'll just keep pushing you out and you'll just keep going through this cycle over here until eventually the reach gets too broad and people are no longer engaging well with that video and they stop pushing it out. So now, the logical question that you should be asking is, "Okay, well what are they analyzing? What do I have to do in my videos to like make sure YouTube analyzes them correctly and decides to push me out to more viewers?" So there's basically two things that they're looking at when they're analyzing your content. The first thing that they look at is the swipe rate. So, every YouTube short gets what's called a swipe rate. And this is the percent of viewers that scroll away in the first 4 seconds. So, if someone is scrolling on their shorts feed and they swipe away within 4 seconds and they swipe to the next short, that's a swipe and that's bad. You want the lowest swipe rate possible. And the bottom line is if you want to get a really low swipe rate, that comes down to the first 4 seconds of your video. And this is this is one of the most important things because a lot of people overthink this. They put an equal amount of effort into their entire video, right? They'll work on it all kind of equally and they'll make sure that the video is perfect all the way through, which you should. However, I think people forget how important the first 4 seconds is because think of it this way, if you lose 50% of your viewers in the first 4 seconds, then it didn't even matter how good the rest of your video was. You could have the first 4 seconds be bad and then the rest of the video is amazing, but you've already lost half your viewers in the first 4 seconds because you didn't hook them, right? So, that's why to get a good swipe rate, you need a strong hook. Your video needs to be very visually attention-grabbing. It needs to have like loud sound effects or like something controversial. There's a bunch of different ways that you can improve your swipe rate. And again, I just want you to think about this in the back of your mind because I'm going to be referencing the swipe rate and this other metric here that we'll talk about in a second, but I'll be referencing these later in the video when I start showing you how to make shorts step by step. It's going to be very critical that you understand why we're trying to optimize for a swipe rate. So, we'll talk more about this later, but just keep in mind that this stat is pretty much the most important thing when it comes to whether or not your YouTube short gets pushed out. Now, the second thing that YouTube really cares about though is the average view duration or AVD is what I'm going to call it throughout the rest of the video. Again, this is going to be important later. The AVD is think of this pretty much as just it's the retention, right? So, it's how long did someone stay on your video on average? Like if you had a random person, on average, how long would they watch your video for? And that is what your AVD tells you. And again, you want this stat to be as good as possible. And if you have a combination where your swipe rate and average view duration are really, really good, that's when you get a 100 million view video. When you have those both those stats are flawless. Now, I just want to give you an example of this on an actual short that I've posted. So, you can see this is a short I posted that got over 10 million views. I posted it about a month ago. So, in a month it's grown up to about 10 million views and it's made about 1.6k in revenue so far in about a month. So, that's pretty good. Now, I want to show you the stats from this video so that you understand what you should be aiming for when it comes to the swipe rate and the AVD. This video got a 24-second average view duration. Now, you're you're probably like, "Okay, well, is that good? Is that bad?" Well, the average view was 40 was 24 seconds long. And this video was only 23 seconds long, meaning the average person, not like the best viewers, but like the average person would watch the whole video and then let it start over a little bit and watch like a second or two more of the video. So, that's why this video got 10 million views because the average person would watch the entire video. That's what it takes to get viral content. You need people to watch all the way through and then often like repeat some of it as well. Now, the other thing that made this video go viral is that we have a 13% swipe rate and an 83 or 86% stayed to watch. What this means is that 86% of people that were scrolling on their for or on their shorts feed stayed on my video longer than 4 seconds and became a watch instead of a swipe. That's why this video did so well. A typical swipe rate is like 30% or 40%. You see a lot of that. I've talked to a lot of people. I see so many people that are like, "Why are my videos not growing?" and they have a 40% swipe rate. This is what it takes to get a 10 million view video. You want a swipe rate of 20% or less. So, this is really good cuz this is only 13%, but the highest you'd want to see on a swipe rate is like 20%. So, you'd want to see like 20% at the very most. If you go above that and you have like a 25, 30% swipe rate, then a lot of the times your video isn't going to get pushed. So, ideally get that swipe rate under 20 seconds so that your swipe rate's like averaging about 15%. And again, the way you do that is by having a really engaging start to your video, which I want you to keep in mind as I show you how to actually make content in our next step. Okay, so now that you have the fundamentals out of the way, let's talk about how to actually make viral shorts step by step. I'm going to show you this for multiple different niches and I'm going to get into the details and show you how to make these, edit these, like everything you need to know. So, the first niche I'm going to show you how to make is commentary videos. Now, the first step to creating any content for any niche is you need inspiration channels. You need channels within your niche that did really, really well and recently that are performing really, really good lately because you can look at them for inspiration and that's going to give you the best chance to go viral, too, because if something worked for them, chances are it will work for you, too. So, the first thing you do to create a commentary video is just that. You start by finding a bunch of commentary channels that have performed really well lately. And believe it or not, if you just scroll through commentary channels like this, before you know it, your entire shorts feed will just feed you commentary content and you'll never have to go looking for these channels anymore. Now, with that said, once you find a good inspiration channel that you want to take ideas from, the next thing you're going to do is you're just going to scroll through their videos and you're going to find outliers. An outlier is a video that did way above their average views, right? So, you can see here their average views, you know, they're probably averaging like between 50 and 100,000, 200,000 views. Like, you know, this one got 194k, 80k, 60k. And then they have a video that got 3.6 million. That's an outlier. This video right here did way better than the their average video. And that makes this an outlier because it's they they did something really well here in comparison to their normal amount of views. Other thing that you can do to identify outliers really easily is just use vidIQ. So, this is a free Chrome extension. So, I've got this pulled up right here. Like I said, this is a free Chrome extension that you can just download to Chrome and it will literally tell you if a video is an outlier. We'll create scorecards for each video that you scroll past. So, as I scroll, you can see this one's only a 1.4 times outlier. That's not that good. You want to be looking for those big outliers like this one that is a more than a 100x outlier. This video did really, really well, more than 100 times better than their average views. Okay, so once you find an outlier video and you're like, "Okay, this is it. This is the video I want to replicate and I want to recreate this video for myself because it worked really well for them, chances are it's going to work well for me." It's important that you keep in mind the 80/20 rule or at least that's what I like to call it. The reason I say this is because if you just like copy their video word for word, line for line, clip for clip, you're not going to get views. You can't just copy people and take their videos. You need to add your own original creativity or like make your own changes to it to make it original. So, when I say the 80/20 rule, what I mean by that is that about 80% of the video should feel very similar. So, like the scripting, you know, the clips, the the voiceover, like 80% of it should feel pretty similar. But then 20% of it you're going to want to change and make it unique by just changing something about it. So, again, if if most of the video is the same, that 20% change could be doing a totally different style of voiceover and captions. That's enough of an adjustment to make your video now look very different than theirs. So, with that said, for this example, here is my outlier video. This is a video about like swimming pools on yachts. And I'm going to show you step by step cuz you can see this video right here was a 57 times outlier. So, obviously it did very well for this channel. And I'm going to show you step by step how I would make videos for this if I was going to replicate this video. So, the first thing you're going to do is you need to go find the original clip, right? Because we don't want to use their clip that has a bunch of editing and it, you know, has a bunch of effects, it has like arrows, whatever, captions. We want to find the original clip. And there's basically two good ways you can do this. The first thing is check the description because a lot of commentary channels, they'll just give you the credits. So, you can see right here, they already gave us all the credits. However, if you find a really good clip that you want to use and they didn't give you credit, what you can basically do is you can just screenshot the clip. So, I'll show you that right now. You can just screenshot this. So, let's pull this up. Let's screenshot it. And then you can actually just once you screenshot that, go over to Google and just reverse image search that screenshot. And you're going to see that it's gone and found a bunch of other clips on social media platforms that match that. And I bet if we pull this up, I'm willing to bet there it is. Here's the original clip. We found that literally with a quick reverse image search. We found the original clip without actually like needing to go search up credits or whatever, just by reverse image searching that screenshot. That is one of the best ways to find good clips to use for your commentary channel. Now that we've got the original clip, the next thing that we need is a script and a voiceover to put on top of this. So, the way we're going to do that is a little bit sneaky. We're going to basically go back to the original inspiration short and we're going to copy the link of that short. So, I'm just going to copy that. So, once you copy the link, the next thing you're going to want to do is just head over to this website right here called youtubetotranscript.com and just paste in that link and then hit get free transcript. And that is going to give you a full transcript of that video so that you now have their entire script. From there, the next thing you want to do is open up ChatGPT and paste in this prompt right here. So, I'm going to leave this up on the screen for you. Feel free to screenshot this, write it down, whatever you want to do. This is the prompt that I would use. And then at the end of that prompt, you're just going to paste in your script that you copied from that inspiration video. So, you just paste that in right there and then just hit send. And what that's going to do is it's going to copy the script so that you now have a script that works exactly for this clip. It's going to be perfect and it's going to cover all the right topics within your, you know, your original clip. However, it's not going to like use the exact same words as the original. That way it's now a new script. It's new and it's original, but it's still high quality. Now, from there, what you're going to want to do is just copy this script that you now have, your finished script, and just go paste that into this website, which is elevenlabs.io. So, you're going to go paste this into eleven labs and hit generate. And what this is going to do is it's going to create a voiceover for you that is going to sound super human and natural. In eleven labs, they have a ton of different voiceovers you can choose. You can play with all the settings, make it faster, slower, you know, more like with more tone, whatever you want to do. So, you can set this up the way you want it to sound. And what I even do, this is just a pro tip if you want to do commentary successfully, I really, really recommend that you don't use an AI voice and that you actually use your own voice. Because if you use your own voice for the voiceover, it makes your content so much more authentic, so much harder for other people to copy the exact video and have it sound exactly the same, and you run into way fewer issues with monetization or anything like that because your own human voice is now in the video. So, I really recommend it. It's what I do on my own commentary channels. And basically, the way you can do that is you can actually use the voice cloning feature within eleven labs. So, I've cloned my own voice in here so that now I can literally just generate a voiceover every time I make a video and I don't have to sit down and record one every time. All I had to do was give eleven labs like three minutes of me talking and I was able to clone my own voice so that now I can literally just hit generate and I can create a voiceover that sounds like me without ever actually having to record anything. And then from there, 90% of the work is now done. You've got a viral clip, you've got a viral script, you've got a voiceover that sounds just like you without actually having to record them. And all you need to do now is you just need to edit this together, which is very easy. You can see a clip like this. It's very simple. It's literally just auto captions. You can just download your clip, throw it in CapCut, put your voiceover on it, and just throw some auto captions on there. This will take you two minutes. So, it's a very easy process to actually go edit this. Now, if you remember what we just talked about though in the last step, we talked about how important it was to have a low swipe rate and high retention. So, you need to keep those two things in mind when you are editing this together. The way you can increase your swipe or decrease your swipe rate and get the lowest amount of swipes is by having a very strong visual hook. So, a visual hook is going to be something like this. See how they have this little red dot just kind of like show up to like draw your attention in? Just adding something as simple as that or adding something as simple as an arrow like this. See how this guy just has like an arrow hovering above his head? Again, you can add that in two seconds in CapCut. It'll take you two seconds to put in there, but it just makes it so much more visually engaging. So, you need stuff like that to just pull your viewers in and get them very committed to the video so that you get a very low swipe rate. Now, that is pretty much everything you need to know about how to make the commentary niche. Now, we're going to move on and the next one I'm going to show you is how to make the ranking niche. So, if you remember the ranking niche, it's literally just a compilation of viral clips with some additional stuff like auto captions and things like that to make it more engaging and more original. Now, the cool thing about this niche is that it is by far the easiest to make out of anything I'm going to show you today and you can automate all the editing with AI. To do this, we're going to be using a tool called viblo.ai. So, I'll leave the link to this in the description below. The cool thing about this tool is that it again, it will automate 90% of the editing for you with AI and they have a seven-day free trial so that that way you can actually start posting content and getting your first shorts out without actually having to pay for the tool. So, it's a really cool system and again, I'll put the link in the description so you can go check it out. Now, once you're in Viblo, you're going to see a bunch of different niches here, a bunch of different stuff, but the thing that we want is the video ranking section. So, you're going to scroll down to that and click start ranking. And what this is going to do is open up an editor view and this is basically where we can just really quickly whip together our our ranking video. So, the first step to creating your ranking video is the same as commentary, which is you need to find a viral outlier that did really well and did way better than all the other videos on that channel on average. So, you find an outlier and we're not going to use their exact clips. Remember the 80/20 rule. What we're going to do is we're going to just use their topic. So, I've got an example here where ranking funniest basketball moments. That's a topic that performed really well for this channel. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of use that topic, but I'm going to make it a little bit more my own. So, as you can see, I just came up with this. I was like, "What can I change about this to just make it slightly different, but I'll still use the same styles of clips?" It's like instead of doing ranking funniest basketball moments, I'm just going to do like ranking legendary basketball moments, right? And then from there, so we've got our title. This is like the topic of what we're going to be ranking. You want to make this look good. This is super key for the swipe rate, which we already talked about earlier. If you want to get a really good swipe rate, you're going to see every ranking video does this. They have a really well-formatted title and they format this title strategically. They're not just doing this for no reason where they do like red and yellow or like they do multiple colors or multiple lines. This is very intentional and it helps with the swipe rate. You basically want to make sure that it is very easy for the viewer to understand what your video is about as fast as possible. And you can see the way my title is by default, this is like it takes a second to read. Your eyes can't read it fast enough because it just it's like a bunch of text on a gray background. So, what I'll do to fix this is I'll start by coming down a line. So, I'll try to divide it pretty evenly, like like that. That's perfect. I have four words, so I'll divide it kind of in two cuz they're they're all about the same size. So, this looks good. I've got them kind of like well positioned. Now, from there, I'm going to actually highlight two of the most important words or like one or two of them depending on that. Honestly, for this, I'll probably do legendary and basketball. So, I'm going to highlight my two most key words in this title and then I'm going to change the color of those and I'm going to make them like in this case, I'm going to do red. So, now we've got ranking legendary basketball moments. And now because half the words are white, half of them are red, and it's split onto two lines, people can understand what your video is about in like half a second. Like your eyes just intake this so much better and it becomes so much faster for someone to understand what your video is about. So, it's very important that you have a well-formatted title because it just gives your video the best chance at success. And then what you can do too as well that I always like to do is turn on title drag and then just bring this down a little bit because you don't want it right at the top of the screen. You want to kind of like position it nicely, kind of like a little bit down the screen. So, that's just important as well to make it kind of easy for the viewer to see. You can see this is kind of how they have theirs where it's kind of like there's a bit of space between the top and the title. Perfect. So, that's done. Now, the next thing you need to do is you need to go find the viral clips that you're going to be ranking. We need to go find viral basketball clips to to use, right? By far the best way that you can actually go find these clips to use is to just use TikTok because they have such a good search engine. So, I just looked up literally what my video is like what kind of clips I want to get. I just be creative here. You can look up like basketball crazy moments, basketball funny moments. Just like look stuff up until you find enough clips. Basically, we're just going to look up basketball funny and you can see that we found a bunch of good clips to use here. We've got like this one right here where this guy like cuz he just like falls over. You can see that. He just like completely falls. So, that's a good one. This did pretty well. There's this other clip here where this kid like punches his dad while they're playing basketball. This got 1.3 million views and 85k likes in six days. So, that's also a really good clip. So, once you find a clip that you really like, what you're going to do is just copy the link of that clip and then head over to Viblo again and just paste that into whichever spot you want it to be ranked at. So, like if you want it to be, you know, the number one video cuz ranking videos descend order, right? You have like 7 6 5 4 3 2 1. So, you just put it in the video slot that you want. So, like video number one, video number two, or you can add more videos. You can have like a bunch of them, right? So, we'll just put this as video number one. So, you're just going to add the link and hit send. And then this is going to go and get the video and put it in your ranking video for you. As you can see, it added this video, this clip straight into my video for me. So, I've got this clip in here now that's now formatted directly into my ranking video. And I don't have to do anything about this like this is just some random slow-mo basketball clip I'm using for this example, but you get the idea. I've got this clip just in here. And from there, what I like to do is I'll also turn on captions. This is pretty important. You want to add auto captions because this also makes your video a lot more original and high quality and transformative so that it's not too similar to just like a compilation video. So, you can choose whichever one you want, but I find what works best is just these ones where it's just like a single word at a time that will show up. So, I'll do, you know, captions like that. And then from there, there's a bunch of settings you can do and I'll usually just position them towards the bottom a little bit. I'll kind of just put them down there and that usually looks the best. You can also turn on subtitle drag and kind of put them wherever you want, but you get the idea. I'm just going to turn that off and put them back where I want them. So, pretty straightforward. I usually just put them kind of towards the bottom. And then one thing I'll do as well is I'll turn up the stroke. So, put the stroke up to like kind of like that just because it makes it and then you can also bold the text. So, you can kind of like bold it with a stroke of like that. And then that looks just like really good and it separates it and it just makes it like easier to kind of see from the background. All right. Now, from there, the next thing you want to do is you also want to make sure that you've trimmed your clip to like just the most important part. With ranking, it's really important that you're not like showing unnecessarily long amounts of the clip because you're going to be ranking a lot of clips, right? And you want to keep your video, the ideal length for ranking videos like 35 to 40 seconds long. You want to be in that range. So, you don't want to just show the whole clip for no reason. So, trim it down to just like, you know, I just want to show the first like four seconds of this clip, right? So, I'll start it at like one second in and and literally just going to show three seconds of that cuz that's like the most important 3 seconds of the clip, right? You don't want to show unnecessarily long amounts of the clip, because again, that comes down to the AVD that we talked about earlier. If you want a low AV or a good AVD where people stay the whole time, don't have a bunch of boring stuff happening in your video. You want your video to be really fast-paced, right? So, you want to cut out all the dead space and stuff in your video that isn't adding to the clip. So, anyway, I've trimmed it to just the best parts. And then the last thing you need to do is you need to set a video title for which one you'll be like which video this is that you're ranking. You can see here, they like have a title for each clip. So, I just put something random here like bro fell too hard, right? Like just you just put like a title, whatever you want it to be. You can set like the stroke up a little bit to make it really easy to see, and you can also animate it, you know what I mean? So, that like when it first shows up, it like comes in with like an animation or whatever. Again, it's just these subtle details that help make sure this video is like really original and transformative. So, that's basically how I would set this up. And then from there, you just keep doing that. You just add more and more clips. And you can see here, I can just go and add more. And on average, you're going to want to add about five clips. That's like the sweet spot. You can go as high as like when you look at a video like this, they did seven, right? They ranked like seven clips. You can do kind of up to seven, but don't do less than four. So, go four to seven is your sweet spot. If you go more than seven, they just tend to not perform that well. And if you go fewer than four, they also tend to not perform that well. And remember, just at the end of the day, doesn't actually matter as long as you're in that range, four to seven clips. At the end of the day, you just want to make sure your video is 35 to 45 seconds long. So, as long as you're in that range of clips, and you're in that range of time on your video, then you're set up and you're good to go. And then when you're done, you just hit generate and you just export this and it's like literally ready to go and your video's like done. And the only thing I'll say about this before we move on to the next niche is visual hook. To get that swipe right down, it's like I mentioned before, you need to make sure you have a strong visual hook that captures the viewer's attention. The way you do that is by making sure the clip that you rank first, like whichever one shows up at the very beginning of the video, whichever one is the first clip in the video, that is going to be your most engaging clip, right? You can see like here, they open their basketball video with this clip of this guy ice skating and slam dunking, you know, like on ice skates. It's super engaging. So, it's very important that you open your video with the most engaging clip out of the five clips that you're ranking. Don't start with your worst clip. Start with your best clip to hook your viewer's attention. All right, now with that said, we're going to move on to the next tutorial, which is the Roblox rants. So, everybody always asks me for this one, so I'm going to do it. I'm going to show you exactly how to make Roblox rants. So, for reference, this is what those look like. Again, they're just literally like random stories, and it's all about the story with this, by the way. I want to make that clear. Like the editing is important, but it doesn't matter that much. What matters most is that the story is really good. You need a very strong, interesting story, because that's literally what these videos are. It's all about the story that you're telling and, you know, making sure it's like really fast-paced, and really engaging, and really interesting. So, that's basically the format. Now, like any other niche, you want to start with outlier topics that you find on big channels within this niche. So, here's a channel right here, Kitty Rants, that has 700,000 subscribers off 111 videos. And we're going to go through and we're just going to I'm just going to sort it by popular for this example and grab like a random example here. So, as you can see, here's a video that was a huge outlier for them, got a you know, it's an 11x outlier. So, it did like 11 times better than average. And this video's like these are the rules I'd have if I was a teacher. Number one, phones aren't allowed in class, right? It's like just random like school rant. And basically, what you're going to do is when you find an outlier that has a scripting style that you really like, I'm not saying the topic, because we want to again, 80/20 rule, make it a little bit different. But once you find a scripting style that you really like, you're going to just copy the link of that short. From there, you're going to head over to the same website as before that we used for the commentary niche, so youtube to transcript.com. Just paste that in and hit get free transcript. And there we go, we've got the full script from this Roblox rant. We're going to head over to ChatGPT again, and we're going to use this prompt. This is different than the prompt we used for commentary, and it's got another step involved. So, just again, I'll leave this up on the screen for a sec. Screenshot it, write it down, whatever you want to do. What you're going to do is you're going to have this prompt right here, and you're going to paste in your script that you just stole off of YouTube. So, there's our script. There's our prompt. And then you're just going to change this little section here. See where this variable that says topic? Change that to be whatever you want your new video to be about. So, what we're basically doing here, just so you understand, is that the prompt instructs ChatGPT to replicate the structure, scripting style, and tone, and like writing style of this Roblox rant, because they have a really good format that clearly worked very well, but to do it about a different topic, because we don't want to just steal their exact rant. Copy-paste, that won't perform. So, instead of doing a rant about rules I would have if I was a teacher, I'm going to do something a little bit different, but still similar. So, like rules I'd have if I was a parent. Let's do that, right? Because that's like again, it's similar, but it's a different topic. And again, you can use ChatGPT to come up with you can get ChatGPT to feed you tons of ideas. You can use AI to help you with this, but honestly, just be a little creative. The best Roblox rants are one like the ones that have done the best for me, they get millions of views. Those are ones I just like tend to come up with. I just like rant about something interesting or funny that that's like happening, right? So, with that said, anyway, there we go. I've got my prompt ready, so I'm going to go ahead and hit send, and this is going to write me my script. So, there we go. I've got a viral Roblox rant script that is super optimized, that is literally in the exact same style, tone, writing style, everything feels very, very similar, as if, you know, Kitty Rants wrote this script about this new topic. So, from there, you're just going to paste that script into ElevenLabs, just like what we did with commentary, and you're now going to be sitting here with a viral script that you can now turn into a viral voice-over with one click. And then from there, it's the same as commentary. 99% of the hard work is done. You've got a viral script, you have a a viral optimized video, and literally all you have to do is just edit this up really quickly. And that's not hard. You literally just go screen record some Roblox gameplay, throw that in CapCut, and then just put auto captions. Turn on auto captions, and then just like put some memes on top, right? Just like throw some pictures on top in CapCut. This will literally take you a couple minutes if once you get good at it. Like this is not hard. This is a very simple thing to do, um just using CapCut. So, that's pretty much the process for creating these. Again, the hardest part about Roblox rants is the creativity, and that part is done completely with AI. And then editing this only takes you a couple minutes. So, now that you know three different ways you can create viral shorts almost entirely with AI, now you just need to understand that you have to be consistent if you want results. It doesn't matter how good your videos are. You can have the perfect video, and if you if you just post one video, the odds of you going viral are very, very low, cuz you're only putting up one shot at going viral. If you want to be able to reach millions of people or hundreds of millions of people a month, the only way you're going to get results like that is if you post consistently. So, you need to be doing one to two videos every single day. That is a non-negotiable. Like I don't ever really see people get results with YouTube automation if they if they post like, oh, I'm tired today. I'm going to skip my poster. I'm, you know, I'm not feeling good or I'm busy, whatever. If you're skipping days, just like you can say goodbye to getting results. It's that simple. Like if you want results, I'm just I'm pushing you to take action and be consistent with it. And just all you got to do is a video a day or two videos a day. And if you do that every single calendar day, and you do that for a few weeks or a month or two, you are going to get results. You know, my first channel, I was able to get it monetized and earning within 35 days. But do you think I took days off in that 35 days? No. I was so consistent. I was like locked in for 35 days posting every single day, and that channel got monetized. I just talked to someone who's been doing the ranking niche who got monetized like a couple weeks ago. He's already made $600. And I just spoke to him yesterday. He has been posting literally exactly for like a month and a half, and he has not missed a day. He's just he's been insanely consistent. So, that should give you a sense of what's possible. If you're consistent for the next month or two, you could have a channel that's potentially generating a few thousand dollars a month in revenue. That's completely realistic and something that the average person can achieve if you're consistent and you learn as you go, right? If you just put up one video, you're not going to get results. If you post every day, and every day you try to make it a little bit better, and try to improve, and try to find better topics, better clips, better editing, all those little changes every day start to compound, and before you know it, you're making expert-level content. So, anyway, that is it for this video. Thank you for watching, and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VoxelNova-23c [6 likes]: I hope y’all get where y’all wish,keep the grind and the work up!
  2. @BeforeYouScroll101 [2 likes]: Hey guys, i hope you will go viral soon!❤
  3. @ShoaibSarwari-f4s [2 likes]: Man you made my day 
 i was just be disappointed  but as i watched your video till the end its give me  motivation that need consistency   
 every time that i upload video i will reply message in this comment 

❤❤❤
  4. @D-Rock21 [2 likes]: thank u buddy this gives me HOPE that i too can do it and have fun with it. !! im a newbie on disability and i get bored and want to keep busy so after watching this, im going to give it a go!! and see what happens. Ill be back to give an update.
  5. @OneMoreMConfession [1 likes]: Appreciate your work!
  6. @ViralWhips [1 likes]: Perfect methods, thanks man!
  7. @CartoonCreationsYT [1 likes]: Good stuff 👏
  8. @memelasagna: The problem with these types of videos, is the channels he is showing you as examples are not monetized. They might be getting millions of views, but they are not monetized. What the point of spending so much time and effort on a channel that can't be monetized
  9. @ChessOfficialReal: this is complete bs bro
  10. @ShortShorts150: knowledge is power
  11. @TheRescueMamba: isnt this considered reused content if its not fully transformative
  12. @danotebookarchivist: I lost any and all interest when i read "AI"
  13. @sadiasayeed-mg4hq: how to upload it on youtube
make a vidio on it
  14. @BADLT27: WHERE DO THEY GET THE VIDEOS FROM TO USE TO CREATE THESE?
  15. @Luisnerycoreli: Esqueceu de falar que o viblo e pago
  16. @Mohammedd100: giving credits is very important ?
  17. @BollywoodHindiMasala: Thanks🤑🤑
  18. @shadowscriptAI420: what voice is he useing in the roblox reant neach?
  19. @L4B5: hey Kellan, how can we collab?
  20. @OTfails: commenting so im  not a bot yt

- Can I go Viral on YT Shorts with ONLY AI?: Kind: captions Language: en Today we have a special video. I want to see if I can go viral on YouTube shorts only using AI. And another challenge I'm adding to this is I want to do it within a day. Now I tried this one time and it it went pretty okay. Here are the results, you know what I mean? We got like 10k views. But this time it's [music] going to be different. So the AI we are using is TopView AI which uses Seed Dance 2.0, an immaculate video engine. And it pretty much turns your prompt into a structured video and storyboards and does pretty much the whole entire workflow for you. So it's the perfect tool for this job. First things first, we should probably search up and find some niches that we can possibly go viral on. Popular YouTube short niches 20 26. Okay, let's see. Okay, we have eight faceless YouTube niches that will make you rich. So let's watch this. Number one. Okay, number one, horror stories, okay. Number two, car videos. That's what we did last time. Number three, short stories. Okay. Number four, celebrity voice reactions. This is not terrible. Horror stories. This one might be crazy. Historical stories. Okay, I kind of like historical stories. Cuz it might be a little interesting, you know what I mean? Let's ask ChatGPT to give us three really good short historical stories so we can feed it to our AI video tool so we can possibly go viral. us historical interesting historical stories stories that can be summed up within 15 seconds of narration. Make us three scripts so we can that have the narration and the visual appropriate to tell a comprehensive engaging story so we can feed it to TopView AI to create YouTube shorts with Seed Dance 2.0. So this is the prompt, just telling ChatGPT to give us three interesting historical seconds of narration. And I told it to make us three scripts that have narration and visuals appropriate to tell a comprehensive engaging story. So, we can feed it to Top View AI and then it will create us our YouTube shorts with C Dance 2.0, which then we will upload and we will go viral. All right, we're sending this prompt. Obviously, each script will go towards one short each. So, we kind of have three chances here to go viral. And here it is. Okay, chat started generating the three stories. And I already I already like the formatting. It gives us the narration. So, we have the Great Emu War. In 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. This was actually crazy. The emus scattered, outran the trucks, and kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. The emus basically won the war against Australia. And it tells uh Top View what to do and what to put in each scene. So, that's engaging. I feel like this is going to do really well. Oh my gosh. So, for the second short, we have the Dancing Plague of 1518. And then the last one, we have The Man Who Survived Both Atomic Bombs. This one is super interesting. So, let's copy the first one, which is this, and then copy it. And then let's go to Top View, and let's use the Video Agent V2, which is literally the most powerful video model. And obviously, C Dance on it. And then let's paste it in here. Let's also change this to 19 by 16, cuz it is shorts. And let's change [music] it. Let's keep it on Yeah, let's put it to 1080, honestly. And then let's make the duration probably like Yeah, let's keep it 15 seconds, cuz honestly, that might keep the most retention. All right, now let's send it. All right, it's preparing the template. Let's see. Okay, so now it's making like a storyboard type thing. And it's just plotting out the entire thing. All right, so let's generate it. All right, so now it is generating and it will take about 12 minutes. Hopefully, this is good and it's not slop. If this is slop, bro, you know what I mean? I'm I'm I'm deleting the channel. I'm joking. I'm just Yeah, hopefully, this is good because Video Agent V2 is very, very powerful. And as you can see, it's pretty much an AI that can actually just go straight to video. So, yeah, I'll probably come back in 11 minutes, cuz it's going to take a minute. All right, Top View has finished. Okay, and I'm already seeing some nice visuals here. You know what I mean? So, let's uh let's rewind this right here and let's play it. Let's just view it. In 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. The emus scattered, outran the trucks, and Woah. Yo, these visuals are good. These visuals are good. Let's keep playing it. >> kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. The emus basically won a war Bro, this is actually really good. This is actually reminds me of those shorts, like those historical shorts. And I like how it gave us the POV inside the truck. It really made me feel like I was there, bro. war against Australia. All right, this was perfect, honestly. There's not much else to do to it besides download it. Let's Let's export this. Okay, we have exported it, and now let's upload it to the channel. All right, we're just going to change the title to pretty much what ChatGPT gave to us, The Great Emu War, and let's just paste it in right here. And then the description, we're literally just going to put the narration because it's it's the script. It pretty much describes the entire event. So, let's just paste it in right here. And let's put some hashtags. So, #history, #emus, and #Australia. Let's turn all this off. All right, now for the tags. I asked ChatGPT to make me some, so let's just copy it right here, and let's paste in the tags. Perfect. All right, that's pretty much it. Um yeah, that's pretty much it. Let's set the visibility to public. Boom. That is our first short done, bro. First short. Let's click on it and let's let's see Let's just watch it in the YouTube format. All right, here's our short. Let's like it up, you know. >> 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. Look at the captions, too. Yeah, this is perfect. >> scattered, outran the trucks, and kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. >> really about to be famous. Yeah, this is good. This is This is amazing. We're about to be famous, bro, by the end of this video. All right, now let's do the second one. So, so we'll just stay inside the top view V2 agent, and let's paste the second one, which is the dancing plague of 1518. Let's copy this narration right here. And this one's pretty much about like in 1518, a woman in Strasbourg started dancing on the street and people started joining her, and no one knows why to this day. So, it's actually pretty interesting and scary. Yeah, let's copy everything here, and let's paste it into Video Agent V2, and everything will pretty much be the same. So, let's now generate [music] it. All right, it is now generating the next part. Hopefully, it gives us some good stuff, bro. This one is probably the most interesting story out of the three, in my opinion. So, I'm hoping it does us justice, honestly. But, we'll see. Let's see. I'll come back when this is done, cuz yeah. All right, it is finally [music] done. So, let's check this bad boy out. All right, let's click play. Hopefully, we don't get slop this time, either. Oh, look at this. Does it have captions? All right, let's see. In 1518, one woman in Strasbourg started dancing in the street and just Dancing? >> Within weeks, hundreds Bro, what was that animation? I like the visuals so far. Okay, let's go on. joined her, dancing for days without rest. Some reportedly collapsed or died from exhaustion. >> Okay, whoa. >> day, nobody knows exactly why. The mystery was never solved. That's Okay, this is good. This is good. Good combination, this ChatGPT and Invideo. It makes very good content. All right, so this will be the second clip. So, let's export it, and now let's go to YouTube, and let's upload this bad boy. Look at this, the first video already has 32 views within like 2 minutes. It already has three likes. Yeah, this is going to go viral, bro. Anyways, let's upload the second video, and let's just drag it in right here. All right, as we did before, let's just change the title to what ChatGPT gave us. So, the Dancing Plague of 1518, and boom, put it in there. In description, let's just change it to narration, obviously. And then the tags, same thing. It already gave us the tags down here. So, let's copy this, and let's paste it in, and boom, our next short is ready, pretty much. So, let's click next, next, next, and let's publish. Boom, second short is up. So, let's click this and watch it real quick. All right, here it is. Let's play it. >> one woman in Strasbourg started dancing in the street and just Yeah. >> couldn't stop. Within weeks, hundreds joined her, >> That's what I like to see. >> dancing for days without rest. Some This looks like the Bible animated. I like it. All right, let's go back to the top view Asian V2 and let's now paste in the third prompt, which is the man who survived both atomic bombs. [music] This is going to be interesting cuz I actually heard about this story. It's pretty interesting. It's pretty scary. Pretty much this guy right here, he survived the first bomb that fell in 1945 and then just moments later, 3 days later, went to Nagasaki and the second bomb dropped and he survived it and he lived to the age of 93. So let's copy all of this and let's paste it in to top view agent V2. Now let's generate this right here and yeah, it's probably going to take 12 minutes so I'll just come back when it's done. All right, so it finally finished. So let's just let's just preview it real quick. I already like the visuals and it seems to have captions so we should Loki should have done that for each of them but let's play it. Tsutomu Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima when the first atomic bomb fell in 19 I like the black and white Okay, okay. Let's keep playing. >> [music] >> injured. He returned home to Nagasaki just in time for the second bomb 3 days later. This looks like an actual movie. This actually looks like a real movie. We must abolish nuclear weapons. He survived both, lived to 93, [music] and later became a voice against Yo, this is fire. This is This was good. This is really This is This might be the best one. I'm not going to lie. This might be the best one. All right, let's export it. And now let's drag and upload this bad boy short three. Hey, let's set the title from chat GBT and obviously let's take the narration and add it to description. Put hashtag World War II because it seems pretty pretty related. And for the tags, we already have it down here. So let's copy all this from chat GBT and let's paste it in right here. All three of our shorts are finally up. Let's refresh the page and see how well they did in 30 minutes. Hey, so our first one got 84 views, three likes. Second one got 39 views and a comment. Yeah, honestly I'm going to check back in 24 hours and update you guys on a YouTube short how well these three shorts do. I have my bets on the last one or the dancing plague one to be doing the best, but honestly, any of them could take off and do very, very well. Can I go viral on YouTube shorts with only AI? We will see in 24 hours. Be sure to check out TopView Agent V2 that I used in this video. It did amazing. Link will be in description. I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daleyza-Vs [23 likes]: Bent was due 💔💔💔 ..
  2. @tef-AI [17 likes]: Bent was due 💔💔💔
  3. @AtomicCobraXD [8 likes]: “Job had one bro”
  4. @ditz3ntech [2 likes]: Not missing a tef video 🔥
  5. @TealDragons78 [1 likes]: you shouldve done some socrates skeleton shit bruh
  6. @SaiyanAce1 [1 likes]: Your last video you said the next video would be a game related video😢😢😢
  7. @ditz3ntech [1 likes]: Next up should be you trying to copy the Phineas2Trappy style! It's been blowing up on TikTok, and it's hilarious! Gets me laughing out loud every time it appears.
  8. @TacticalFox543-r8g [1 likes]: where's the skyrim video
  9. @Woodcam18MC: Tips give ur video time to gain view if u upload 3 at once only one will get view the rest will not when u see the first one flat line then u should post
  10. @Burbadog: dumahh show the results on the apps
  11. @Wraithfn2: Back in the day, we tested how good they can copy Fortnite.
  12. @samuelsmusiak: Honestly would it be crazy if you made multiple different slop accounts with specific niche topics like creepy history, boxing histort etc. And just kept farming engagement with the slop content? Does the algorithm have anything in place to keep you from spamming videos like that?
  13. @Baldinewsyt: Yes but you're going to be hit with the demonetisation hammer
  14. @Porcupine_vr: you should make a video where you make an IOS app using AI. Then, add subscriptions or something and see how much you can make.
  15. @MrStormV10: two videos in a row lets go
  16. @r16d47: 15 credits to create one short. For $29/month subsciption you get 80 credits per month. Thats 5.33 shorts, and $5.44 per short. Google search says youtube pays 5 cents per 1k views. So to break even each short would need to generate 108k views EACH.
  17. @hudson4421: ts peak make more of these lmao
  18. @FSnatewya23: Tef next video can you use google antigravity to build a undertale sans clone (first to hype)
  19. @Rehan-p8t6c: Where is the gaming vids
  20. @JDdeRidder-q7h: can you put me in a vid plez.

- How To Actually Make Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en This is a channel that my friend ran, which is now completely dead. Our goal was to reach a 100,000 subscribers, and we did. But now views are down, revenue is basically zero, and he hasn't posted in over 2 months. I want to fix that. So, in this video, I'm going to try to create a short for him that gets at least 3 million views to set his channel back on the right track and show you exactly how I did it. No gatekeeping. Okay, so this is the current state of the Pushing Positivity channel. We are barely pulling in 50k views a day. The revenue is zero and we have lost all momentum. Compared to earlier this year when the channel was literally pulling a 100 million views a month. This is not good. But of course, I have a plan. What nobody understands on social media is that videos get pushed out based on how good they are. It's so simple. Great videos over time will always go viral. which means that I'm about to spend a ton of time looking at what's worked on the channel in the past, what hasn't, current trends, and also what's doing good in our niche right now. Basically, I'm going to craft a mega banger. After lots of hours of grinding, I have officially cooked up a six-step master formula to make a short on this channel go viral. You probably think that I'm going to start with ideation and I'm going to tell you to get a very good video idea off the top of your head. But to be honest, if you do this, you are absolutely cooked. Having a good idea is incredibly important, but the step that you actually need to start with to make a viral video is analytics. YouTube literally tells you what you need to fix to make your video go viral. Look at this. This video that I posted did horribly. Can you guess why? It's because the video was dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When I was making it a while back, I thought that people would actually care about Kaisenat's car collection, but they don't. And the way that I presented the information made people care even less. On top of that, my audio sucked, which is why the retention took a super huge dive 4 seconds into the video because literally everybody was scrolling away. If you don't have a video uploaded yet, you can skip this step for now and just make the best video that you possibly can. You can literally get a video up within an hour using the V-Max Remix feature. Right now, I'm going to go through the analytics on the Pushing Positivity channel to try to find a video with really good retention stats that I can go off of. Let's get cooking. Okay, this video about Kaisenat and his best friend Ray going missing performed really, really well on the channel before. And I think that these analytics are absolutely perfect to go off of for this next video that we're about to make. I think that this video did good because people know who Kais and Ray are and the hook was implying that something bad happened to their friendship. I'm going to keep that in mind. But also, this video is 55 seconds long and has a 50-second average view duration, which is crazy. So, I think if there's like a longer story where we're implying that something bad happened and we can deliver on that, then this will do really good. Also, this was one of the first videos posted on the Pushing Positivity channel, which is why it's only made 400 bucks because it wasn't even monetized when it blew up. Okay, so knowing this, now we are good to go to the next section. Take a look at these two videos because there's a problem here. >> Aisha Speed just got in a fight with his brother. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU, BRO? >> DO YOU KNOW HOW MR. Beast made $250,000 in 1 minute? You might think that because I'm talking about Mr. Beast, who is more famous than Kaisenat, that video would do better. But you're wrong. I thought that people would care about Mr. Beast's financial situation, but it turns out that most shorts viewers absolutely do not. The first video about speed performed about 100 times better than the Mr. Beast one because the idea was 100 times better. This is the first rule of good ideas. people need to actually care about. But having an idea that people just care about isn't enough. You have to fill a gap in the market. In social media, the easiest way to make viral content is to make content for audiences that are starving for it. The whole goal here is to find ideas that your viewers haven't been shown before, which in our streamer niche is streamer stories that happen every day. So, since we've already established in the previous section that I'm going to do some sort of video about like what happened to Kaisnat's best friend, Ray, I'm going to look for similar video ideas that fit that narrative. Okay, I have cooked up a banger. I was strategically doom scrolling and I came across the story about how Kai and Ray are beefing and this hasn't been covered on any channel in our niche yet. Usually to find banger video ideas, I come across them strategically doom scrolling or I'm using the oneplus 1 equals 2 method where I mix two concepts together or I am using the zoen twist method where I steal something that's already worked and change it by 5%. I am super confident that we have a banger idea now. So on to the next section. If you are currently making content on social media, I want you to open up your analytics right now and look at your most recent retention graph. You will see that you probably have what I call the 4se secondond drop. This is by far the most common reason why your videos aren't going viral. And you can fix this with good script writing. Let's look at the script for the primitive survival fakes video that I showed you before because it has one of the flattest retention graphs that I have ever seen. Okay, wait. I'm going to pull this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. These primitive survival videos are fake. The first sentence of your video sets an expectation in the viewer's head for what's to come. And this does go back to ideiation, but this specific first sentence, I'm breaking the connotation of these primitive survival videos being fake that the viewer have already seen before. You literally want to use as little words as possible to be able to set this expectation and then set up for the direct next sentence. See, in this video where two guys turn dirt into an underground house and swimming pool, there's seven different things to prove that the build was staged. Okay, this is an absolute master class and you should lock in. The first half of this sentence feels like you are directly getting into the video and delivering on the promise that you set in the hook. And then the second half of the sentence is a rehook that sets up the rest of the video. Since I'm saying there's seven things that prove that the build was staged, I'm literally setting it up to be like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 for the payoff right at the end. And once you get to this point, you are invested completely and there's no way that you're scrolling. This is called a listical structure, and it's one of the many storytelling frameworks that we've picked up on over making thousands and thousands of shorts, but this one works really well. There's parts of the video where you can see excavator marks, paint cans, and cement bags. But if that doesn't convince you that the build isn't real, then maybe the actual excavator or truck that they forgot to edit out will change your mind. Okay, so this is obviously a run-on sentence, but I wanted to do this on purpose to deliver on the first three right away. So, just like 1 2 3, boom. You know that I am delivering on what I'm talking about. The language that I'm using here implies that in the coming sentences, there's going to be more and more obvious stuff that show why this video was fake. So once again, it's just a rehook to get them to keep watching. The cherry on top is the not so primitive gasoline that they used to light the fire and then the part of the video where they accidentally included a guy in a white shirt working on the build in the background. So subscribe if you think the videos are fake. We're literally just continuing the progression here. And once again, the goal was to not only just say this stuff in the script, but also show what I was talking about visually on screen. So, we're like circling the guy in the white shirt working on the build in the background. I did a subscriber bait hook at the end of the video, which I do not recommend most people do if you're wanting to make money, but that did lead to us getting over 250,000 subscribers from that one video. I got incredibly nerdy about that script breakdown, just so you guys can understand how much I really care about all of the little details here, because that's what makes or breaks the video. So, now I'm going to chef up a banger script for this Kaisenat and Ray video. >> One eternity later. >> I have cooked. What happened to Kaisenat and Ray? Like I was talking about before, this sets the expectation that something happened to their friendship that the viewer hasn't seen yet. And then for the pushing positivity niche specifically, using actual streamer clips to prove your point helps a lot. >> What is wrong with you? You off some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> This proves that the expectation I set in the hook is not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And it adds some curiosity to keep the viewer watching. See, Kai is currently streaming every day for Mafiaon 3, but his relationship with Ray has gone completely wrong. I'm using that same format where the first half of the sentence gets directly into the video and feels like I'm paying off the hook, and then the second half is a rehook. I'm saying like it went completely wrong. See, when Ray first appeared in the Mafia thon, everything was going well, but there's three things to prove that Ry hates Kai. This is setting up that listical scripting format that I just nerded out about on the primitive survival video, which I think will be absolutely fire here because you guys will see what's coming. First is when Kai got [music] extremely upset at Ray and called him out in front of everybody for sleeping way too long. >> This is just the delivery one of the listical format. But the reason why this is so good is because I have clips for all three of these that prove what I'm talking about. >> You can visibly see that Ray was upset and everyone in the chat was saying that Ray might be depressed. But that's not all. Next is when Kind the boys were driving home from the theme park and all they were doing was eating hamburgers, but Kai started yelling at Ray for having no manners. >> Once again, this is delivery two of the listical format. And then we have a clip that perfectly fits what I'm talking about here to back it up. The cherry on top happened just yesterday when Kai was talking to his stream and saying that Ray might have left the Mafia thon. And then here for this third delivery, as the video is wrapping up, I want to end it as abruptly as possible to give people no time to scroll away, which is exactly what we're doing. If you remember, the video that performed really well before was 55 seconds long, which is why I altered the scripting format slightly from the Primitive Survival Fakes video so that we could get a longer video here. When you're recording videos, literally all you have to remember is three things. The first is that casual is always better. I made this mistake more than anybody else, especially when I started making videos where I have to get into this recording voice and I have this enthusiastic personality and it's just not good. No audience really wants to watch that. It's inauthentic and you can still speak with excitement, just not with this like screaming over-the-top recording voice. [music] The second is that you don't even really need to voice over things anymore. Here's a hook from a video that was completely made with AI. This is a strange species of seaweed and you won't believe what locals do with it. >> We train these voices that would specifically perform well in videos in our tool VMAX. So, if you're interested in that, go check it out. And finally, you do not need a fancy microphone like I have. You can literally just record videos on your phone that go viral. If you think that your audio isn't good enough, you can run it through something like Adobe Podcast to make it sound absolutely insane. We have the exact Pushing Positivity voice clone in V-Max. So, I'm going to spend like 5 minutes to try to oneshot this right now. Most people overco complicate and don't understand what good editing is. But I think that I can explain it to you in under a minute. If I could boil down good editing into one sentence, it would be think about what your viewer wants to see and give it to them. Here, look at this. Sam Sulick, the gym influencers most popular video, has 4.6 million views and is an hour long. In total, there are 14 cuts in the video, which averages out to one cut every 4 minutes. The comments absolutely love this because the less you edit the videos, the more authenticity there is. And they're clicking for the authenticity. Now, when you compare this to a Mr. Beast intro, WHO WOULD WIN IN A GAME OF TOGA WAR, THE STRONGEST MAN ON EARTH, OR [screaming] 100 KIDS? >> They're both clearly trying to accomplish different things, but they work because they're giving the audience exactly what they want. I have a super secret document that I send to all of my editors to make sure that my videos come back as bangers. I'm about to send this pushing positivity video off to get edited right now. So, I want to leak the four main things that are in this document. The first is variety of visuals. So, making sure that the viewer always has something to look at. Usually, we're rotating out the B-roll every.75 seconds. And whenever I talk about something in the script, I always want to show it visually on screen super obviously. So, we're using arrows, circles, zooms to accomplish that. The second thing is continuity. There should be absolutely nowhere for the viewer to click off. Continuity does go into the idea, scripting, and execution of the video, but it's only in editing where you'll actually be able to see if the video flows or not. Oftentimes, it doesn't, and we'll go back in and re-record voice lines or change the script or something like that. Basically, if the video feels like it's edited when the viewer is watching, then you are cooked. The third thing in this document is sound design, which is way more important than you probably realize. Specifically, when editing voiceover lines, I ask all of our editors to put my voice over on two separate tracks so they flow into each other. You probably don't even realize it, but on videos like this one right now, the editors are absolutely cheffing on the sound design. Here's an amazing example from one of my roommate Dean's recent videos. And then the last thing and most important that we focus on in editing is what I call the insane first 4 seconds. I said before that to fix the drop off in the first 4 seconds, the idea, visuals, audio, and hook all need to be aligned. And then you need to directly deliver on the payoff of the video in the next sentence, wasting absolutely no time. In the video that we're cooking on right now, we're going to make it seem like something bad happened to Kin Ray's friendship. We're going to play a clip to prove that, and then we're going to get directly into the video with no time wasted. Because I am lazy, I'm going to have an editor chef this video up in Viewmax and then react to the video when I get it back. >> All right, I got the video back and I am about to watch it for the first time. What happened to Kaisenette and Ray? >> What is wrong with you? You awesome. See, Kai is currently streaming every single day for Mafiaon 3, but his relationship with Ry has gone completely the Mafiaon, everything was going well. But there's three things to prove that Ry hates Kai. First, when Kai got extremely upset at Ray and called him out in front of everybody for sleeping way too long. >> You've been sleeping how long, Ray? Ry might be depressed. But that's not all. Next is when Kai and the boys were driving home from a theme park and all they were doing was eating hamburgers. But Kai started yelling at Ry for having no manners. >> You need a hardcore reset in Taiwan. >> The cherry on top happened just yesterday when Kai was talking to his stream and saying that Ry might have left the Mafiaon. >> That is perfect. The video turned out to be 41 seconds, which is slightly shorter than I wanted, but I think that'll still work. I think that since the channel has no momentum right now, this video might sit at low views for a couple of days before spiking up. But I hope that it just instantly gets like 10 billion views. Most people that start YouTube channels severely underestimate the amount of volume that you need to do to break out of view jail. If you followed the formula that I showed in this video 50 times and actually tried making your videos better each time, you would 100% see some success. The issue is that literally nobody anymore can upload for that long without seeing any success and they freak out after a week of uploading with zero views. I'm about to upload this video and there is no special trick. It doesn't matter if you're on an aged account or if you've heated it up in the comments or anything like that. The only driver that matters to getting views and making money on social media is if the content is actually good or not. Okay, so I'm just going to upload this right now and give it a simple title like what happened to Kaiat and Rey. Okay, and boom, it is uploaded. I will check back in with you guys in a couple of days for the results. [laughter] I have some news for you. It has been a month. 4.3 million views, 2,000 subscribers gained, $650 made. Okay, so right away 15 hours in, this video had like 170,000 views. And then over the next couple days, it just blew up past the goal of 3 million. It has a 40 second average view duration on a 42 second long video. And it has an 8515 swipe rate, which is really, really good. Something that did kind of annoy me is the drop off here, like right after 4 seconds. I was preaching about fixing that 4 secondond drop off, and I still had a slight drop off here. I know that people are going to get mad at me for doing this on an already successful channel, but if you go back and look, we use this exact same playbook to start this channel from zero to making over a,000 bucks a day. If you want to make viral shorts, like in this video, we built the exact template in vmax.io. And if you want to ask me any questions, you can look at the professional plan in V-Max, which gives you access to the private community [music] where I respond to literally everybody. Thank you and have an amazing day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LucBoulch [55 likes]: Checkout viewmax to make viral videos: http://viewmax.io/?ref=luc

We also just dropped an ai caption remover (vid coming soon) that saves you a ton of time when finding b-roll.
  2. @CERBES_EDITZ: U look like that one guy in the michael jackson beat it video
  3. @Zynapses: Umm so how do i get viral with my type of shorts? 🫣
  4. @reset.editxx: nobody's appreciating the amount of value this guy given in a single video
I've seen countless videos similar to this
where every guys is speaking bs
this guy is straight dropping diamonds
  5. @KelsiCatina: “Too clean 😮”
  6. @KelsiCatina: “Well done 💯”
  7. @Chispa_Facts-2: Rsly
  8. @Simphassan: I'm small creator. Every video I create got 30k views
  9. @MonicaBlancheBustillo: Small content creators gather up ❤
  10. @Mr.Diabetes001: I have diabetes
  11. @Auto-Official-v6b: I need just 1000 folowers mate😢
  12. @CarrnageGaming: We will get the. Just keep grinding!
  13. @AsherLovesPop: But 50k views a day for a channel that hasn’t posted for 2 months is quite good. I would love that 😮
  14. @chuckkanuk: I agree with this guy about writing a script and getting things in line before you hit record. If you fail to prepare your preparing for failure.
  15. @DMDDogs: Please can you teach me how to edit give me ur email address so that I can text you
  16. @desirankzila: bwtter
  17. @ZeroToViralreel: Thanks bro for the tips .
 new channel still at  9 views 0 subs
  18. @ChinBot: wait but I cant even use the viewmax or smth ceuase its not acutally free And I dont have enuf money to buy the thing :P
  19. @LastFrame-archive: I pray we all get to where we want to be (wish me luck :p)
  20. @Pixelated-Builders: is this notluc

- My $75K YouTube Shorts System - Full Course In 19 Minutes (Copy My 800M Views Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en I broke the YouTube algorithm, getting over 800 million views with over 600,000 subscribers. In 5 months, I've made close to $75,000. In this video, I'm going to reveal all the secrets, including a simple niche that anyone can start today, even if you know nothing about YouTube automation. All right, before we get into the actual video, I want to mention that this is not a get-rich-scheme. It took me 5 months to achieve this result. So, if you're for quick success, then I'm sorry, this video is not for you. Let's get started. All right, we're going to start with creating the channel. This is simple and I know anyone can do it, but there are a few things you need to do to avoid your channel from getting zero views. The thing is, YouTube does not officially confirm shadow banning the way other platforms do. What usually happens is that new channels get limited initial reach. So, instead of avoiding shadow ban, what you really want is building channel trust from day one. Here's how to properly set up your YouTube channel to avoid triggering low trust signals. Use an old Google account that has normal activity history. Why? Older accounts have search history, watch history, comment history, natural behavior patterns that builds trust. But, if you don't have an old account, then here's what I'll recommend. Create a brand new account, but warm it up for 5-7 days to build those histories. I mean, watch videos daily, like videos, comment naturally, subscribe to the channel you love, and avoid uploading immediately. Act like a real human. Next, go to settings. Channel and feature eligibility. Make sure you verify your phone number. Don't just leave it. Unverified channels look low trust. Now, the keywords. I'm going to be honest with you, I didn't add any keywords here. Per my experience, I don't think this really matters for a short channel, but you can go ahead and add some keywords later on. But, right now, I need you to follow what I'm showing. For the logo and channel banner, you need to keep it simple. Yeah, don't make things complicated. So, for the logo, I recommend you use a face or a recognizable figure. The human brain is obsessed with faces. We even imagine faces in random objects. So, if your channel has a face or a character, your audience will notice you faster and click more often. I'm going to use this. And since the image is in a square shape, there's no need to resize it. I'll just upload it here. For the banner, just open Canva. In the search bar, simply enter YouTube banner. Now, you're going to choose the one you like here, but you need to make sure it has borders like this one. The reason is we want the banner to show on all devices. I'm going to go with this one here. Now, just change the text and the color to your preference. Remember to keep everything in this space. All right, you're going to download it by clicking share. Click on download. And here, click download again. Now, you can upload it here and hit publish. If you've completed this first step, congratulations. You're already ahead of the 99% of people you say they'll start but never do. All right, we're going to move on to the next step. But I kindly ask you to use 5 seconds of your time to like the video and subscribe to the channel. Now that your channel is ready, our next focus is to get monetized. You all know the rules. So, we need a strategy to get 1,000 subscribers and at least 10 million views before we can get monetized. That sounds like a lot, but relax. I got this exact channel monetized in less than 30 days. And I've achieved this result in 5 months. Just chill. You know what? Instead of wasting time warming up your account, what I want you to do is to use that time to find trending videos. Let me show you the actual example I used to create one of my recent videos that's currently at 37 million views. You're going to open YouTube on your new account. But if you're doing this on an old account, I recommend you do this incognito. This way your feed is not personalized and YouTube shows you what is actually trending. Next, search for heartwarming or heroic stories or any story you like. Click on shorts. Now, instead of finding the best topic, we'll do this instead. We're going to find videos that are going viral and recreate them. So, keep scrolling, and once you get the trending video, open up the description to see the total views and when it was posted. Once you get the video you like, then it's time to recreate it. Let me show you this worked for me. This is a video I found some weeks ago, and it's a simple story about a boy who dreams of playing basketball. He really wants to practice, but his parents can't afford to buy him a basketball hoop. One day, a kind neighbor shares his story on Facebook and asks people for help. Because of that kindness, the boy finally gets the basketball hoop he always dreamed of. As you can see, even though this video is a month older, mine has gotten more views. So, I repeated this idea once per day, and I had infinite ideas that are proven to work. This strategy is so good because instead of starting from scratch to get ideas that are set up to fail, we reverse engineer the virality of our video by leveraging what's already working for our audience. But, here's where you need to be careful. Notice why I asked you to recreate instead of steal. If you steal videos, YouTube kills your channel. You're not only going to make no money, but you'll also get hit by copyright strikes. And when it happens like that, YouTube might remove your channel. This is why I never try stealing videos, but recreate them to comply with the YouTube policies and guidelines. But, if this step is complicated for you, then I actually have a simple method I use with AI to consistently find good video topics. But, I can't really share everything here in this video because if the exact strategy becomes public, a lot of people will start copying it, and the niche could become saturated very quickly. So, I decided to leave that part for people who are serious about doing this. I've included that method along with the entire workflow on Gumroad, where I break down everything step-by-step. Just so you know, it's not free. But, inside you'll get the full system, plus I've also added a private WhatsApp group where you can share your channel, and I'll personally review it and help you improve. The link will be in the video description. And even if you don't have any budget to spend, don't worry because I use the strategy I'm showing right now. So, where do I find script to create my videos? It's simple. I get the transcript of the video I'm modeling, then add my own spin. I usually write the script myself, and you can also do that. Yeah, that's better. But, if you can't go with that method, then you can ask ChatGPT to rewrite it for you. Just make sure you read through. Yeah, AI makes mistakes sometimes. Once the script is ready, you can go ahead and generate the voiceover. I use Google AI Studio for the voice. It's also 100% free and unlimited. On the homepage, hit on playground. Go to text-to-speech. And here, pick the first option. Select a single speaker from this tab, and then paste your script. Click here to pick the voice you like. Now, you can hit the run button, and you'll get something like this. She was in danger, and only one kid saw it in time. All right, just hit the three dots and select download to save it. So, where do you find footage for your videos? First, I find the actual characters in the story, then change the style to 3D. Let's use this story as an example. First, I'll get the actual characters. Sometimes, they'll be in a single image like this one. If it's not, then you'll have to find them one by one. Once I get the image, I'll then give it to ChatGPT and ask it to convert it to a 3D style. You can see it gave me this image here. But, separating it won't be easy, so I asked it to separate the characters and give me three separate characters. I then opened it with the normal photo software in my Windows, then separated them one by one. If you can't use the photo editor on your PC, you can also use Canva. Next, I asked it to give me visual scenes for all the lines, and it gave me these prompts. But, you realize it gave me eight scenes here. Meanwhile, the scenes were supposed to be 10 because the script has 10 lines. So, I asked it to regenerate it, and it finally gave me 10 scenes. This is why I always say you should go through everything you generate using AI. Now, we can generate the visuals and then convert it into videos. I'm going to be sincere with you. I use Nano Banana Pro for this step, but you can start with Whisk. It's 100% free, and I think it's unlimited, too. You can see that they're moving Whisk to Flow on this date. So, this step may change a bit in future. All right, start by uploading all your characters here. To add the next character, just hit on this plus button. Once done, just paste the prompt for the first scene. Select the characters that appear in the prompt. For instance, the old man and the boy appeared in the first prompt, so I'll select those two characters. Now, set the aspect ratio to 9 by 16 and generate. Just repeat these same steps to generate all the scene images. All right, now let's turn your images into videos. First, open Grok and create a free account. You get around 10 free generations per day, which is more than enough for this process. Now, instead of going straight to generate the video, do this instead. Click on your profile icon and go to settings. On the left side, click behavior. Scroll down and turn auto video generation off. This is important because it gives you full control and prevents you from wasting your free generations. Now, go back and click on imagine from the left menu. Click the image icon, then switch it to video mode. Make sure the aspect ratio is set to 9 by 16, vertical format for shorts. Next, paste your prompt into the box and upload the image you created using that prompt. Once everything is ready, click generate. That's it. Repeat the same steps to create the rest of your videos. Now moving to editing, once you have all the clips, you'll need to edit them. To do this, you're going to open your video editor, which is in this case CapCut, but you can also use Premiere Pro, DaVinci, or any other app you prefer. The main reason behind the editing isn't just joining the clips to form a single video, but to add value so YouTube won't mark it as inauthentic content and avoid our channel from being demonetized. Start by importing the voiceover and the visuals, which are the videos you generated on Grok. Next, add the voiceover to the audio track. Now, instead of going straight away to arrange the clips on the top of the voiceover, you need to do this instead. You need to listen to the voiceover and change the pacing by adding pauses and cutting out pauses. I do this to maintain the viewer's attention for as long as possible. Once you're cool with the voiceover, you can go ahead and arrange the clips according to the voiceover. After arranging the clips to meet the length of the voiceover, I then add the original image of the story at the end and the mending heart emoji. Now, I can add sound effects to where it is needed and add smooth transitions. Always make sure to add captions. Finally, add the background music, adjust the volume, and you're done. You just made your first video. She was in danger and only one kid saw it in time. [music] 9-year-old Owen had just gotten off the bus on a snowy afternoon. Two houses down, [music] he saw his neighbor sitting at the bottom of the steps. Something wasn't right. The man [music] barely responded. So, Owen ran home and told his parents. They rushed back, [music] brought him inside, and called 911. Doctors later said a few more [music] minutes could have changed everything. When asked why he helped, Owen said, "I just thought it was a good idea." This process takes me just about 60 minutes, and it's the only work I do for one day. Honestly, YouTube Shorts are one of the easiest ways to make money right now. On good days, I can make more than $2,000 just by doing 60 minutes of work, which is basically nothing. I've put the entire workflow on Gumroad, and you'll find the link in the video description. We're already done with the most difficult parts, so don't stop there. Posting is definitely the easiest part of the process, but you'd be surprised how many people still mess it up. First and foremost, the type of content you post determines how much your channel can earn. That's because YouTube pays based on your RPM, which stands for revenue per mille. In simple terms, RPM is how much YouTube pays you every time your video reaches 1,000 views. So, what affects your RPM? Your audience. Views from some countries pay more than others. For example, English-speaking countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia usually have much higher RPMs compared to many other parts of the world. That's why using English voice-overs and captions can help. The more viewers you attract from English-speaking countries, the higher your chances of increasing your RPM. But, you need to pay attention. Never use a VPN to upload your content. I repeat, never. Why? First, it can signal to the algorithm that your activity looks suspicious or automated. Second, it doesn't even help. A VPN only changes where your video is uploaded from, not where it's actually watched. And RPM is based on where your viewers are, not your upload location. So, if you want a higher RPM, focus on creating content that that English-speaking audiences. Now that you understand that, open the YouTube app on your phone and tap the plus icon. Select the video you created and tap next. Then choose a song if you'd like. Don't worry about copyright. Music from the YouTube audio library is safe to use. Everything in the YouTube library is cleared for creators. When entering your title, make sure it contains highly searched keywords. And of course, you'll also find how to pick the best titles in the workflow on Gumroad. For hashtags, the only hashtag here is just #shorts, but you can include one or two extra if you want. Sometimes I also put #heartwarming or #heroicstories. But honestly, hashtags don't really affect the video that much. So what you need to do next is to scroll through the timestamps to find the best moment you think people will click and set it as a thumbnail. This can help your video keep getting traffic even after the algorithm slows down. Next, make sure you check the correct audience setting. It's important that your content is not marked for YouTube kids unless it's actually made for children. This helps the algorithm send your video to the right audience. After that, you can ignore the rest of the settings and simply tap upload short. Once it's posted, don't keep rewatching your own video. Just leave it alone and let the algorithm do its job. Congratulations, you've posted your first video. Now repeat the same process and aim to post at least one video every day. This signals to YouTube that you're consistent [music] and serious about creating content. YouTube always favors long-term consistency over random viral moments. You can post more if you want, especially on Fridays and weekends, since these are the days most people watch shorts. Just don't post more than three videos per day. Uploading too many at once can look unnatural and may trigger spam detection. Finally, the most important lesson I learned myself is that if your channel doesn't grow within the first month and keeps getting stuck at zero, 1K views, 30K views, or even 100K views jail, the best move is to start a new channel or use a different account. Why? YouTube algorithm puts invisible labels on your channel based on your early videos performance. If you consistently upload videos that get low views, the system may start to assume your content only appeals to a small audience. And once that pattern is established, it can be harder to break out of it. If you keep uploading content that gets low views, then the system learns that your channel is only relevant to a very small audience. It won't push it anymore, even if your later videos are really good. Honestly, I restarted this three times before succeeding this channel, but this varies from person to person. The most important thing is to keep going and improving your videos. And now, moving on to our secret tip that took me from this to this. This last step might shift the way you see YouTube entirely. It's about posting in a way that keeps people glued to their screens. I call it retention psychology. Think of the YouTube algorithm as a relentless machine. It doesn't care about your niche, your personality, or even your subscriber count. It only cares about one thing, which is retention. If viewers stay on your video, YouTube pushes it to more people. If they swipe away early or only watch small parts, the algorithm slows down or stops pushing it completely. That's it. It's really that simple. And you don't have to guess. You can check this yourself. Click on the video you uploaded and switch to engagement. Scroll down and you'll see your audience retention graph. That graph tells you everything. If the line drops fast, it means people are leaving quickly. And when that happens, YouTube shows your video to fewer people, which also means less money. This is where the retention psychology comes in. We can take psychology and turn it on our side to keep people watching as long as possible. And if you want to understand, you need to think in terms of this. Every video has three psychological parts: the hook, the body, and reward. The first one is the hook, and it's the first 3 seconds of your video. And honestly, it matters more than the rest of the video combined. This is where you either grab the viewer or lose them. If you upload a 30-second video, but people scroll away at the 3-second mark, the remaining 27 seconds will never be seen. It could be that those 27 seconds were the best video ever, but your viewers will never find out because they scrolled. What's even worse is this, those 27 seconds make up almost your entire video. If people never watch them, your overall retention drops hard. And when that happens, the algorithm reads it as a weak hook, which kills your chances of going viral. That's why the first few seconds matter so much. You need to give people a reason to stay immediately. Use an audio hook, a visual hook, and a text hook all at once. When you combine all three at once, the viewer's brain gets hit with curiosity before their thumb even thinks about scrolling. Now, once you've captured their attention, you move into the second part of the video, the body. The easiest way to build a strong body is to use clips that are universal and easy to understand right away. No confusion, no slow build-up, keep the pacing fast, use frequent cuts, add small zooms, keep things moving so there's no dead space. And now the final part, the reward. The reward is the ending of your video. This is where you lock in engagement. Put your most rewarding or most outrageous moment at the very end so the viewer feels payoff. Always cut the video immediately after the payoff so you don't drug out your own time. You can also ask one simple call to action like asking them to comment or subscribe, but never overload the viewers. Remember, it's all about retention. And with that said, I recommend you rewatch the video again to understand everything clearly. I have a YouTube automation playlist here. You can click to check it out. You'll find lots of profitable and low competition niches and best strategies there. Don't forget to like the video and hit subscribe. It's the best way to say thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @emmiescalm [145 likes]: 👉 Get the full workflow here and improve your channel: https://emmiescalm.gumroad.com/l/youtubeshortssystem

👉 TRY VIDIQ FOR $1: https://vidiq.com/mistrAI
👉 Check These T-Shirts: https://my-store-10fee21.creator-spring.com
  2. @randomgamesonshtpc [3 likes]: Good luck to everyone that started !!!
  3. @Mindsetshi [2 likes]: It's good information
  4. @FUNSCENE-SBE: very helpful ❤
  5. @Waxhappens: Small channels gether here 😂
  6. @BlessedAxis: This is great 🎉
  7. @CaneRanks: Great video man
  8. @mrekhart: The VPN thingy actually makes lot of sense, thanks
  9. @CGJCARTAS: ❤
  10. @TheRankGuy-m3m: 💯
  11. @SaVClippies: Huge respect ma guy
  12. @jewelmatsumoto: Thank you!
  13. @mindtalk.objects2.0: Very interesting..🤟
  14. @eizodesigns: Great Video mahn I really liked it! keep going! 💌
  15. @peakhabit12: Thank youu for this videoo❤ appreciated so much
  16. @Pvvibez6Comedy: Super
  17. @kristyanongligaw: 🙏🙏
  18. @AI-YoutubeAutomation: Good job🎉
  19. @CuteNgyUpworkRemoteSkillsAcade: Thanks for sharing
  20. @BillionaireCastle-27: I really love this bro thank you soo much❤️

- How to Deal with Burnout: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Hey Psych2Goers, welcome back and thanks for taking a breather with us. We know we could all use one. Burnout, it's finally getting recognition as an actual thing. It's not just a buzzword, it's not something made up. It's real and it's more common than you may think. Affecting people worldwide regardless of age or gender. Burnout, you might think of a candle's blackened, shriveled, worn out wick. If you feel how that wick looks, you can likely relate to burnout. These here are some ways to hopefully keep that candle wick conditioned, helping to avoid burnout. The best way to deal with it is to not get to that point in the first place. So number one, figure out what is stressing you. We are going to use the word, avoid and just clarifying, avoiding a stressor is not the same as avoiding responsibilities. A responsibility needs to be done but you don't have to go about doing it in a stressful manner. See what we mean? The best way to reconfigure this stressful process is, whittle down and figure out what it is that's causing the stress. Here's a simple example. It's easy to say, "This assignment is my stress, "getting it done is stressing me out." But when you step back you realize this situation is more, I'm stressed because I feel tight on time and I'm tight on time because I repeatedly chose other activities until there were only 24 hours left to get this done. So yes, you may require some time to practice self-awareness. As much as we never like to admit it, we sometimes build a whole lot of unnecessary stress for ourselves. So, please don't do this to yourself. Number two, complete the cycle. I know this sounds like we're suggesting you allow yourself to get more stressed but we're not, trust me, we're not. Burnout occurs because of prolonged unending stress. It's essentially constantly treading water in the worst spot and never swimming to shore for rest. This is what we mean by complete the cycle. The book, "Burnout" by PhD and DMA, Nagoski twins describes the cycle generally as, enter the stressor like tight turnaround times then cortisol and adrenaline production are triggered from the stressor. This activates the survival response of fight, flight or freeze. Impulsive reactive behavior happens to stop the feeling of ah, which can be binging, eating or streaming, we're not on judging. And then completion is taking the step of meditative breathing, connecting with others, or other forms of emotional release. Burnout happens when you get stuck at the binging step, that impulsive action provides temporary, superficial relief. Just enough to fool many of us into thinking, oh, we're all good now. Truthfully, the stress is still there under now allowing it to continue frying and smoldering within. Number three, sleep. If you had nap time in kindergarten, don't you wish that was still a normal part of your day? Sleep. Sleep is wonderful. Sleep is also important. A solid, healthy stretch of nighttime sleep is essential to overcoming or avoiding burnout. Humans are generally not nocturnal by nature. We know this, yet we seem to be all too willing to sacrifice sleep as the first bartering chip when dealing with stress. We tend to think of sleep as a reservoir, easily refilled with catching up on the weekend or sleeping in on vacation. Unfortunately, sleep just does not work that way. You can't rec on the past sleep you lost by sleeping more in the future. So, get a good sleep in the now. What is good sleep anyway? It's not that time you zoned out while reading then woke up with a star when your forehead hit the desk. It is completing a full sleep cycle including REM sleep. The result is you wake feeling refreshed and renewed. If you wake up still groggy or wanting to throw down in anger, you did not have a good night's sleep. To help you reach this fabled good sleep, employ sleep hygiene and prep. Hygiene is basically a condition conducive to maintaining health. So, sleep hygiene is good sleep practices like no screens 30 minutes before bed and the room being dark, cool and silent. Prep is what happens before the hygiene, setting yourself up physically and mentally. So, known norming shortly before bed and perhaps a short session of meditation to quiet your mind. Your route is yours, these are just components, find ones that groove with you. And number four, release the oxytocin. Perform activities that help produce oxytocin. Yes, oxytocin, the love jug, well, hormones really. It's been found that various activities such as giving to others, dancing, working out, or cuddling with your pet all trigger oxytocin production. Know why we suggest this? Basically because the activities not only make you happy but many of the activities can help others be happy too. Oxytocin is one of the big three happy hormones after all. It's been found too that this hormone can decrease stress and anxiety. So it gives happy and deducts stress and anxiety, win-win. And number five, know that you're worth it. Those old shampoo commercials had a point, you are worth it. Yep, our last tip for today is to practice self-love. Self-love can help you extend compassion towards yourself, allowing you to perform self-care free of guilt or adding more stress. Never feel that tending to your own health is a waste of time or that you could be doing something more important. You are the most important thing to you, your existence depends on it. Burnout can happen to anyone, it does not matter if you're in school or at a job or trying to get your own business going or a mom, or a dad. Burnout is a creeper that can pounce when you least expect it, happening to the seemingly healthiest of us. We mean you're not alone or defective or inept. Burnout essentially means that your own personal care has been sacrificed in pursuit of outward rewards. Whether that pressure has been put on you by yourself or by a boss, take a moment to realize that nothing is worth your health and that you deserve to be happy no matter how much the bottom line is going to affect quarterly profits, you got this and we're with you on that. Did you see or hear something that could help you or someone you know? Comment below and give us a like. Take a break and reach out to others for help and we hope you found something helpful here. Maybe we will take a breather together again next time. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [580 likes]: Hey everyone, we're excited to announce that we have new animators joining the team. This means you will get to see psych2go in new styles. If you support this work, let Hugo know by commenting "I want to see more" :D
  2. @M4k1sa [1 likes]: I have so much work to do and it’s already 11pm I have 3 test too I haven’t done anything and it’s ruining meee I can’t stop doomscrolling
  3. @cosmix_official [1 likes]: It's that time of year again (just have to get through AP exams)
  4. @hafsabouchekouk8777 [1 likes]: After working in health care for almost 05 years, I realized I always prioritize others over myself to the point I couldn't have the simple rights every worker should have... even the supervisors who are mostly doctors and know the human body need more, always put us in the pressure that lead to health problems and the total burnout...
We work to have a better life and be active in society, but when the work becomes the first reason not to have this life so why do we work!!
  5. @SoftisaSacredWord: I healed from burnout by bringing softness into my life, changing the rhythm of my life, approaching every moment with tenderness
  6. @oneuptheextraman: I would send this to the GF, but she doesn't like to try and make things better.
  7. @Beyzanurngo: I’m 24 years old, moved to America 3 years ago and got married to my best friend and took over the responsibilities of taking care of his elderly parents with Parkinson’s in there 80s and that was my wanting. I also live in a 5000sq feet house and have a ocd and want the house constantly clean. I also take care of three cats and 10 chicken including a garden full of veggies and flowers. I am also going to the gym recently to grow more muscle and stretch my body, thinking it would help with my overall health. I started getting gray hair lately and I now I’m totally burned out, but I have to push myself. I cook three meals a day for my parents in laws, low carb, low protein, high in veggies. My husband is at work and when he comes back he himself has a lot of stuff on his mind, i don’t want to dumb more stress on to him. Yet I feel like I am about to lose myself. The responsibility of being a full time caregiver and housewife is already hard and I also have to worry about political issues because I don’t have a green card. I don’t have any female friends, because I don’t have time to make any. My living space became my work environment, I constantly have to keep talking positiv “you can do it, push yourself, just gotta clean the cat toilette, take out the trash, feed the chicken, cook lunch, clean the kitchen, put away the groceries, clean out the pantry, feed the cats, check on parents in law, water the plant, repot the plants. if I push myself I get it all done in 4 hours and I can rest, I can do it, it isn’t that much” but who am I kidding, I can’t. I feel like I am all alone, I feel empty, I don’t feel happy anymore. Nothing is exciting, nothing is real and this isn’t even everything. There is so much more I have to deal with, I haven’t seen my family in 2 years since I can’t travel outside of the country until I get my green card. 
I am not suicidal saying this but I feel like I have lost the meaning to my life. I just exist. Maybe if I stop thinking of being a person and start living like a robot everything would be easier. I can’t really go anywhere for longer than 4 hours, afraid that my mother in law will get out of bed and fall, she is fall prone and has also dementia. Forget holidays, forget even taking off a day because I can’t find any care givers around me. 
I go sleep and wake up feeling like shit, I sometime go to bed without brushing my teeth and washing my face because those 5 minutes feel like an eternity. I Also have ADHD, my mind is constantly on a marathon. 
Anyways life is worth living, the sun will shine even after a bad storm. I guess I just have to keep pushing myself. Thankfully god gave me a bunch of hair, this world need to try twice as hard to turn all of it gray.
  8. @yaminaboub-jo2lb: i am very sensitive to stress i can not take on too many responsibilities i just can't handle too much things all at once . i am not blaming myself it doesn't say anything about me , i am not lazy i am not weak i am just human . i need time to rest sometimes doing certain tasks will take me longer than others that's just who i am . i am not gonna torture myself just to fit in into the standards of society i am doing my best and that's it i don't care if what i am doing is not good enough to them because it is more than enough to me . i don't care if i fail as long as i tried , there is so much things that happens in the backstage that nobody will notice or praise you for overcoming . it gets overlooked  , so yes i forgive myself for everything  . i am always PROUD of myself , and i am the only person who decides my worth . so yes as long as i am happy with myself that is all that matters . i don't want my life to be revolving around stress and deadlines i have the right to live and have time for myself too . to me feelling relaxed and healthy is more important than stupid meaningless work and deadlines . i like to make my own program and plans i hate when someone tells me what to do and how to do it and when to get it done . i am not a machine i am human .
  9. @Gigachadenner: Thanks sister
  10. @BubbaBrainyKidshub788: https://healthcare634.blogspot.com/2026/05/burnout-signs-causes-and-how-to-recover.html?m=1
  11. @AniketJoshi21: This is such a helpful reminder that mental health should always come first. Self-care is never a waste of time
  12. @keviinnxx: Ugh, her voice is so smooothley.
  13. @VanitaBhoir-v7m7z: 😅 2:19
  14. @abby6897: WHY IS IZUKU IN PSYCH TO GO???
  15. @DatOneHobo: I’m starting to feel like i have burnout but i feel like I’m barely doing anything so i’m starting to feel like im js lazy. But i have some signs and idk what to do
  16. @RelaxunoOfficial: Too many thoughts at once… hard to slow down.
  17. @philiptnt: well i cant get back from the burnout bruh...
  18. @dosam_zone: Guys pray for me my biology exam is tomorrow and I'm only half way done on my prep. Cuz I preferred sleeping instead of studying during the prep days and now I'm stressing out plus sleepy. Goshhhh this sleep will exacerbate me
  19. @jacobmeyerson2420: Maybe ive got the definitions wrong, but I feel more like sleeping for 4 days because everything is so repetitive that I want to vomit.
  20. @marcellusrobinson1465: Been fighting a custody battle for almost 2yrs and Im so tired of it all

- What is Creator Burnout? | Master Class #1 ft. Kati Morton: Kind: captions Language: en Do you ever feel like you just can't create anymore? Well that can be one of the signs of burnout. Hey everybody, my name is Kati Morton and I'm a licensed therapist and fellow creator. I have a mental health channel here on YouTube where I educate about all things related to your mental health. Today, I'm here to talk about burnout. What is it? Where did it come from? But before we can even consider what to change or how to stop the burnout we need to know what warning signs to look out for. And the first is, do you feel constantly tired or fatigued no matter how much sleep you get? Or maybe you're unable to get a full night's sleep. Do you wake up a lot, feel really stressed, struggle to fall asleep or stay asleep? These are all things that we should start noticing. The second is, do you ever feel resentful to your audience or your followers, for them wanting more content from you or asking where you've been? Is that really frustrating? Do you find yourself resenting those comments? And the third is something that you may need to take some time and journal about or just think about, is do you feel that the rewards you receive from your job and the hard work you put in, do you feel like they're equal to the amount of effort that it takes? And the fourth and final warning sign is, do you ever feel ineffective at your job or like at this point you should have accomplished more? Do you find yourself feeling like you're just not doing enough? The interesting thing about the term burnout is that it didn't exist until 1974 when a psychologist by the name of Herbert Freudenberger noticed that all of his volunteers at a free clinic in New York City were experiencing the same symptoms. And what Herbert realised after interviewing a ton of his volunteers he learned that the stress of their job was simply more than they were able to manage and therefore, they were feeling completely burned out. Burnout occurs most when the rewards or recognition that we may get from working so hard don't outweigh the pressure that we feel from the job. And I truly believe that YouTube creators as a whole, we will struggle the most with work-life balance. There are some specific things that as creators, we would struggle with most and I believe would lead us to burnout more quickly than others and the first is the pressure to create regardless of how we feel or how we're doing. I've had many friends in the YouTube space, and myself included, create when we're sick. I remember making videos a few months ago where I even struggled to have a voice because I'd been coughing for like three weeks when I really should have been resting. The second issue is focusing on the numbers. A lot of us are controlled by numbers, whether that's subscribers whether that's views, whether that's likes, whether that's shares. There's so many things that we're monitoring all the time and analytics that we're digging through to try to figure out how well we're doing. And the third reason I believe YouTube creators are more predisposed to burnout is that the internet never sleeps therefore we often don't either. We can try doing live streams or posting videos and posting content in general at all sorts of different times. This can be really difficult for us to find a work-life balance when maybe we're trying to do a live stream at like 2 in the morning. The fourth reason is we can get criticism for content we put out after spending hours working on it. I know that I personally have misspoken in a video where instead of saying three days, I said a week and people were so angry and my comments were just filled with people telling me how stupid I was and how I shouldn't have been creating, that's really difficult. And the fifth and final reason that I believe creators are more likely to experience burnout is because we're in an ever-changing land. The digital space is always shifting. Adding in new tools, taking things away adding a whole new platform, taking a platform away things are always changing, therefore it can be really difficult for us to find ways to feel rewarded when things are always shifting. So therefore the pressure of the job continues while the reward and recognition maybe doesn't. There are obviously going to be a lot more warning signs out there. Let me know if there's one that I forgot that you know you've experienced yourself leave it in the comments and let us know, but just take some time this week to notice which of these affect you the most. Is there one that you find coming up over and over and over again? Start considering it, because the first step to us improving our life and stopping burnout altogether is just noticing how it's affecting us today. If after watching this video, you're concerned that maybe you struggle with burnout too don't worry, you're not alone, so many creators go through this at different points in their career. But the good news is that my next video is all about how to recover from burnout and to prevent it from continuing to happen. So make sure you're subscribed and have those notifications turned on and I'll see you then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Katimorton [167 likes]: Thank you for giving me an opportunity to talk about this very important topic! I hope it is helpful to my fellow creators out there! <3
  2. @GaryMichaels1980: Good video, thanks for sharing 🙏
  3. @GeneciFelicianodoAmaral-j9l: Minha casa
  4. @GeneciFelicianodoAmaral-j9l: Doando uma buscar eaprecaoces no terreno dola da minha casa Na rua capôs enfrente a indústria placo
  5. @AnayaShekhawat-y3p: The point about focusing too much on numbers leading to burnout is so true. Great advice for creators
  6. @โกศล-จ1ถ: 😂
  7. @DieselDucy: I’m dealing with this right now.  YouTube and my elevator museum is my passion but lately has become stressful.  I so want to get back to being creative but mentally it is hard to get there. This thought was a great and helpful video!
  8. @Alibashir-x2c: Alibashir
  9. @naajimaavlogs: Helpfully your class 🙏👍
  10. @ellieinspace: Good advice but the music feels corny
  11. @PabalucaKitchenVlog0711: Good day! Watched 2 times nice and beautiful info as YouTube  creator thanks for sharing!
  12. @playmixsg: พูดถูกใช่แล้ว  หมดไฟ 😂😂😊😊ขอบคุนคับ  ❤❤❤
  13. @RoyanAlfatih-g8s: Thkz
  14. @Amirul-i5g: Hi
  15. @habibufasaha: Thank you so much 😊
  16. @virtualtourmaps: Wonderful wisdom! 💗
  17. @rohmatbubut-um4ug: Terimakasiiih saran dan ilmu pengarahannya dan saya akan pelajari supaya saya tida terus menerus mengalami kejenuhan ,saya sangat senang sekali bisa mendapat pengarahan in ,,,🙏🙏🙏 ,
  18. @kanpomsrithong1778: ขอบคุณอีกครั้งครับ
  19. @kanpomsrithong1778: แต่ผมขอบคุณมากครับ
  20. @kanpomsrithong1778: ที่เหลือผมจำไม่ได้แล้วครับ

- YouTube burnout: The pressure to constantly create: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started making videos growing up Elle Mills dreamt of becoming a YouTube star after years of work her cheeky video started getting traction but as her subscriber count' grew so did her anxiety then Mills shared a decidedly different video called burnt-out at 19 physically I just remember feeling always stressed like I was there was never a time where I felt relaxed I I always felt numb but at the same time I felt like I just felt extremely unhappy Mills isn't alone in the last six months a number of high-profile youtubers have gone public about their anxiety and many have stepped away from the platform much more important than anything else we need to take care of in our lives beyond YouTube after six years of daily vlogging this youtuber is trying to post less there's something about the platform it rewards you for uploading as often as possible it's almost become like this conveyor belt of like becoming like a vlog factory where you're just pushing out videos videos videos in order to stay afloat what can you do to change this it's almost like a cycle you're now tractive we try to provide you know our creators with as much you know support as possible YouTube says they've launched other services to help creators such as paid memberships to take the pressure off posting the support includes YouTube's own wellness videos telling creators it's okay to stop at some point I was just like I can't like I just can't go on so I decided that I needed a mandatory day off this vlogger with the group ladylike has seen what happens when you take time off lady likes videos regularly generate about a million views a week but after they took a week off a flashy series of superhero videos suffered each video was getting like 200,000 or 300,000 views yeah so it actually it definitely made a difference for us part of the pressure on creators is YouTube's rapid growth each month 1.9 billion users log on it now reaches more 18 to 34 year olds in the US than any TV network as the ones scrappy platform matures the focus is on keeping the advertisers happy we want brands to be as successful as possible we want creators to be as successful as possible like if that's not happening then you know everyone's gonna be losing including us four Mills she's getting better about tearing herself away like many creators she'd like to see YouTube put a greater emphasis on mental health some people are able to make like a comeback some people after they burn out they're done you know but yeah it happens to everybody it's just it comes with the job unfortunately an occupational hazard for a platform still evolving Eli Glasner CBC News Toronto

- My Personal Burnout Story: Kind: captions Language: en i'm dr manuel lastrow i'm a board-certified psychiatrist i help entrepreneurs who are suffering from depression get back to being energetic productive and very confident i found out that trying to be successful almost completely ruined me it completely led to burnout for me so 12 or 13 years ago uh after many years of gradually getting more and more burnt out i i got to the point that i just could not go on any longer i was stressed out i was exhausted i was detached from my work more and more i was getting bitter and cynical and i was really starting to lose effectiveness at work which are all the the hallmarks of burnout and what had led to that was that i considered myself a very hard worker and my successful private practice was busting at the seams whenever i needed any extra money for household expenses or whatever i could just add another hour of patience and over time i was seeing uh 12 hours a day of patience five or six days a week so i i had every other day every other saturday that i was seeing patients it was just not sustainable and i finally hit a wall and i couldn't go on um and what happened was that in august on august 24 2008 my twin sister magdalena passed away she'd had a brain tumor that she died from and she'd been sick for three years and shortly after she died i was sitting in a dark room looking at a picture of her and in the picture she's just smiling she's beaming you can't tell that she's wearing a wig because she's going through chemotherapy and it was just so striking to me how miserable i was and how she had handled the the last years of her life with with grace and a smile on her face and that was a moment in time when i committed to enjoying the ride no matter what so my recovery from burnout started by a mental switch while i was burnt out i was so focused on all the things that we can't control that i couldn't control and that's a hallmark of burnout burnout is an occupational syndrome that's brought about by you know an ineffective strategy for dealing with work stress and with work stress there's so much that we can't control even as a psychiatrist where i had control of my schedule i'd gotten to the point where i couldn't really back off but the first change that i made was to look for the things that i could control the low-hanging fruit and the low-hanging fruit for me was first changing my attitude i didn't allow myself to wallow in all the negative thoughts and uh i put up blinders is what i call it to the negativity that was in my head thoughts still came up but i was focused on what am i going to do about it what am i going to start doing differently i cut out negativity from the news i stopped even listening to sports radio i loved listening to sports radio on my way into work but over time there were more commercials and more drama it was less about excellence and it was actually a frustrating experience i started listening to podcasts and learning and growing and changing the next set of things that i changed was more physical i changed my diet and i just changed one meal at first didn't make a big radical reboot but i just changed the breakfast that i was having instead of running by dunkin donuts and grabbing coffee and a bagel i started making a smoothie in the morning and i started working out and in years previously every time i went to work out i would start this one hour regimen that was really intense and it would last about a week or two and then i would just fall off the wagon and what i did this time around just through uh luck was a two minute routine and i figured i can do two minutes of exercise every single day no matter what pretty easily and what happened was that stuck and it ended up being you know over the long run you know i have 15 minutes 30 minute one hour routines that i can do depending on what my schedule is but that's been sustainable over the last 12 years the things i discovered as i got better and better from my burnout you know i've called the happiness rules and what we're talking about is you know what are the factors that help an individual to flourish and the happiness research has a menu of items that you check and if you have these menu items you know they are what is associated with flourishing i've got four big buckets that i use four rules number one is learning and growing looking at the future making your future bigger than your past and always staying at the edge of your comfort zone in terms of you know skill acquisition and they can be in different things so for me it wasn't just psychiatry that i was studying anymore but it was business it was leadership marketing but always learning and growing when i was burnt out i was doing the same thing day after day after day and there wasn't that much room for growth or for continued excellence and growing in my field number two is connection you know our relationships are so incredibly important there is just a wealth of data that our level of physical health and our happiness as we age are completely related to the level of our relationships and connections so doubling down on relationships doubling down on community and doubling down on contributions that that you're actually making uh super important for happiness and flourishing three blazing your own trail so this is where you look at you know what you're curious about what you're naturally very very good at like your unique abilities and what your purpose is and it took me years to figure this out but what happens is that you stop living life by design living life by default and you go to life by design and the last piece is really this commitment to enjoying the ride no matter what that to me was such a critical decision when my sister passed away it was a line in the sand a moment of truth we have the ability to choose our attitude no matter what and that was just incredibly incredibly important [Music] the piece that's so important to remember is that we're told to pursue success and then we'll be happy and what i'm suggesting to you and what worked for me is to make happiness the engine that's going to drive your success you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CuriousCattery [1 likes]: This is very important to understand: "Burnout is an occupational syndrome that's brought about by an ineffective strategy for dealing with work stress" - Manuel Astruc

- MY HONEST OPINION: Dealing with burnout, competitiveness on YouTube, changing your niche: Kind: captions Language: en here's the deal I get so many questions and GM's from you guys every single day asking for advice on whatever situation you are going through and most of the time I see the same thing up here over and over and over again and I just wanted to find a way that I could better answer your questions to kind of talk to more people instead of individually answering every single one of you with the exact same thing I decided to create this series called my honest opinion and I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it on YouTube or just keep it to IG TV I don't film the first one on my IG TV so if you guys want to watch that I will include it in the description bar down below but I figured most of my audience is here on YouTube so I wanted to also present as I get you guys launched one video on my youtube channel and if you guys like it I will continue it on both platforms otherwise I will just stick to my instagrams and make sure you guys follow me at the content bug but what I'm going to do with this series is I'm going to ask you guys on my Instagram stories to send in whatever situations you are going through whatever advice you need and I'm going to pick the best ones or just ones that I want to talk about and film a video on it so I already asked you guys all my Instagram stories and I actually wrote down several and we'll see how many I can get through but there are some really really good ones that I think we need to talk about and I'm hoping that you guys are gonna find this helpful so if you guys are new to my channel make sure you subscribe if you want like this video already I never say that this early on in the video that seems so weird but let's just go ahead and get into it the very first one how to handle the competitiveness of YouTube how not to compare your channel to others so I think it is within our nature to try to compete and be competitive and be better and better and better and I think that it is a good thing in terms of if you're trying to improve yourself compared to like the person you were yesterday or even if you make a youtube video and you're like you know what the next one I can do it even better like I think that that kind of competition working towards improving yourself I think that is a good thing but I think there's a big difference in saying okay if I'm in a sport and I'm competing against someone compared to I'm starting a YouTube channel and now I'm competing against these channels like I don't look at YouTube as a competitive space and I can see how maybe sometimes it is and I think it is very easy especially when you're starting your brand and you look up to other successful influencers or creators and you're like how come they're getting so many subscribers how come they're getting he likes like how come they are growing like crazy and I'm not and I think that that is a really really easy headspace to get in but one thing I would really really recommend to you guys is especially if you know people that are kind of at the same level as you so let's say that there's other people on YouTube talking about YouTube that hovering around the same number of subscribers as me I wouldn't look at them as competition but more so actually my kind of colleagues you know like that's the community that you have that you want to create a good relationship with because here's the thing with YouTube it's not like people have to subscribe to your channel and then they can't subscribe to other people's channels people can subscribe to as many channels as they want so I wouldn't ever look at people in your niche as your competition they're more so your colleagues and really that's why I like people do collaborations they are not competing for subscribers they're helping each other grow and I think that there is this mindset of course to compete and to try to be better than other people I think that's very natural and an easy state to fall into but especially with YouTube it's not a competition guys you guys can have the same subscribers and that's totally fine so I think mainly here is the comparison side of it honestly if you are comparing your channel to other channels cut it out like seriously cut it out and if you noticed that let's say you have two buddy and you're looking at other people's channel analytics and they give you the direct comparison of their channel compared to your channel how its performing if you realize that you're doing that tell yourself to stop and tell yourself okay for the next two weeks I'm not going to do this and you're gonna realize that you put yourself in a better headspace or even if there are some creators that you compare yourself to is this something that I did on Instagram a long long time ago I noticed that I would look at other instrument counts that are similar to me and they were growing faster than me and I just didn't understand why I ended up actually unfollowing them because I realized that it was just unhealthy for me it's not that I didn't want to support then it was just that it wasn't healthy for me in terms of comparison so really figure out kind of what your triggers are what you're doing to compare your channel to others and find a way to stop it I'm gonna have to drink water the whole way through with this video the next one how I kindly respond to comments requesting a sub for sub a relationship honestly I love this question so so much because you guys know my channel is all about growing on YouTube so I get a lot of small youtubers that leave comments saying hey let's do sub4sub and whenever I see those comments guys I delete them I try my best to delete them or honestly the spam thing like the bots within YouTube collects a lot of them but the ones that I do see I do delete because that is not a good way to grow your following and specifically this person I mean even just the way they were this how to kindly respond in the comments requesting a sub for sub relationship it's basically saying like in my opinion this is me interpreting this they're not looking for a sub for sub relationship and they just want to be nice to the person that's asking that but they don't want to build that relationship and I guess I should really dive into why I don't believe in sub for sub and why I do delete those comments so sub for sub basically what you are doing is you are subscribing to a channel that you are actually not interested in watching their videos and having a large following on YouTube is not going to make you successful you want to make sure that your subscribers are actually watching your videos otherwise I like to call them empty subscribers so they're really not benefiting you in any way so if you are doing sub for sub and you realize oh I'm getting 100 new subscribers by doing this strategy you're getting people that actually don't want to watch your videos so it's not actually helping to grow your channel at all so I would never ever recommend sub for sub you're going to make it a lot farther if you actually have people that are engaging with your content watching your videos like that's going to trigger the algorithm that you are a good channel and then they want to promote it and like suggested videos are recommended so really it's up for sub avoided at all costs if you notice that people are coming on your channel and they're just asking for a sub for sub relationship you can be kind to them and say you're not interested in that maybe you want to become friends if you guys are interested in similar topics but otherwise I would say just ignore it because you're going to get a lot of those comments this is a good one I film edit and then find 20 things I want to change is it better to upload anyway to get consistent videos out every week or spend the time to make the video more perfect guys I've definitely dealt with perfectionism in the past and wanting things to be perfect and then I once heard this quote that done is better than perfect and it's so so true instead of spending two or three weeks working on a YouTube video and not launching any videos pick a schedule and upload on those days even if your videos not perfect even if you think oh I could change these things like I could spend couple more hour just work on these things and I'll upload it the next day like know the algorithm works best if you pick certain days and you upload on a certain schedule like that is going to trigger the algorithm so it knows when to promote your new video if you are just uploading randomly because you're waiting for your video to be perfect it's actually hurting you and to be honest nothing is ever perfect like you could work forever trying to make your video as amazing as possible but really the little things that you may notice that you would want to improve other people probably aren't even noticing and I think there is a fine balance between quality and quantity I do not think that uploading every single day of the week is going to skyrocket your channel more so compared to another channel that's only uploading two or three videos a week but I think that if you are risking quality for the quantity I think that's bad but if you are risking quantity for the quality I also think that that is bad you know like if you were trying to be so perfect that you don't actually have enough videos going live on your channel I think that's hurting you so what I always recommend is if you are working on a video and you think that you could spend another couple of days on it making it perfect just launch it and work on the next video and trying to make that video as amazing as possible or maybe if you realizing oh I could have filmed this a little bit differently and incorporate that within the next video don't focus so much on your past what's ahead of you is so up so much better so always just work on the next video stick to your schedule I'm telling you that's gonna help you grow faster than you know and just done is better than perfect so I'm gonna say done is better than perfect I wanna stay consistent on YouTube and not burn out and I actually saw a ton a ton of questions about burnout on YouTube how to stay creative all of that stuff but I just picked this specific one and I will talk a little bit more about you burnout on YouTube but I wanna stay consistent on YouTube and not burnout for me I really think staying consistent you guys know I fully believe in my content calendar I am obsessed with it and it's something that I actually do live by it keeps me accountable and it keeps me really organized on when I have to film what I have to film and when my videos are going live so I highly do a recommended content calendar but even before that pick a schedule that you can honestly stick to I do YouTube full-time so it's a little bit easier for me to create too high quality videos a week because I have the time to film edit and upload but if this is just your side house on you're in school right now or you have a full-time job maybe only upload one video that is still good to get you started and especially to get you uploading content consistently so pick a day that you want to upload and stick to it make it a non-negotiable but you have to get it done and I know no matter what you're going to have to make sacrifices if you are serious about growing on YouTube if you are just serious about creating your own brand you're gonna need to make sacrifices so let's say you have a video that has school up on Sunday and Saturday night your friends want to go out drinking if the video isn't done guys you don't go out drinking like you have to make those sacrifices and realize what is more important to you getting wasted or launching a video that could potentially like change your future so what I would recommend is a stick to whether that is one video a week or two videos a week I think minimum do one video a week if you can do two videos a week that is great make a structure for yourself so figure out what days you're going to film what days you are going to edit and then again what days you are going to upload and then create a Content calendar that has a running list of your ideas that way if you have a filming day coming up and you're not sure what you're going to film you could always go to that list of ideas and say okay I'm actually gonna do this one today this one interests me now in terms of burnout because this is huge I wouldn't say that I've run to the point of burnout before because I've realized that I'm close so maybe technically I have been burnout because even though like I've realized that I was kind of getting there so I don't really know I think it's up to interpretation based off every single person but I've definitely gotten to the point before where I've worked myself way too hard and realized that I needed a break and I definitely I've learned how to balance my work life and my personal life and to not overwork myself because this is truly my hobby like this is my passion I absolutely love it I could be working 24/7 and not get bored like I truly just love what I do so so much but that doesn't mean that it's healthy for me to always be filming or always be on Instagram or always just be staring at my computer like that's that's not healthy and it's not good for my eyes in particular but you kind of need to figure out what works best for you for me I don't work past 7:00 7:30 like I will only work up until dinner and then that's it like I do not work really really late at night it's very rare that I will work in bed or that I will work late and typically that only happened when I need something very specific done or if I have a product launch coming up and then I have more work that needs to get done and really I've noticed for myself I run into the point of almost hitting burnout when I am launching a product or when I am doing something above and beyond so if I'm doing a giveaway if that is a decent amount of work it doesn't seem like it's that much work but even just setting up the giveaway figure out what you're going to offer and then putting in all the names all the entries it is a decent amount of work so I noticed whenever I'm doing a giveaway whenever I'm launching a product there's so much work that goes into launching a product or even that week when I did five days of uploading a youtube video that was pretty draining for me so after I do something like that I will take a week where it's like okay I'm going to slow down and I'm only gonna allow myself to work four hours every day and I have the luxury to do that I realize because this is my full-time job and working four hours a day is not actually going to hurt my income but I just know for myself that I need to take a break afterwards to refocus recenter and I think burnout is truly different for everyone and it could come up like with creative burnout like maybe you're sick of the videos that you're making you can't think of anything new and really everyone is so so individual on this and I think it's really hard to offer my advice because I only know what works for me so whenever I'm feeling like I'm not as creative or I don't have as good at videos I'll go to a coffee shop you guys know I absolutely love Glen Edith around here it's a local coffee shop and I will go there and I will not bring my iPad I will just bring any notebook and I will just start jotting down all my ideas or even just brain dump or sit down and throw up it's what I like to call it I just like to just write down everything that's in my mind and I couldn't even be a video idea it may just be here's this random topic or this random question and just my thoughts at the moment and then that ends up turning into a YouTube video so I think I don't know what did I even answer that really well burnout is so individual for every single person but I think you need to find a good work-life balance first thing that I brought up if it's creative burnout find a way to get back into being creative and make sure that you love it guys that you fall in love with the process I know at the end of last year I was so focused on creating videos that got views that I got kind of sick of the videos that I was creating and a little bit tired and I just wanted to find a way to fall back in love with YouTube and that's why I started to launch more vlogs and just that I even like like this one right here I don't think that this one's going to get a ton of views but I just want to do it because I know that it's going to help several of you guys as well as it's just fun for me like I like sharing my thoughts I like just chatting with you guys I feel like we're just having even though I don't even have coffee or tea or anything but having a water and chatting okay the last one I actually have three that I'm gonna combine together because they're all just they're so good you guys ask me such as such good like situations questions like things you need an advice on you guys really crushed it this round so these three say should I film videos that I like or videos that get views how do I do both the next one what to do if you don't want to do it then nice you're in but not sure what to do next and the last one I've started a channel and it's going well but it's turned into content I don't like but the views are good so for me there's two underlying messages here one do you stick to something that's getting you a lot of views even though you don't like it or - yeah nope that I mean that's really it like do you create videos that you love or do you stick to something that's working really well for you like that's what all three of those boil down to for me and this is so so hard because you guys know I fully believe in niching down and especially if you want to ride the algorithm and you want to grow then you need to create videos that are similar to the one video that YouTube first picked up or YouTube is currently promoting like that's what's going to help you succeed or I wouldn't really say succeed but moreso grow a lot faster like if you were looking for that crazy trajectory of just insane growth create videos that are similar to the video that YouTube first picked up on your channel so for me when my channel started to grow I was talking about blogging in Pinterest and I launched one video talking about how I became monetized on YouTube YouTube ended up picking up that video so that I started to talk more about YouTube and then YouTube picked up several of those videos and then my channel took off so really I did use that strategy of meshing down finding what topic YouTube was like here on my channel and then just running with it for me I think I was lucky because I really do enjoy the topic of YouTube and it's very similar to what I was talking about before like I was talking about how to grow your blog now I'm just talking about how to grow your YouTube channel and it's still a lot of branding and business and things that I truly enjoy so once that change happened I was totally okay with it and I went especially because YouTube was a new platform for me to learn and it was just fun honestly I really really do love talking about YouTube so I think that I was lucky in the sense that YouTube picked up one of the videos that I was really really enjoying but let's say actually this is a great example the first video that YouTube picked up I mean was a video talking about GrubHub and I'm actually gotten a lot of comments from you guys asking for me to put that video back on my channel but I'm just I'm just not going to because people were really mean and nasty and not nice in that video in the comments were not great so that's why I removed it from my channel but while back I launched a video talking about how I was driving with GrubHub I was currently working full time for myself taking on clients but it wasn't enough money so I ended up working with GrubHub for only five months so that I could make a little bit extra money and then once I got my feet back on the ground with the amount of money I needed to be making with my business then I stopped doing grandpa anyways I watched a video on my channel that was the first video that ever took off for me and it got about 30,000 views before I took it down and that wasn't a topic that I was interested in so if I would have seen that YouTube picked up that video and then thought oh I should create more videos about GrubHub I think I would have been in the exact same spot of what to do if you're a niche but you don't really like it and you want to change or you know like what do you do when the videos that are getting views aren't the videos you want to create like I was in that spot and I decided to just say you know what screw it this isn't the direction that I want to go and I think that there is definitely a fine line and it could be definitely hard especially when you're getting started but wanting to create videos that get a lot of views compared to creating videos that you love and my first advice if you are in a niche that you do not enjoy and you're just getting a lot of views get out of it guys like it is not benefiting you in your life sure it may be leading to more subscribers it may be leading to more money but if you are not happy and if you are not enjoying it I just don't see the point and that's just my own beliefs like I fully am hardcore do youtube because you love it not because it's going to make you a lot of money and just if you're in the spot where you're just getting a lot of views but you don't want the videos that you're creating rethink your strategy honestly I think you're going to be a lot happier later on in your life compared to just kind of like selling your soul you know that's just my thoughts I'm not but if you are at the point where you like the topic of your videos that you're creating and even this happened for me guys if you guys watch my video talking about how I incorporated vlogs what it did to my youtube channel I stopped launching videos that I knew we're going to get a ton of ton of views and yes there are some videos where I know oh this one's gonna pop off a little bit more compared to this one but I at one point was moreso chasing the views you know I wanted to create videos that were not only going to be interesting my current subscribers but I was really focusing on more subscribers I was like how can I reach more people how can I get more subscribers like I was focused so much on people that weren't even subscribed to my channel that I think I really lost the focus of hey I have amazing people that are already subscribed to my channel why don't I create content that they're truly interested in so I decided to do one video a week that was so YouTube related like YouTube tips and tricks strategies and stuff and my other video week is a vlog style which my ride-or-die audience like my current subscribers love those videos those videos aren't going to attract new subscribers but I'm totally ok with it because I went to create content that not only I enjoy but that my audience enjoys as well and if it gets views that's great but I'm not doing this for the views so for the first question should I film videos I like videos that get views how do I do both I honestly think that you should film videos that you like if you realize that there's maybe a dip in your channel of course you can do your keyword research speaker out what videos are performing really well right now or let's say you're in like the lifestyle nation you notice that different trends are going around like I feel like there were so many but I can remember the fast food trend I feel like that was a really big one where people would do fast food challenges and they would go through a fast food lines and do a variety of different things but if you were in that nature you can easily just create a video that is off one of those trends and that could boost your views a little bit while also being fun but how do you do both that is the key thing here let me drink some water I honestly believe that if you love something and you're passionate about something people are going to flock to that and people are going to notice if you're just creating videos that are gonna get a lot of views and you're not really into it I think that people are going to see right through that but when someone is truly passionate about the content that they are creating I love it and I respond really well to it so I like to think that if you are creating videos that you love your audience will respond well to it as well and that's just going to help you to get views so how do you do both honest I think you focused so much on the videos that you loved and that's going to lead to views but if you think about it more analytically because you guys know I love analytics take a look at your videos on your channel right now your most popular ones what ones did you have fun with what ones were your favorites and what kind of spin-offs can you do like I really do love the videos talking about how much money I make on YouTube I think that's such a fascinating side of this platform but I've done a lot already you know it's really hard to come up with different ideas to share how I'm making money on YouTube or how much money this video made like it's really hard to think of different ways but you can always do different spin-off videos of videos that you've already created that is still sharing something different while also getting views and creating it because you love it you know so I think there is a side to research that goes into creating videos that get views that you also love but I would focus so much on just having fun guys YouTube is a creative platform and just be creative with it honestly that is it for this YouTube video I hope you guys liked it it is the first episode on my youtube channel for my honest opinion if you guys want to watch my ig TV make sure you guys follow me on Instagram but I do already have one of these videos live in my IG TV please let me know in the comment section down below if you guys want me to continue this on YouTube if not I am just going to continue it on my IG TV how many times can I say I GTV and so like just make sure you guys follow me on Instagram because that is where I asked you guys these questions as well it's a lot easier for me to collect on Instagram compared to YouTube it's all just in one spot and it's really really easy for me so make sure you guys follow me there let me know if you want to continue here on my youtube channel or just on my Instagram and I will see you guys back here on Tuesday with another video and on Friday with another vlog that guys so much hair which is a new series shirt shirt shirt it's too bright [Music] when is oh my god I'm a little worried about like our garbage my heart's like okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @NicoleMaguire [2 likes]: Who else is trying to grow their channel? Trying to find smaller youtube friends
  2. @madelinehixon [1 likes]: i am changing my niche from travel after covid & it is KILLINGGG ME. my views are so pathetic it makes me want to bawl my eyes out 😭
  3. @IamAmogha [1 likes]: I needed this!
  4. @snippetsofpam: 6:00
  5. @chaiboix: 4:34
  6. @maricelpongos2844: I am very inspired to your meaningfull and usefully advice ..I can feel it that you ware sincere to every word you say...and you mean it from your heart..I will continue enjoy my passion on youtube my blogs connects me..and I also ask the viewers  
any suggestion vedios that they want to watch..for them to connect with me and be happy.God bless you more and your channel Mam Cathrin
  7. @victoriaread6508: I kinda hate the channel comparison TubeBuddy gives you...its often just discouraging lol
  8. @crochetmelovely: 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
  9. @VialDesignsCreative: I love your honesty and though love!!! I'd love to see more of these Q&A videos!!😊
  10. @DoctorMcFarlandStudios: Nice hair
  11. @averykathryn2320: I have a question.
How do I see my subscribers?
I have a mystery subber!
#Who?
  12. @denissemitchell9891: I love all of your videos!
  13. @subrungtv7642: Amazing Recepe https://youtu.be/cPxGmG2xKtY
  14. @CarObsession: This is JUST the video I needed at this moment in time, thank you very much.
  15. @authenticallytrish: I’m just thrown off at how good other new youtubers are already. 😳 Did everyone go to youtube school?!
  16. @love199716: binge ur videos
  17. @KaitlinSonday: Hey! I see you changed your name to your actual name instead of Content bug! That is cool! I have been thinking about what you said in one of your videos about unlisting your other videos that don't relate to your niche!? I am very interested in learning more about that! Can you make a video specifically about that because that is a very unique tip that I have never heard from anyone else!
  18. @cathyover50: Great video Cathrin, thank you for sharing.
  19. @yumes_studio: Thank you so much for these tips! My channel grew exponentially in the last two years but I took a sudden hiatus and found myself struggling to continue with my ideas. I really enjoyed this video. :)
  20. @CantoneseCouple: I haven’t posted a video in a few years. I have a little over 13K subs and have built a small community. However, I have a new passion that I want to talk about. I’m quickly losing subscribers. Hopefully this is the right decision. Love your content. Thanks for keeping me motivated!

- SMALL CHANNELS: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You! 10 YouTube Optimization & Engagement Tips: Kind: captions Language: en here are 10 simple tips for how you can optimize your videos so that your channel can grow quickly and so that each of your videos will perform well what's up music meeples in the game of Music marketing strategy is everything let's get into it imagine a world where you post a YouTube video and immediately it gets hundreds and thousands of views without you having to like watch it yourself over and over over and over again admit it you have done that and everyone has when they're just getting started and that's okay but optimize and so that each of your videos will perform well the number one thing that you can do is optimize your titles especially for keyword research now I have a different video that I made that takes you through step by step how you can find keywords to help you rank on the first page of YouTube I've used it myself and it has has worked wonderfully so make sure you check out that video but the number one thing that you can do to rank your videos is to optimize those titles with keywords that people are actually looking for if you are a musician keywords that you might want to include that maybe won't rank very well within the keyword research tools but that will help inform your audience are terms like Acoustic Live cover think about all of the different little elements of your song that you are posting that is going going to help the audience understand exactly what they're going to be getting in that video the next thing that you can do is optimize your thumbnails now this seems really simple but it is so important because especially if you are going to be suggested on people's homepage they need to have a very clear idea of what is happening so here are the very basic tips make sure that you have nice clear Lighting on your face make sure that you have very clear words that are very big and make sure that you don't have any more than five words you should never have more than five words because it's going to be too much also make sure that your thumbnail doesn't say the exact same thing as your title use different keywords in your thumbnail versus your title also with those thumbnails make sure that you're being consistent with your branding you don't want to have really random unrelated thumbnails people should recognize who you are and that it's your channel from your thumbnail right away tip number three is to include detailed descriptions there's so many neat channels that have gone into the analytics of this but once you have created your keywords don't just put them in the title you have so much space in the video description to include longtail keywords short tail keywords questions people are asking now even if you are a musician and that seems strange cuz you're not actually teaching something there are so many ways that you can include detailed descriptions for things that people want to know to help your video Rank and to help your channel grow the next tip is to use tags effectively now this is H or Miss there are so many different interviews with YouTube professionals that say the tags are really just to help organize the videos for creat and not so much for ranking but it's still a really good option to try just in case it makes a difference so that includes in your channel you can actually have Channel tags and individual video tags so make sure that once you do your keyword research that you are making sure you have those tags in both of those places the next thing you can do may seem obvious but engage with comments if you are blessed enough to have an audience that is commenting on your videos engage with them now this can be really difficult especially if you are often on Tik Tok the things just keep coming like the if you're on reals and Tik Tok and YouTube your phone is just going to be blowing up and it can get really mentally exhausting so make sure that this is part of a schedule don't let the notifications come up to your phone all the time you need to turn off those notifications and instead schedule a time either once a day or once a week where you go in and you engage with your audience this needs to be something on the calendar because if you just let yourself engage anytime a new comment pops up it's going to be terrible for your mental health and so in order for your YouTube channel to thrive and really stay in the test of time you need to have systems in place to engage with your audience but still have healthy boundaries the next thing you can do to optimize your channel is to have playist the greatest thing that can happen is when someone sees a video and they love it they want to learn more and so then they just go to the next one and then go to the next one and go to the next one the next thing you know you have hours of watch time from one person because they watched your playlist same thing if you have playlists for types of music that you have if you if they just can play a whole playlist that is going to make sure that they are staying on your channel and not just get being suggested to someone else's Channel that's similar to yours so make sure that you have your content organized into playlists now of course you could try and get on other people's playlists as well that's kind of a bonus thing that you can do but what you have the most control over easily is creating your own playlist the next thing you want to do to optimize your YouTube channel is have a consistent posting schedule now I know this is easier said than done but the best thing you can do is what's called batching your content so what I do like what I'm doing right now is today I am filming two months worth of videos so that I don't have to turn the camera on again until the fall so I am recording nine long form videos today so that I don't have to press record instead each week I can just work on editing the video and scheduling it and I have a video come out every Monday and it's not very stressful if you plan ahead so a lot of the videos that you'll see on my channel is all about making your optimization of your YouTube channel just part of your routine if you're just making up videos on the Fly each week There's no way you're going to have a consistent schedule and it's going to be terrible again for your mental health so instead you need to plan ahead do your keyword research come up with eight video titles or just start with four video titles if you want to go month by month mon film all four of those videos and then edit them as you go so that you can post regularly every week and then the cycle starts again by consistently planning ahead you can have better content that's going to rank better on YouTube and it's going to be better for your overall life because you're not going to be frantically stressed out about getting your video posted in time you can do most of the work ahead of time and have a consistent schedule and also you probably know this but you can schedule your videos out in advance so you don't have to go in and post it manually you can do this easily on YouTube you can do it with a Creator channel on Instagram and yes you can do it with Tik Tok but that's a whole other story because Tik Tok doesn't actually like you to do that that's a story for another day let's keep talking about YouTube optimization the next thing you can do to optimize your channel which is so hard because it's so intimidating is to collaborate with other people but let me tell you if you are able to get on someone else's Channel and have them on your channel it's going to grow both of your audiences this is always how I find my favorite YouTubers is because they work together and make collaboration videos and then I go over to the other channel and I subscribe that's going to be so important and also it's not just about collaborating with videos if you're collaborating with other people that is going to grow your business so wonderfully that is how I have found all of my clients I have had a job I have gotten to know people I've worked with well with them I have enjoyed working with them and then then I have been so blessed that all of my clients so far have come to me I haven't had to do any Outreach because I've already just collaborated with them we enjoyed working together and then we worked together again and then again and again and it's great because you just become friends with the people that you're working with and it helps you grow your audience and increase your Revenue in such a beautiful authentic way the next thing you have to do if you want to optimize your YouTube channel is to learn how to read analytics now if you don't know what analytics are I do have a separate video on that but basically it's the statistics of who's looking at your video why they're looking at your video or how long they're watching it at least where they're from all of the different demographics psychographics all that stuff that is the analytics and if you can learn to read those you then can make sure that the next video you make is going to have the same success as your last one if not better the next thing you can do to optimize your YouTube channel is make sure that you are getting high ation so hi watch time and you can do that by making sure that you include end cards which then takes the viewer onto your next video so that they will continually watch what you have to offer do you see what I did there

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeanReynoldsMusicMedia: Hi, I’ve been binge watching your content all week and I must say.. you are really adding value to us as musician and music publishers, like myself!❤
  2. @ThailandWithMonchai: Love the tips. I really appreciate your suggestions. I should have my channel up by the end of this year. Thank you so much for your positive vibe! ❤😊
  3. @AL.DonTrueCrime: But you only have 66 views on this in a day?

- How YouTube's New Algorithm Will (Change Everything!): Kind: captions Language: en how YouTube's new algorithm will change everything I'm diving deep into YouTube's latest algorithm update to see if I can figure out how it really works and what it means for creators like me YouTube's algorithm updates are always a Hot Topic among content creators and for good reason staying informed about these changes is crucial to Our Success on the platform fluctuating views pressure to maintain engagement and the constant need to adapt to new rules these are just a few of the challenges creators face when algorith updates roll out it's like trying to hit a moving Target and it can be frustrating to say the least the algorithm seems to change just when we think we figured it out leaving us scrambling to adjust our strategies this constant flux can be overwhelming especially for smaller creators who don't have a team of experts behind them and let's be real even the biggest creators struggle to keep up with the evolving landscape the algorithm's unpredictability can lead to a lot of anxiety and uncertainty we've all been there we wake up one morning and our views have suddenly plummeted we frantically search for answers wondering what we did wrong and how we can fix it it's a never-ending cycle of trial and error and it can be exhausting but that's just the reality of creating content on YouTube we have to be willing to adapt and evolve if we want to stay ahead of the game so what's changed in this latest update and why are these changes so important for creators to understand well for starters YouTube has made some significant tweaks to the way it Ranks videos in search results the algorithm is now prioritizing videos that keep viewers engaged for longer periods of time which means that creators need to focus on producing highquality content that resonates With Their audience but that's not all the update has also introduced some changes to the way YouTube handles recommendations the algorithm is now taking into account a user's watch history and preferences which means that creators need to be more mindful of their target audience and tailor their content accordingly these changes may seem small but they have the potential to make a big impact on a Creator's visibility and reach one of the most surprising elements of this update is the emphasis on Creator transparency YouTube is now giving creators more control over their analytics allowing them to see exactly how their videos are performing and where they can improve this is a game Cher for creators who want to take their content to the next level if you're finding this video helpful please like And subscribe I have other videos that will be useful but what does this mean for creators moving forward well for one it means that we need to be more focused than ever on producing highquality content that resonates with our audience it means that we need to be more mindful of our analytics and use that data to inform our strategy and it means that we need to be willing to adapt and evolve as the algorithm continues to change in summary YouTube's latest algorithm update is all about prioritizing highquality content that keeps viewers engaged and rewarding creators who take the time to understand their audience and tailor their content accordingly it's a challenge to be sure but it's also an opportunity for creators to step up their game and take their content to the next level so what do you think how do you plan to adapt to this latest update let me know in the comments below and if you're new here consider subscri subing for more tips and insights on how to succeed on YouTube

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheNicheFitz [5 likes]: https://vidiq.com/kentfitz

Create Professional Videos Without Mics, Cameras, Actors or Studios. Try it for FREE! https://pipio.ai/?via=kent
  2. @kentfitzpatrick4179 [1 likes]: Nice thumbnail by vidIQ idea section.

- How @TubeSensei Cracked Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends, welcome to our channel. I am your friend Natural Disaster and today we are going to talk about a topic that keeps revolving in the mind of every YouTuber. How to decode YouTube ? What is the Tube Sansai? And most importantly, how to crack YouTube's algorithm ? So if you also want to take your channel to the next level, then watch this video till the end and let's get started. First of all, let us understand what is YouTube's algorithm? Friends, YouTube 's algorithm is a super smart system that decides which video will be shown to which user. It looks at your video's title, description, tags, thumbnail, and most importantly, audience behavior. Meaning if your viewers watch your video for a long time, like, comment and share it. So the algorithm makes your video reach more people. But the question is how to get this algorithm in your favor ? Here comes the concept of tube sansai. Friends, TubeSense is not a magic wand but it is a strategy that helps you understand the game of YouTube. Sansai means wisdom and Tube Sansai means handling YouTube smartly. For this you will have to focus on three things. Content, Consistency and Community. First content. Your content should provide value to your audience. Suppose you do a tech review, then just telling the specifications of the product will not work. You need to explain why that product is important to them. How will it improve their life? Use storytelling. Create a flow in your video so that the viewer is hooked from start to finish. And yes, make the thumbnail and title so attractive that people cannot resist clicking. But avoid clickbait. Because algorithms do n't like fake promises. Second, consistency. Friends, YouTube likes channels that upload regularly. If you upload one video a week , stick to that schedule. But quality matters more than quantity. One high-quality video that keeps the audience engaged for 10 minutes is better than 10 average videos. And yes, stick to your niche. If your channel is about tech then do n't suddenly start travel vlogs. It does n't take time for the algorithm to get confused. Third community. Do n't think of your subscribers as just numbers. That is your family. Reply to their comments. Listen to their feedback and incorporate their suggestions into your content. YouTube loves channels where engagement is high. So ask questions in the comments section, post polls and do live sessions. All this helps in boosting your channel. Now let's talk about some practical tips that will help you crack the YouTube algorithm. Tip number one: Focus on watch time. The biggest factor for the algorithm is how long people watch your video ? Make the first 30 seconds of your video powerful enough to make the viewer stop. Ask a question. Share an interesting fact or show them something that is new to them. Tip number two: Understand analytics. Go to YouTube Studio and see where your viewers are coming from. How long are you staying and which videos are playing more. This data will tell you what is working and what is not. Tip number three, use SIO. Use the right keywords in your video's title, description, and tags. You can use tools like Tubeb or ViQ to understand what people are searching for. Tip number four, cross promotion. Link your old videos to new videos. Use end screens and cards and encourage your viewers to check out the playlist. This will fill up your session time. Which the algorithm loves. So friends, decoding YouTube and cracking the algorithm is not rocket science. It's all a game of right strategy, hard work and patience. If you remain consistent, provide value to your audience and understand the algorithm, your channel will definitely grow. If you liked this video, please like it. Let us know in the comments what your biggest YouTube strategy is and don't forget to subscribe to the channel. Press the bell icon to get notifications of our new videos. See you in the next video. Till then keep creating, keep growing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LEARNWITHKRSHNA [2 likes]: bro ye talking charecter anime kaise banaya or ye voice aapki he ya AI generated he
  2. @arabind941: Nice❤❤

- The AI Wastelands of YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en As a YouTuber, one of my biggest inspirations are all the weird nooks and crannies that exist on this website. I love looking into stuff like creepy videos with no views, deep YouTube, the weird stuff on YouTube Kids. I feel like finding the dark sides of a platform that you interact with every day is always an interesting concept. So, when I decided to cover YouTube shorts, I expected it would go much like my other videos exploring the other facets of YouTube. I was expecting to find some creepy unexplained videos, some strange accounts that might end up being ARGs or art projects, and maybe the odd mystery, but what I found instead completely subverted my expectations. It was honestly a little shocking. I had heard that AI was becoming an increasingly big problem on YouTube. In fact, YouTube even recently implemented some changes to their monetization guidelines to address the problem of AI content on this platform. But speaking as somebody who basically exclusively watches long form videos, I was expecting this change to be because of trends like QCAT AI or all the AI creepyp pasta narration channels. Little did I know the problem of AI slop on YouTube is very much centered around YouTube shorts. When I first loaded it up and started scrolling, I was expecting to see the same sort of content that I saw on Tik Tok back when I did a video about that platform. But what I saw instead was an endless barrage of AI generated junk. Don't get me wrong, the visuals in the videos themselves very often weren't AI generated, but the narrations and the scripts very obviously were. And I don't mean like an odd AI generated video within a sea of legit content. No, I mean the majority of videos I came across on YouTube shorts were AI slop. Almost every clip I scrolled on followed the exact same weird format with the same uncanny, awkward voiceovers and overly stimulating brain rot editing. These videos often get surprisingly esoteric and surreal, not just in their strange visuals and storylines, but also the weird trends they all seem to follow, which I guess kind of fits in with the theme of my channel. But the main point I want to focus on today is the downfall of this section of YouTube, or as I like to call it, the AI apocalypse of YouTube shorts. But why is this happening? Why are so many accounts making these strange videos? And why does this only seem to be happening on YouTube and not on Tik Tok or Instagram? To answer those questions, and we are going to answer them, we've got to start at the beginning. When YouTube Shorts first launched in 2020, it wasn't exactly a passion project from anybody at Google, but rather a feature that the company was pretty much forced to implement. Tik Tok had been exploding in popularity, and it was clear short form vertical content that you could just mindlessly scroll through on your phone just may be the future of online video. Every other major player in the social media space would also implement some sort of short form content section on their platform. Even Reddit now lets you scroll through videos in the same manner as Tik Tok. With YouTube being the video platform on the internet, it was no surprise that they too would eventually become part of this new online video paradigm. For the first few years of its existence, the content on YouTube shorts didn't really differ very much from the other short form video platforms it was competing with. The only real difference was that YouTubers would often make shorts specifically to advertise their long- form content, which was a trend that was obviously much more pronounced on YouTube than any other platform. Another interesting unique quality on YouTube shorts was that all vertical videos uploaded to YouTube at any point in time that were less than 3 minutes long were automatically converted into shorts in November 2024. meaning you can scroll past shorts on YouTube that date all the way back to 2011, making the back catalog on this platform much older than its competitors. In the last year or so though, a new trend began picking up steam on YouTube shorts. Not one that was necessarily unique to the platform, but one that definitely appears to be much more prominent on shorts in particular compared to every other short form video app. AI generated slop. Now, when I say that, I don't necessarily mean completely AI generated videos or slideshows of AI generated images. Those definitely are there as well, but I'm talking about something that's a little more subtle and hard to notice. Like I said earlier, I never really got into watching short form content personally. So, when I decided to research a video about horror on YouTube shorts, my plan was to go in with a fresh account and start scrolling until I find some interesting stuff. This sort of blind research usually takes a while to do, and I was ready to dedicate a significant amount of time to it, but I almost immediately began to notice a trend. It seems like every video I scrolled past showed some clip that can only be described as a sort of internet highlight. Like the sort of thing you would see while scrolling through Instagram or Twitter. Just random, vaguely interesting clips with some sort of mass appeal to them. All of these videos will be accompanied by awkward but well-recorded dialogue explaining what was happening with extremely stimulating editing, complete with subtitles, sound effects, and clip transitions flying by seemingly every few seconds. While a little stilted, the narration would always explain what was going on in the clip in a way that was obviously trying to keep the user watching, usually alluding to something intriguing that was about to happen in the clip. And then the videos would often just kind of stop. Sometimes something interesting would happen and then the video would end immediately after without having any sort of resolution. It's a little hard to describe, so I'm just going to show you an example. This dad made the biggest mistake ever because when he challenged his track athlete son to a race and was confident that he still had it, he didn't realize dad strength doesn't apply to running. Just wait till you see what happens. >> So, that video is 14 seconds long. 12 seconds is spent setting up the situation for the viewer, acting as a sort of introduction and not really anything more. A grand 2 seconds at the very end is spent rewarding the viewer with the payoff and the clip just kind of ends during it. Many of the details described in the intro, like how it was a race between a father and son and how that son was a track athlete, are essentially unnecessary details that are irrelevant to what actually happens in the video. And on top of that, the overall narration doesn't even seem to be describing what's really happening in the clip. The narrator says that it's a race between a dad and his son, but only his dad runs with the sons cheering him on. It's clearly not a race. And in an older upload of the same clip that I found on a different channel, minus the bad narration and brain rot editing, we can see that this is described as a dad failing when trying to do a lawn jump, which is a much more sensible description for this video that's completely different than the brain rot remix of it. It made me wonder, why would somebody take this video and just make a worse version of it with an added dose of dishonesty on top of that? I mean, can you believe that somebody would just lie on the internet like that? The account that posted that video is called Snap, and they have many other uploads, all of which are just videos farmed from other parts of the internet with bad editing and lazy narration. That dialogue, by the way, while it may sound real, is actually generated with AI, specifically with a service called 11 Labs, but we'll get more into how these videos are made in a little bit. Every clip here is basically the same. There's always an overly elaborate setup, often with irrelevant details, and the payoff to that setup is always unsatisfying. While in the first video we talked about something did happen at the end of it. Sometimes nothing happens and the video is just completely pointless. I'm not kidding. Like look at this video for example. This girl was just a few inches away from winning the championship but then stumbles over the cones and is quickly losing her lead. But what she did next was absolutely crazy. The video is obviously trying to show you how this track athlete tripped but was able to recover and somersault over the finish line. But they show that happening three times while alluding to something more that's supposedly going to happen, but nothing does and they just show the same clip for a fourth time and then the video ends abruptly. This sort of editing and writing style is engaging, but when you don't leave the viewer with a resolution for the scenario you use as a hook, they just leave the video feeling teased and dissatisfied. And that was the general feeling I had while using YouTube Shorts because believe me, it wasn't just this account posting videos like this, not by a long shot. I was shocked by the sheer volume of AI narrated slop I found on shorts. It seemed like every second video I came across was one of these unsatisfying clips. And I was able to make a list of 30 accounts that were posting stuff like this in only 10 minutes of scrolling. And no doubt I could increase the length of that list exponentially if I were to spend more time looking. While Snap mainly focus on videos of sports and other kinds of physical activities, the range of content you could find in these AI farming accounts is practically endless and reaches across just about every genre and niche you can think of. Of course, the most common theme though is that Mr. Beast genre of content. You know, videos that don't really have a specific style, just stuff that's purely crafted to succeed in the algorithm while literally taking nothing else into account. Like this video. When this guy decided to start tidying up his garage, he went totally overboard with the soap. Before long, the entire space was packed with thick foam. At one point, when he tried handing his friend a beer, he had to rely on memory just to find the fridge. But how did he even do this? This one is so unsatisfying that it even seems to cut off at the end. Like, there was supposed to be more of the video, but it just ends in the middle of it. You'll also notice in this one that it says, "Don't click the sound in the description." This is another trend you're going to notice in these videos. The descriptions often say that. I'm pretty sure the reasoning here is that when you do click the sound, it just redirects to another video. In the case of the soap clip, clicking the sound leads to the following video. When this girl showed up to the burger joint, she found out she could get one for free if she could beat the waitress in a simple game. All she had was a straw and a deep breath. But something felt off because the fish, let's just say she wasn't playing fair. And just like that, this girl walked out with a free burger. If this stuff is starting to appear a little surreal to you, don't worry, you're not alone. This video doesn't make any sense at all. For one thing, the arrow at the beginning is pointing to the wrong person, and the story, of course, devolves more and more into nonsense as it goes on for its brief 15-second run. Many of these shorts are just like this. The editing and the narration often don't match up to the original clip. But in an odd way, it almost makes them unintentionally entertaining just because of how weird they are. Take this video for example. Based on the thumbnail in the description, you would assume that it's just a towel getting squeezed out in an oddly satisfying manner and nothing more, right? I mean, what context is even needed for a video like this? Let's find out. Whenever this wife has dried herself off after shower, her towel always needed ages to get dry again. So that her husband one day built an own drying machine for her at home, which turned out to be so satisfying that the wife thought she should start her own company and sell it to the masses. about letting the husband do all the work for her. But unexpectedly, when she started, she got away with less than two sales at zero likes. Believe it or not, these videos get even more surreal and weird than this. After scrolling past quite a few AI narrated shorts, I finally stumbled across some horror content, discovering a channel called Mr. Gen Mind, where I was greeted with a whole new level of brain rod. As AVGN once said, we're turning up the diarrhea dial. I'm not really sure where to start here, so I'm just going to show you a full video and then we'll talk about it. If you ever see this thing in a random place, do not go near it. >> Bro, it looks creepy. What could possibly go wrong? >> I'll tell you, but first, if you think this little puppy is adorable, like and subscribe. People were freaking out. Why is this doll just hanging from a tree? But here's the twist. This isn't what you think. It's not haunted. It's just Halloween decoration. Let's analyze this to find out the actual content that exists in this video. For 4 seconds, we're shown a clip of a doll hanging from a tree. This is in essence the meat of the video. For the next 10 seconds, we're shown things that are irrelevant to that setup, like a cat commenting on what the narrator said in the intro and a fluffy Pomeranian that has no relevance at all. After the call to subscribe to the channel, we're met with more video of the doll and even more setup from the narrator. We've spent a good 20 seconds now building up the suspense as to what this scary doll might be. And in the final 2 seconds of the video, we're told it's just a Halloween decoration, which almost feels intentionally annoying at this point. The format of this video in particular is more bizarre than anything else we've talked about today. with animal commentators reacting to the videos with wacky voices. You might think that this is a characteristic feature of this channel in particular, but believe it or not, this is actually a trend that spans across multiple channels. A different account called Nish Makael also makes videos that are exactly the same as Mr. Genmine, except with even more brain rot. Because yes, we can in fact inject even more brain rot into these shorts. Take a look. If you ever see this creature on the side of the road, don't get close because what you see is just the beginning, >> bro. Doesn't even look that big. Are you lying to me? >> But before I explain, if you think my dog is adorable, like and subscribe. Now look at this poor dog thrown into the trash like garbage. He's crying for help. And if not for a passing stranger, he might not have made it. If you're a kind person, leave a heart and sad emoji in the comments. May God punish the people who did this and bless those who rescued him. Now, back to the >> Yeah, you don't need to see the ending here. You already know it's not going to amount to anything. The shorts on this channel are so surreal, they actually really resemble those Adult Swim infomercials we were talking about in my last video about overnight TV. Those specials would have short segments that transition into a completely different topic every couple of minutes. Niche Mako shorts do the same thing, transitioning from a hook featuring a creepy image and scenario into a cat commenting on the scene into a cute dog asking you to subscribe into a sick dog that needs help who's also asking viewers to comment emojis all on a video that began with a terrifying horror movie creature rising from a sewer. I can't imagine who the average viewer of a channel like this is. Is it just an extremely high person drooling while staring at their screen? Is it just an iPad kid who has no idea what they're watching? Maybe. But neither of those groups are the core audience for this sort of content. To really nail down this demographic, we're going to look at another much larger channel. This one is called Hubble Up Baggins, and it has a whopping 4.8 million subscribers with most of their uploads getting north of a million views, and their most popular video holding an insane 192 million views. The content here is based around animals. These videos either just show you some casual cute pet videos or they show you a heartwarming story about how a poor neglected animal was saved in some way. The narration is the same AI voice complete with the awkward inflections and grammatical errors typical of this AI genre and the videos often cut off in the same unpleasant way, but the general format of this channel and more importantly the comment section really gives me an idea the sort of people who regularly watch content like this. I will give you an example to explain what I mean. This video is about how everybody was ignoring this sweet and cute otter until a passer by paid him some attention and made his day. Every comment here mostly just says how the otter is cute accompanied with a ton of emojis. The subject matter of this video combined with how the comments are written really reminds me of AI content on Facebook which I covered in a video last year. To summarize that video, AI content on Facebook usually presents you with an AI generated image accompanied with an emotional story. The comment section of those posts are typically made up of people who are new to or just unfamiliar with the internet and social media and thus they get baited into engaging with low-quality content because they just don't know any better. I firmly believe that these sorts of internet users are the main audience for AI slop on YouTube shorts. People who are inexperienced in some way with social media and thus can't tell real content from fake content. While these sorts of animal videos are probably intended for older people who are new to the internet, there are also channels out there who are specifically marketed towards kids who are just as freshly online, like Blake Style. Blake has 1.5 million subs, and when you look at the thumbnails of his videos, they almost all depict wide-angle point of view shots of playground equipment. The videos, though, are not talking about play structures. It's probably better if I just show you. If you pass by this big tree area and you see this, run away. It is not an ordinary creature, but a demon. I will show you the video, but first, hit the like and subscribe button below if you love your mom and your dad. So, this man came home from work late at night and came across this scary creature. The big tree is said to have many demons at night, making the man traumatized and no longer coming home late at night. This could happen to you, your friends, and your family, too. Trust me, buddy. You never want this happen to them, right? So send this video to your friends and family to warn them about this. Are you ready? So here is the video. I think this might actually be the lowest quality content we've come across today. For a whopping 40 seconds, we're set up with some dumb surreal story that doesn't make any sense, accompanied by a looping playground parkour video, and then the payoff is a 5-second AI generated clip. Every single upload on this channel follows this format. And while this particular video might have less than 10,000 views, many of Blake Styles's uploads have millions of views and are all essentially the same as the one we just watched. While AI content on Facebook is generally hyperfocused around the demographics they can take advantage of, like old people and new internet users from the third world, the user base of YouTube is much more varied than Facebooks. And thus, you can find AI swap infecting any YouTube niche that may appeal to new YouTube users, like AI Jesus stuff. That was a trend on Facebook. and it's here on full force on YouTube as well. Like this video that shows AI Jesus getting absolutely rocked by a sucker punch. Can't we just leave the poor guy alone already? You might also notice there's a microscopic guy in the corner reacting to the video and the comments are identical to the sorts of interactions you would see on Facebook AI Jesus's content, mostly consisting of people saying amen and nothing else. I think weirdest of all is this cat video which describes how a cat that was being bullied by his brother managed to turn his sibling into a catworm. >> White cat focused all this power and turned his rebellious older brother into an impotent and useless catworm. He was then rendered docsil and the two pets could find. >> Seems kind of familiar. Yeah. So, we made this video using some of the same techniques as the people who make AI swap for YouTube shorts. It's actually easier to do than you might think. And by the way, if you want to see our brain wrap masterpiece in its entirety, you can check it out on our Tik Tok, which we just launched. To make this video, we wrote a short script and put it through an app called 11 Labs, which can convert written text into a realistic sounding narration. We then found some cat videos in our camera rolls, and then we put the final product together in Cap Cut, a mobile video editor made by the same company that runs Tik Tok. Now, while that's a similar process, AI junk on YouTube shorts is actually even easier to make than this. So easy, in fact, that we're going to make one together right now. First, we just need to find a clip on Tik Tok that will work. After scrolling for about a minute, I came across this video of a dog smiling. I screen recorded it and cropped out the Tik Tok UI in the photos app. Then, I found an AI script prompt on the YouTuber's subreddit, the place that's always giving great advice like this, and I plugged that into Bing to get a short script about how a dog made my day by smiling at me. I copied that and put it into 11 Labs to get a voice over and then put both the video and audio into Cap Cut. The audio was longer than the video, so I just made some parts loop with some rocking transitions and sound effects. And only 8 minutes after screen recording that Tik Tok, we had a short ready to post to YouTube. Now, I realized after I did this, I forgot to add those auto captions all these videos have. But not to worry, that only took me an extra minute or so to add in and rerender. Now, I didn't figure this process out on my own. And the place I learned how to do it is also going to explain why this junk content is so rampant on YouTube shorts. Since the dawn of the internet, one thought has invaded the minds of many, many people. How can I use this technology to make money without doing much work? People have answered this question in many ways. From mining straightup scams like fake tech support or less straightup scams like that new cryptocoin that's going to revolutionize finance. There are even scams out there that prey on this desire to make easy money online, promising people relaxed work from home jobs and then stealing their identity. But the latest craze that's going around in the sort of scammy internet money-making space is AI YouTube Shorts. If you type in AI YouTube Shorts in the YouTube search bar and hit enter, you'll be bombarded with a ton of videos describing how creators made channels from scratch that blew up and are making them a lot of passive income. Of course, these people aren't just going to tell you about their success. They're going to tell you some of how they did it. The most important knowledge, though, is locked behind their premium courses that you'll need to buy. These tutorials essentially teach you how you too can make a ton of money by clipping content from other social media platforms and transforming it into AI slot. And they all outline the basic process we just used to make those two brain rot shorts. This sort of get-richquick on YouTube content falls at the intersection of two other niches. One of them being the AI finance niche, which is a group of people who find ways to generate content using AI to make money online, and also the YouTube metagame niche, which is a subsection of creators who make tutorials about how to grow your YouTube channel. I'm really not a fan of this YouTube meta content in particular. They always treat YouTube purely as a game of hitting certain statistics while often completely ignoring the art form of video creation itself, which is kind of important. In my mind, success on this platform is really as simple as consistently making good content that other people want to watch. You don't need to worry about taking advantage of cuttingedge AI tools or copying Mr. Beast just because some so-called YouTube guru told you to. I got a little off track there, but the point is there's an entire community on the internet that's completely centered around making AI YouTube shorts channels purely to make money. Making a channel like this is no different than somebody launching a cryptocoin. It's just become another online get-richqu scheme. The comments on these tutorials are filled with people spouting motivational self-help nonsense about how they're going to manifest their success and how we're all going to make it in 2025, which is the same sort of dril you'll see in other Get-Rich Quick communities online. Almost every weird trend you'll see in these AI videos are because of how the people making them are only concerned about getting views and not about making good content. the way they cut off in an annoying way at the end. That's because ending the video at the climax rather than after increases the percentage of your average view duration, which is also why these videos all tend to just kind of lead you on and then finish without any kind of payoff. The awkward calls to like and subscribe using emotional methods like showing cute animals or guilting the viewer. That's because these creators aren't concerned about their audience's enjoyment. They just want to strongarm people into interacting with their trash. These AI videos are a result of non-creative people trying to use YouTube as nothing more than a money printer, which is just kind of sad to me. YouTube can be very lucrative, but what's the point of doing it if you don't care about what you're making? Sure, it's always fun to see the numbers go up in your YouTube studio app, but part of that fun is because I'm excited to share something cool I made with other people. If I was just knowingly making garbage that people watch but didn't actually like, I wouldn't feel any passion for this and YouTube would just kind of become the same slog through the day that a 9 toive job is. By the way, we still didn't answer why this AI content is mostly a YouTube problem and not so much an Instagram or Tik Tok problem. Well, that's because YouTube just pays more than those platforms. In this survey from 2024, a cross-section of different online creators most commonly said that YouTube was a platform that earned them the most money. Whether or not there's hard evidence to back that up doesn't matter because YouTube has a reputation for being the highest paid platform. And thus, that's where these short form junk creators tend to focus their efforts. Starting on July 15th, YouTube changed some of their monetization policy to better catch people who are just uploading garbage AI content, which has always actually been against the rules of the YouTube partner program. While hopefully these changes will disincentivize people to make content like this, I unfortunately remain a bit skeptical. There's not really a lot YouTube can actually do to automatically flag these videos. How is YouTube supposed to know if a video is ripped from another platform and has an AI voice over? Sure, I have no doubt they'll be able to catch people who are just reusing the same narration for multiple videos like Blake style, but that's also really easy to get around. It would take less than a minute to ask Chachi PT or Bing to rephrase a script and then plug it back into 11 Labs and then bam, completely new voice over that won't be picked up by YouTube's automatic content moderation system. The only way I can see YouTube consistently being able to stop this problem would be if they found a way to somehow detect an AI voiceover and then flag it. But that would harm people who are using AI voiceovers in their legitimate content. Not that I necessarily condone that. And for that reason, even if it were possible, I don't think YouTube will ever do it. And as such, I expect this problem to continue until YouTube starts putting in massive amounts of actual manpower into manually sifting through channels to separate the junk creators from the rest, which is not something I'm going to hold my breath for. This video was a little disappointing to make. I was actually hoping to find some cool stuff on YouTube shorts to be able to share with you guys, but the AI stuff was just so noisy and prevalent that I couldn't really ignore it. Maybe someday I'll return and find some other way to sip through shorts. If you have any interesting leads you want me to look into, make sure to leave it below in a comment and I'll be sure to check it out. But until then, guys, thank you so much for watching and I hope you all have a great night. Heat. Heat. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @beautifulcatastrophe [1 likes]: rvx vanced newpipe microG revanced
  2. @beautifulcatastrophe [1 likes]: Just use rvx
  3. @iraqwarveteran470: It's simple: Google is tracking who is actually watching these videos so that they can be sorted out when the tech billionaires start culling the population.
  4. @gjace26: It's all low iq content
  5. @zannieisthebestabaplayer: 15:42 WHAT THE HELL IS THAT PROFILE PICTURE
  6. @Sigmamogginginohio: Yt shorts feels like facebook with how much bots there are
  7. @siddhubhojpurii: I keep seeing identical hooks and identical pacing, the video nailed it, and AICarma reports similar repetition when people ask LLMs about brands.
  8. @yahuzasani4651: this is why i hate scrolling through shorts lol
  9. @cristiano07-f4e: literally just saw a bunch of ai garbage on my feed
  10. @qwesigeezy696: wow this explains a lot, never thought about it like this
  11. @Rajib-bhai-x7m: you nailed it, it really is brainrot out here 🤦‍♂️
  12. @toomuchsci-fi: I report those type of channels when I see them. The more they get reported by lots of people, the more it makes it harder for them to make these videos/channels
  13. @MHaapalaho: Not me getting ad for an AI middle of this 😑
  14. @tristananastasio9486: 10:54 AVGN!!
  15. @terroriswkid: It feels like no man land
  16. @worshipthefather: how many ppl came from that video essay tiktok?
  17. @eelobrian6727: I listened to this vid on 2x speed and it was perfect.
  18. @markhovscrch4050: Im just a human being with stuck of 500 subscriber since 2016
  19. @emochick99: 10:55 avgn reference took me back. hell yeah brother
  20. @Yoty6422: Every time I find AI I block the channel from appearing on my for you

- These 6 AI Niches Are Blowing Up on YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en With AI video becoming so advanced now, there are new viral shorts niches popping up every single day. So, I've compiled a list of the six best ones right now for you to hop into. But real quick, I just released a brand new school community. I made it just for you so you can succeed with shorts. So, be sure to join. You're going to love it. Now, all the niches in this video are in the AI image to video style, not text to video like Sora. So, these are all made by first generating images with a tool like Nano Banana and then animating it with a tool like Kling or Rock. Let's get the most popular one out of the way first, the skeleton niche. This channel has gotten almost 300 million views from only 84 shorts posted. Their shorts consist of what if scenarios shown on a 3D animated skeleton character. This is a very broad niche as well with many sub niches, and I'm seeing it get bigger week by week. But since so many people are entering this niche, in order to be successful, I recommend finding a new unique angle that not a lot of channels have done yet. Like this channel, which is focused on anime and has gotten 31 million views in the last month. And this channel, which has gotten 63 million views in the last month focused on history. And now, making this content just got a hell of a lot easier, and I just posted a full tutorial, so check that out if you're interested. Niche number two is money. This channel has posted eight shorts to generate 5 million views. Now, this is a slight adaptation of a skeleton sub niche where the content compared different job salaries. But this channel uses real humans instead of skeletons. They compare different jobs and financial situations now versus 100 years ago. This is a genius niche because once you're monetized, you are very likely to have a high RPM due to the focus on money. Now, this channel has stopped posting for some reason, but their view counts prove that there is demand for this type of content. So, this might just be your opportunity to capitalize. I'll call niche number three memories. Two versions of this type of content. First is tributes. This channel has pulled in over 33 million views in the last month. They're using AI to pay tribute to celebrities and animals who have passed away. Because of how emotionally triggering it is to the viewer, it is no surprise that they are averaging over a million views a short. And this channel has gotten 60 million views from only 40 shorts. They post tributes as well, but they also post the other variation of this niche, which is then and now, showing celebrities then and now using AI to visualize the young version next to the older version. You see, this niche has already existed in the past on both shorts and long form, but now thanks to AI, it can be done in a way more engaging way. And now, listen. If you want to find niches like this before someone like me makes a video like this exposing them, I encourage you all to check out the tool I've linked down below. This tool is how I have found literally all of the channels I'm showing you in this video. I mean, look at this channel. Started a week ago, and they got 3.8 million views on their first short, the crime niche. There really isn't an easier way to find so many good niches. And this tool actually allows you to easily create all of the content in all of the niches on this list as well. Best, most useful shorts tool by a mile. Fourth niche is construction. This channel is blowing the hell up. 275 million views in the last 30 days posting construction shorts transforming random objects like giant fruit into houses. This goes so damn viral because of how satisfying it is. It's visual ASMR, and it makes you want to watch until the end to see what the finished product looks like. On top of that, it is visual storytelling with no language attached to it, which means that it can attract the entire globe and go way more viral than the other niches on this list. Niche number five is car evolutions. This channel has pulled in almost a billion views. They use AI to showcase the evolution of different car models. This niche capitalizes on an interest with an absolutely massive audience, and it is the perfect use of AI. Evolution content can do super well showing a transformation with AI. And I know that there's definitely a ton of other similar niches like this one focused on evolution that can do very good, too. The final niche is dinosaurs. This channel has recently started and has pulled in 14.5 million views. Like the first niche on this list, this niche uses commentary and AI visuals to cover what if scenarios, but involving dinosaurs. Another excellent niche using AI to visualize something that couldn't have easily been visualized before. And this content is just as easy to create as the skeleton niche. So, be sure to let me know in the comments if you want me to make a tutorial on this niche or any of the other niches shown in this video. So, those were the six best AI niches right now. I also have a list of hundreds of other niches and example channels that I'm updating every single month inside of my school community. The niches in this video are only the tip of the iceberg. I am putting tons of new viral channels and niches in there all the time, so be sure to join right now, and I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatekPhillip-c3k [4 likes]: The construction niche is a really good one. The problem is that you must add voiceover in order to get monetized since Youtube doesnt allow pure AI content
  2. @RENDAX7X [3 likes]: the construction niche can fall under inauthentic content
  3. @LuxuryLogistics87 [2 likes]: make tutorial on dinosaur niche
  4. @viraworld001 [1 likes]: Hi bro, what about your course on whop? You aren't answering me
  5. @FardCapital [1 likes]: bro i have a question, why did helieken stop posting?
  6. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  7. @NoBonesJoness: Did skeleton niche fall off
  8. @Ephesians6.12_armor: Can these same niches and ai videos work for Facebook monetization in a Facebook Page?
  9. @beautyandglory-b2c: 🎉🎉
  10. @PixelAnimeVibes783: What about short AI movie?
  11. @Wow-Amazing2026: Nice
  12. @brainrecode1: amazing❤
  13. @RavenStoriesReal: nice video
  14. @sniffitio: How you find niches
  15. @Crazynowi: Awesome bro
  16. @abhinavkumar7300: Money
  17. @DMR-88: Nice❤❤
  18. @VideosvideosSeruals: Show as how can we make the last nish
  19. @SohanBusiness-b5q: How much time does it take to monetize a yt shorts channel
  20. @LaggedOut8: Bro how to create construction video?

- I Found 10 Hidden YouTube Shorts Niches for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hello money makers. [music] A couple of weeks ago, I was coming home in a crowded train and I was scrolling shorts to pass the time trying to find something interesting and thought, why does every content look the same? That feeling got stuck to my mind and then [music] I thought, why don't I research the thing and find out if there's really any unique or fresh short niches on YouTube? And in [music] the next 14 to 15 days, my YouTube search list became a mess. I literally researched more than 100 different types of shorts and [music] thousands of channels. Every time, one thing I couldn't help but notice, [music] amidst this crowd of average YouTube shorts, a small group of channels are quietly pulling millions of views in niches [music] most people ignore because they are different and we often avoid different things, [music] different people. In fact, in this video, I will literally show you one channel that [music] became a millionaire per se by posting these unique shorts. But let's be honest about [music] one thing. All the earnings of the channels I will show you are based on what socialblade.com reports. [music] These figures may not always be exact, but they do give a clear idea of the scope and potential of each niche. But wait, [music] don't take it as a shortcut to be rich. It's a genuine guide to get YouTube success based on my hours of research and [music] years of experience on what works and what doesn't. So, in this video, I will break down 10 of those ignored high potential shorts niches [music] which will explode in 2026 with content you can produce in under an hour using free AI tools. Just grab a cup of coffee and watch this video till the end. But wait, before we move ahead, I have created a full course on how to succeed on YouTube with AI and this course have everything that you need to start your YouTube journey. In my 10 years of experience, I have built several channels for me and my clients. And everything that I learned in these 10 years is shared on this course. You will also get group coaching calls every week from me directly and a community of like-minded people whom you can network and grow your business. I'm giving away this coaching and courses at just $199 per year. You don't need to pay any monthly fees like other YouTube gurus. And also I won't sell other teaching for higher price. You pay $199 and get access of my coaching and courses for a year. The link is in the description. Now gets back to the video. Especially don't miss [music] the sixth and the last one. They are literally breaking the internet now. If you want something exciting and familyfriendly, [music] this niche is pure gold. Kids content is now everywhere on YouTube. But kids story shorts are a specific subcategory that's easier to create and more consistently viral than you'd think. Honestly, [music] I didn't find this niche myself at first. During my commute, I saw a mom showing these types of shorts to her little son, and [music] he was literally having fun binging this. So, I overheard them and did some research on it, reaching home, and what I found made me go, "Wow, interesting. [music] Just look at this channel." They are creating simple animated [music] stories with funny situations and relatable characters that kids absolutely love. All shorts revolve around a single imaginary character named Roomie with [music] stories built around challenges, contests, funny adventures, and daily moments, which is pretty unique as it makes [music] you feel like you are a part of a girl's daily journey. Some videos also follow trending animated dance formats. [music] Most content is under 60 seconds and is playful, funny, and kid-friendly, centered on family experiences. The channel has close [music] to 500,000 subscribers. In the last 30 days, it gained around 37 million views [music] and is earning nearly $150,000 per month, according to SocialBlade. The channel launched in July 2025 and achieved this growth in just 5 months. Kids [music] love them because they're entertaining and they have the characters they can relate to. The watchrough rate is incredibly high [music] because kids will literally watch the same video 20 times in a row if they like it. The future of this niche is [music] rock solid because parents are always looking for safe educational content for their children [music] and YouTube shorts is becoming a major platform for kids entertainment. The audience [music] is massive, loyal, and grows every single day as more parents hand their devices to their kids. And with AI tools, generating children's bookstyle animations is now easier than ever. AI scriptwriting tools can help you create age appropriate stories with clear morals. AI voiceover tools can create narration and engaging kid-friendly tones. The content is evergreen, meaning a video you make today can keep getting views for years because the themes are timeless. And [music] now here's a niche that's been quietly dominating shorts for years, but still has massive room for growth. ASMR videos. ASMR used to be a weird corner of YouTube, but ASMR shorts are now one of the most reliable niches for consistent views and loyal audiences. Channels like this are creating short ASMR experiences that includes tapping, scratching, whispering, [music] satisfying sounds, and visual triggers that give viewers that tingling sensation or just help them relax. These shorts work because they provide instant stress relief and sensory satisfaction in under a minute. I don't watch this that much, but my girlfriend loves these. She literally uses ASMR videos as stress buster. [music] The channel creates strictly ASMR style content built around different concepts. [music] The focus is on giving comfort to eyes, ears, and other senses. Most videos get very high views, showing strong long-term potential if the creator [music] stays consistent. The channel has over 2.3 million subscribers. In the last [music] 30 days, it gained nearly 5 million views with estimated monthly earnings of $20,000, according to SocialBlade. The beauty of ASMR shorts is that they don't need any talking or complicated setups, just good audio and satisfying visuals. And on that part, AI can be a big help. It can plan content ideas using GPT, generate ASMR videos using Cling or VO3, and clean audio, and even help with editing and optimization. The content is evergreen and can be filmed in bulk. But remember, [music] if you neglect audio quality, your ASMR channel dies before it starts. And similarly, you need to be careful while making shorts in [music] the next niche as well because it is unique, but it is kind of tricky as it explains insightful sports tactics. If you get it [music] wrong or present like a newbie, your channel is doomed. Football tactics. Most people think football content is all about flashy goals and highlight reels, but there's a quiet corner of YouTube shorts where channels are raking in millions of views with simple tactical breakdowns. Channels like Tactical 90 are showing viewers the tactics behind the beautiful game, breaking down formations, player movements, [music] and strategic decisions in under 60 seconds. This channel creates football analysis content using match footage, [music] breaking down moments like Neymar's shooting technique, free kick execution, or why a messy goal stands out. In the last 30 days alone, it pulled 9.7 million views. According to SocialBlade, that translates to around $39,000 in monthly earnings with $79.8,000 subscribers. People don't just watch these for entertainment. They watch to understand why their favorite team won or lost, why a certain player is brilliant, or how a manager beat his opponent. It's educational content, but comes to you as sports entertainment. The scope here is massive because football is the world's most popular sport, and fans are getting smarter and more analytical every year. But you don't need to be a football expert or even film anything yourself. AI tools like Tactic AI, Sports Code with AI, Coach Paint AI, or Y Scout AI can now generate tactical diagrams, animated player movements, and even voiceovers that explain complex strategies in simple terms. You grab match footage that's already public, overlay your tactical analysis using animation software, add a clear voice over explaining the strategy, and you've got content that football fans will devour. The best part is that major matches happen every single week, giving you endless content ideas. One tactical breakdown can get you hundreds of thousands of views if you time it right after a big game. But here's something even easier that's blowing up right now. And you don't even need to understand sports to make it work. Roblox gameplay. I'll be honest, I used to think Roblox content was noise. [music] Then one evening, while I was half asleep on my bed, I clicked one short. That's why Roblox gameplay shorts are quietly becoming one of the most consistent viral niches on the platform. [music] Channels like Real Rosa are proof that simple Roblox gameplay can pull millions of views per video. The content, winning, losing, trash talk, and random vlog style gaming moments, [music] mostly simple screen recordings. Almost every short uploaded hits millions of views. Scrolling through the channel, there are hardly any videos with under 1 million views. In the last 30 days, the channel pulled around 174 million views. According to SocialBlade, [music] that equals nearly $700,000 in estimated monthly earnings with close to 6 million subscribers. But why does this work so well? First, Roblox has over 200 million active users, and a huge chunk of them are between 9 and 15 years old, the exact audience that lives on YouTube shorts. These kids don't just play Roblox. They watch hours of Roblox content every single day. They watch to discover new games, learn tricks, see funny moments, [music] and just enjoy the chaos that happens in multiplayer games. The future scope is enormous [music] because Roblox isn't slowing down. It's expanding into more age groups and becoming more sophisticated as a platform. Now, here's the creator opportunity that most people miss. You don't need expensive equipment or even need to be good at gaming. You play Roblox games, record funny moments, fails, wins, or trending challenges, then edit them down to the most engaging 30 to 60-second clips. [music] AI tools like Cap Cut or Filora are enough to add captions, sound effects, and even generate engaging titles and thumbnails. [music] The audience is massive, loyal, and constantly looking for new content. One viral short can bring you tens of thousands of subscribers overnight because kids will binge watch your entire channel if they like one video. ranking type. Actually, this content doesn't need logic. It just needs opinions. For example, I am a big fan of Messi, [music] but my best friend, he is all about Ronaldo and Real Madrid. Now, he kind of supports Alnasar, [music] and we always argue about who is the number one footballer. Now, think about it. If this keeps our conversation going 80% of the time, you can literally make YouTube shorts on this. Just imagine how engaging would that be. [music] You would put Messi in number one and Ronaldo in number two and some people would just start debate on it in the comments. They would share your shorts to bring more people in the debate. This channel, Polar Ranks, has figured out that people are absolutely obsessed with seeing things ranked, compared, [music] and organized. This channel posts ranking videos on almost anything you can imagine. slap moments, punching machine fails, martial arts fails, ankle breaks, skiing fails, scooter crashes, and more. [music] The content is simple, random, and highly watchable, with most videos crossing a million views. Because of this, the channel already has 587,000 subscribers. In [music] the last 30 days, it pulled 312 million views, earning an estimated $1.2 million. Just imagine becoming a millionaire by posting random, funny ranking clips. And the most surprising part is that this channel is only 2 years old. These videos get insane engagement because we love to agree, disagree, [music] and debate rankings. The comment section explodes with people arguing about why their favorite should be higher or lower. [music] That's pure gold for the algorithm. Because engagement means reach. But why will this niche blow up even more in 2026? Because ranking content never gets old. It just shifts to whatever's trending [music] at the moment. New movies, games, songs, products. There's always something new to rank. [music] And here's the money shot for creators. AI like ChatGpt can now generate entire ranking videos for you. You feed it a topic, it researches the information, [music] creates visuals, and even writes the script. You can use AI image generators to create comparison graphics, an AI voiceover tool like 11 Labs to narrate the rankings, and simple editing software to put it all together. You're not filming anything. You're not appearing on camera. You're just organizing information in an entertaining way. One ranking video about a trending topic can hit millions of views in a day. Now, if you want something even more specific and scientifically fascinating, pay attention to this one. Human anatomy, 3D animation. Most people think 3D body art or anatomy content is only for medical students, but these shorts are becoming wildly popular among general audiences. Channels like Body 3D [music] Art, started in April 2025, are using 3D animations to show how different body systems work, what happens during injuries, how surgeries are performed, [music] or just fascinating facts about human biology. It may look creepy at first, [music] but once you start watching, it becomes highly engaging because of the interesting facts it reveals. It is not very good-looking, but it delivers strong brain food. In just a few months, the channel has reached 117,000 subscribers. In the last 30 days, it gained 1.5 million views and earned around 6.1K. According to SocialBlade, people watch because it's personal. It's about them, their body, their health. Whether it's showing what happens when you crack your knuckles, how your immune system fights a virus, or what a heart attack looks like inside your body, the audience spans from teenagers curious about their changing bodies to adults wanting to understand their health conditions. But you need to be careful about one thing. Get the science right and present it [music] clearly. And you're building a channel that educates millions while growing consistently. [music] One viral anatomy video can position you as an educational authority, but if your facts are wrong, you lose all the trust in a minute. In that case, AI tools can help you research faster [music] and AI script writing tools can help you explain complex biology in simple terms. 3D animation tools and AI can help generate anatomical models and animations. AI voice over can give you clear, authoritative narration that makes the content feel professional. You're creating content that looks like it came from a medical documentary, [music] but you're doing it from your bedroom with AI tools. But I know it's easier said than done, particularly because this one niche is really out of the box. So, if you want a complete step-by-step tutorial on this niche, you can check this video. I've already made a full-length video on this explaining the entire process from start to end step by step with fine details. You will get the link in the description. But wait until you hear about the next niche because it combines entertainment with genuine chills. Horror and crime animated horror content has always been popular, but horror and crime animation shorts are creating a new category of addictive, binge-worthy content. For example, Horror Shorts Party Channel is pulling millions of views by animating true crime stories, creepy encounters, and horror tales in short, [music] punchy formats. The magic here is that animations allow you to tell disturbing stories without needing [music] real footage or actors. Some content is based on trending characters like Pennywise, Leatherface, or Nicocado Avocado. The goal is to creep viewers out in 60 seconds. [music] The channel has over 1.5 million subscribers and gained 5.6 million views [music] in the last 30 days. According to SocialBlade, its estimated monthly earnings are around $22,000. People watch these because humans are naturally drawn to fear in safe environments. Watching a scary animation from your bed gives you that adrenaline rush without real danger. [music] It's the same reason horror movies and true crime podcasts are massive. The future of this niche is bright, because true crime and horror content consistently perform across all platforms, [music] and the supply of stories is literally endless. Every day, there are new cases, urban [music] legends, paranormal encounters, and creepy experiences being shared online. For creators, this is where AI becomes your best friend. Tools like AI animation generators like Cling AI, VEO3, Sora 2 can create characters and scenes for you. AI script writing tools like Claude or Chat GPT can help structure your story for maximum tension. AI voiceover tools can deliver your narration with the perfect eerie tone. But here's one that combines education with visual satisfaction in a way that's absolutely magical. Before we move ahead, let me be very clear about one thing. Everything you are seeing in this video, you can do it yourself. That is why I'm explaining the full process openly. But I also know the reality. Not everyone has the time. Not everyone wants to deal with tools, prompts, testing, and mistakes. And not everyone wants to wait months just to understand what actually works. When I started, I thought doing everything alone was the only option. I watched tutorials. I tested ideas. I failed more times than I can count. What slowed me down was not knowledge, it was execution. That is why I created my done for you program. If you want, you can hire me and my team to create videos for you. We are already running 10 to 20 YouTube channels and AI Maskman is one of them. These are real channels, real uploads, real results. Instead of you figuring everything out, we handle the work for you. We help you choose the right niche. Set up your channel properly. Create videos in formats that are already proven and build a system that can scale over time. I have added a link below where you can book a free call with me. We will talk, understand your goal, and see if this makes sense for you. No pressure, no fake promises. Now, let's continue with the video. Geography and politics on a map. Geography and politics might sound boring, but when you combine them with animated maps, you get one of the most engaging educational niches on YouTube shorts. Channels like HGP World are proving that people are fascinated by seeing history, geography, and political changes play out on animated maps. [music] These shorts show things like how countries formed, how borders changed during wars, how empires rose and fell, or how modern political situations developed. The beauty of this content is that it takes complex topics and makes them understandable through engaging visuals. People watch because it satisfies curiosity and makes them feel smarter in just 60 seconds. [music] This channel has grown fast, crossing 113,000 subscribers in 2 years. Most videos reach millions of views. Last month, it gained 4.1 million views and earned [music] an estimated $16,000 according to SocialBlade. So, the future scope is incredible because global politics and history are constantly relevant. And with everything happening in the world right now, people want to understand the context behind the news. [music] But quickly, geography content also performs well across international audiences because everyone wants to learn about different parts [music] of the world. For creators, AI has made this niche accessible to everyone. You can use ChatgPT or Perplexity AI to research historical events and political situations. Map animation tools and software like Google Earth Studio, Flourish, Mapbox, [music] Kepler.gl, GL or ArcGIS story maps can create those satisfying animated timelines showing [music] borders changing and territories expanding. AI voiceover tools deliver clear, authoritative narration. You don't need to be a historian or political scientist. [music] You just need to present accurate information in an engaging visual format. Time it right with current events and you're educating millions while building authority in your niche. Now, let's talk about something that looks complex but is actually surprisingly simple to create. [music] Animated evolution of creature. Evolution animations might sound like something only scientists can make, but they're becoming one of the most satisfying niches to watch and create. You can take history AI as an example. This channel creates short videos showing evolution timelines under 60 [music] seconds. The focus is mainly on animal evolution, though it also covers countries, civilizations, and [music] historical timelines. Animal evolution performs the best and brings high views. Popular topics include the evolution of whales, horses, [music] pigs, and vultures. The videos do not need voiceovers. They rely on generated images, smooth transitions, and clear timelines. But remember, accuracy [music] matters, so facts must be correct. Despite being only 1 year old, [music] the channel has over 80,000 gained 1.3 million views [music] and an estimated $5.2,000 $2,000 in monthly earnings. According to SocialBlade, these videos are interesting because [music] they compress long timelines into 60-second visual journeys. It's educational, visually satisfying, and perfect for the short form format. The scope for this niche is enormous [music] because literally everything has an evolution story. And again, AI is your superpower here. AI image generators [music] can create different stages of evolution. Animation tools can create smooth transitions between stages. and AI research tools [music] can help you gather accurate information about evolutionary timelines. The visual progression of how one thing changes to another and finally comes to the current state [music] is what keeps viewers hooked from start to finish. And finally, here's something completely different [music] that's adorable, absurd, and absolutely everywhere right now. AI cat videos. AI generated content gets a lot of hate, but AIAT video shorts are proving that when done right, artificial content can be just as engaging as the real [music] thing. I never had any idea that even this could be any niche. Moreover, a profitable niche. But very recently, I have worked with a big AI brand and their executive introduced me to [music] this. They even showed me proof that how well this niche works on YouTube. And that's why they also designed their AI tool in a way so the creators could create AI cat content easily, and they were right. This channel is creating stories featuring AI generated cats in various scenarios, adventures, emotional moments, and funny situations. [music] These aren't real cats. They're completely AI created, but viewers don't care because the content is entertaining and emotionally engaging. [music] Each video is under 60 seconds and features a cat doing humanlike actions. The content focuses on being cute and fun. The channel launched on March 23rd, [music] 2025, and in 9 months, it gained over 1.65 million subscribers. In the last 30 days, it recorded [music] $6.5 million views and an estimated $26,000 in monthly earnings, according to SocialBlade. But why do people watch AI cat videos? [music] Because cats are the internet's favorite animal. Researchers say cats switch on your happy hormones, making you feel less stressed. And AI allows creators to put cats in scenarios [music] that would be impossible or unethical with real animals. You can show cats going on adventures, [music] having conversations, experiencing humanlike emotions, or just being placed in absurd situations. The cuteness factor combined with creative storytelling makes these incredibly sharable. AI image and video generation is also getting better every single month, and audiences are becoming more accepting of AI content when it's entertaining. For creators, this is the ultimate low barrier niche. You use AI image generators to create your cat characters and scenes. AI animation tools to add movement. AI voice over for narration or dialogue. [music] No research is needed. Even the cost is minimal, often free with the right tools. [music] The time investment is low once you learn the workflow. It's kind of hitting the jackpot. But let me give you one pro tip. If you're serious about YouTube shorts, the [music] biggest mistake is not the niche, it's confusion. If your goal is fast virality, niches like kids stories, AI cats, Roblox, and ASMR give quick momentum. If you want long-term authority and stable growth, human anatomy, 3D evolution, and geography maps are smarter bets. However, never try everything at once. Pick one niche, publish at least [music] 30 shorts, and judge results only after that. In shorts, retention beats niche, [music] and consistency beats perfection every single time. Now, the real question is, [music] which niche are you going to commit to and why? Comment below the one niche you want a complete step-by-step tutorial on. And if [music] this video helped you think clearly, like, subscribe, and stay consistent.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TeamMSHLAPS [4 likes]: Out of 100 one of the top prompt


Act as a YouTube Shorts expert.
Your task is to write a 30-second Shorts script
about [TOPIC].
Structure:
• Hook (first 3 seconds)
• Main point
• Clear CTA
Output format:
Time-based script.
  2. @Furmosphere [4 likes]: Socialblade's rpm is for long form vids
  3. @NighttimeLoop [2 likes]: Socialblade's rpm is for long form
  4. @369BeyondTheMind [2 likes]: 💎.
  5. @Thebest5-o7v [2 likes]: bro when will the video come?😭
  6. @Rankrateshorts [1 likes]: Small Youtuber gather Here ❤️
  7. @Fisherwhom [1 likes]: Excellent!  Great ideas.
  8. @PetRescueVideos: I don't think ranking's get monetized these times - It's extremely easy tho
  9. @Mind_Alch3my: Nice ❤
  10. @JosephAIWorld: Phân tích chi tiết về các ngách YouTube Shorts cho năm 2026 này cực kỳ sâu sắc và dễ hiểu 👏📊. Tôi rất thích cách bạn giải thích lý do tại sao mỗi ngách lại hiệu quả bằng các ví dụ thực tế, chứ không chỉ là ý tưởng 💡. Sự kết hợp giữa AI, sự sáng tạo và chiến lược rất chuẩn xác 🤖✨. Chắc chắn là nguồn cảm hứng—tôi đã đăng ký và rất mong chờ những video tiếp theo 🚀🙌
  11. @SBIPAGANDHINAGAR: Best AI video generator app?? Please
  12. @WhisperingMidnightTales0527: “Hello bro, can you teach how to make videos like Emma Daily English? How are videos made in that style? Please make a video on this topic.
  13. @pulsestoriesreal: ranking videos are slowly being taken down because they do not add any value.....evade it if possibe
  14. @TheMemesDailyReal: Bro, shout out please
  15. @TheOtherTakereal: Hi, guys. I want to start a channel with clips of movies and shows in spanish, heavilly edited, but without commentary. I'm really scared of getting striked, or not being able to monetize it.
i would appreciate your honest advice for this situation in 2026, thanks
  16. @baiking2: Nice , this is  perfect idea for my journey
  17. @TierArea: Good luck to everyone!
Btw. I started new channel yesterday so we will se results.
  18. @Rankmosis: thanks
  19. @AgofurePrincess-w6x: The skool link doesn't open anytime I click it , it always says skool. Under maintenance
  20. @vyrlo356: Bro socialblade is not real

- How to Get 1,000 Subscribers, FAST: Kind: captions Language: en I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1,000 subscribers in under 30 days but the craziest part is that only 30 days later it's at 7,000 subscribers and Counting most YouTubers say you need to spend 1 to 2 years making videos before you see any growth and this may have been the case in 2018 when they first started but in 2024 there is a new type of Channel like this this and this getting hundreds of thousands of subscribers in just a few months and they all follow a step-by-step strategy that I'm about to share with you completely for free so that you can apply apply it to your channel and have your next video look like this because when you know how big YouTubers guarantee their videos go viral you'll be able to consistently get 10,000 plus views on every video and grow to 1,000 subscribers in the next 30 days all without having years of experience genius IQ or money to invest so to get your first 1,000 subscribers you need around 25,000 views and most of all YouTubers are averaging 100 to 1,000 views per video this means that it will take you 25 to 250 videos to hit your first 1,000 subscribers so the fact fastest way to get 1,000 Subs fast is simply increase the average views per video and there's a genius strategy that the big YouTubers use to do this to guarantee their videos go viral and you can use the same strategy on your small Channel but they normally keep it behind a pay wall in private WhatsApp groups or among their close friends and I know that because I've been in those rooms and I've seen those conversations so it's no wonder that they keep growing bigger while you're still waking up with no new subscribers and I've used the same strategy on my channel to average 15,000 views per video meaning that I only need to post twice to get 1,000 subscribers so once you understand this strategy you'll be able to beat the algorithm by only making proven videos just like AR act did with this one just like Mr Beast did with this one and just like Jack Gordon did with this one it all comes down to three simple steps first I want you to go to the YouTube homepage click on the search bar and type in a keyword let's use Mr Beast video train versus giant pit as an example his idea has the base keywords train and giant pit so if we sort by train and then look up The View count we see this video video pop up it got 163 million views in only 2 years but if we put the Mr Beast video right next to it we'll see some similarities now let's look up the keyword dirt bike the first image that we see looks like this which is suspiciously similar to this video done by AR lastly if we search up the keyword bicycle we can match it to this video by Jack Gordon I'm telling you all of the big YouTubers do this and if you apply this to your own videos you will never see a 10 out of 10 again because when you know how to find proven videos you'll be able to model them and consistently go viral and this will increase your average views per video so that you can hit 1,000 subscribers in the next 30 days but to do this successfully you need to remember that most people try to model what works but if that was the right way to do it then everyone would be going viral I spent my first 2 years creating content that was modeled after other big YouTubers only to see results like this every morning but now that I've grown hundreds of thousands of subscribers across multiple channels I realize where most people go wrong the key here is to steal like an artist copy and paste thumbnails never work so what you want to do is change at least two things about each thumbnail first off you want to recreate it using better colors because most of these thumbnails are pretty bland next you want to add at least two elements that weren't there before maybe that could be an arrow bringing attention to the center point of the thumbnail adding your head shot to make it custom to you or adding some sort of text that gives context or curiosity about what's in the video but if you really want the viewer to watch there's about a 5-second window after they click whether they decide to leave the video or stay till the end and I figured out a proven way to make sure they stick around it all comes down to confirmation bias if a viewer makes the decision to click on your thumbnail they want to feel like they've made the right choice so your job is to give that to them on a silver platter let's take a look at the channel Preston goes his title and thumbnail for this video were modeled off of this video using the same strategy we just went over but he takes it one step farther you can see that when we click into his video he uses the exact same image as he used for the thumbnail doing this gives the viewer immediate satisfaction and gets them past the dreaded 5-second Mark but once your viewer has has stayed past the 5-second mark you need to keep them for the rest of the video because they could click off at any time therefore we need to write a script that will trap the viewer into watching your video so that you can take your retention graphs from this to this and I've put together a three-step process to make sure viewers stick around and if you're still here right now I guess it works the first step is writing a perfect intro look at this graph the biggest drop off is in the first 30 seconds and I guarantee if you look at your videos you will also notice the same thing after that the line goes down slowly as viewers leave throughout the video but it's not that bad so the lower we can make this drop in the beginning the higher we can start that line at and increase our AP by 10 to 20% and that 10% could be the difference between your video blowing up or never seeing the YouTube homepage to do this I'm about to give you a proven intro framework by Colin and Samir and this exact framework is the same reason why you're here listening to me speak because it targets the specific dopamine pockets in the brain that make viewers stick around the first line in your intro should always immediately confirm to The View viewer that this is the video they clicked on and the packaging is not clickbait plus there needs to be social proof for example the first line in this video was I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1,000 subscribers in under 30 days this repeats the idea that this is a video about growing on YouTube fast it also has a smidge of social proof because I'm showing I actually did it the next is introduce new narratives and unclosed Loops you want to convey this in a simple manner visually to be easily understood we do this by opening Loops in the viewer's mind and open loop Loop is essentially a question that hasn't been answered yet so in this video I said this but in 2024 there is a new type of Channel like this this and this getting hundreds of thousands of subscribers in just a few months I didn't actually ask a question but now the viewer is wondering what makes these channels different from M and if you pay close attention I didn't actually answer that until later in the video this infiltrates into the viewer's subconscious mind because they crave to have their questions answered because when that happens they get a big hit of dopamine and if it doesn't happen they're left with a feeling of in completeness now the third line that I'm about to show you will submit the pattern of the video into their brain so you have to set the right expectation for the pacing tone and style 99% of YouTubers think that you need to have a fast video in fact I blew up Joel kaplan's YouTube channel from 6,000 to 24,000 subscribers making videos like this it simply comes down to creating the right expectation if you tell the viewer that the rest of the video is going to be slow and then you give them the reasons behind it your avd is going to be way higher than if you said nothing because if a viewer just HPS onto a slow video that they weren't expecting to be slow they're going to leave for example with Joel's videos we always say this sit back relax and let's dive in now the viewer expects a slower more valuable video alternatively if you have faster videos like me then you could say something like in the next 10 minutes I'm going to show you exactly how to start a YouTube channel from scratch implying you have a faster video and the last thing that you need to write a perfect intro is establishing your Singularity I do this with social proof or simply restating my mission to take 1,000 YouTubers to over 100,000 subscribers completely for free in fact I even have a free YouTube course coming out on January 1st that's better than most YouTubers paid stuff so subscribe to see that now that we have a perfect intro we need to make sure the body of the video is structured properly I'm not here to waste your time so here's a screen recording of my current framework that I'm using to write this video feel free to copy it word for word the key thing here is having both payoffs and open Loops in your video open Loops raise the questions and payoffs answer them because like I said the viewer gets a big hit of dopamine each time a loop is closed so you want to close at least four to five Loops in each video so that the viewer stays satisfied the final part of our script is the CTA or call to action which simply means telling the viewer what to do next my call to action is always just watch the next video on my channel and I recently found a framework by George Blackman Ali abdall script writer that has taken my Inc screen clickthrough rate from this to this that means that for every 100,000 views on my channel I'm getting an extra 8,000 by changing just one thing and trust me these these little changes make all of the difference in your YouTube growth the framework looks like this link curiosity Gap and CTA promise linking would be connecting your CTA to the end of your video The Curiosity Gap would be opening a loop in the viewers mind that they want answered the CTA promise would be telling the viewer what to do and why doing that thing will close the loop in their head it's actually genius it's gotten me tens of thousands of views for free and altogether it looks something like this so now that you know how to both make a viewer click and stay on your video you need to learn how to come up with ideas that are actually worthy of going viral and there's an ideation strategy that I've been doing recently that's had a huge impact on my channel so check out this video where I show you what it is and how you can use it to guarantee your next video goes viral thank you and have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @amplifyviews [20 likes]: Work with me 👉 https://go.amplifyaccelerator.com/67633d29
  2. @StarPlayz-17 [2 likes]: if you have a channel like the comment plz
  3. @Ferrorplayz [1 likes]: Small channels gather here
👇
  4. @Random_Clips_Central23 [1 likes]: MAKE THIS COMMENT VIRAL!!
  5. @Jasper-rivals: Never give up
  6. @DoubleDaTrouble-IKR: the person who's reading this, I pray you get really successful <3
  7. @DoubleDaTrouble-IKR: I hope everyone reading this hits 1k subs
  8. @StarPlayz-17: ok for every like i get in may to augest i will slap myself or climb i mm of a mountin
  9. @Heidiserena: thank you for the advice
  10. @gohan9657: Waiting follow to gain 1
  11. @gohan9657: Need followers 318
  12. @XFSDD: Why are you telling to steal other people’s thumbnails? But just change a little bit huh. Maybe it can make you go viral but that’s no excuse
  13. @DhammaForALifetime: I'm small YouTuber 😢
  14. @youtubeeditedclips: Small channels, let’s keep at it!
  15. @Orblyzcontentstudio: I'm a small YouTuber and still fighting ✊
  16. @Kingyamalontop: bruh not work i have 12 views
  17. @TradingwithDMoney: I will try this.
  18. @CodeMonicaOGYN: small niche creator here
  19. @Pvblox: Subscribe toe = 1 pushup
  20. @BennytheBabyTitanSpeakerman: Another Laptop one! Seriously? 😒

- How to Get More YouTube Subscribers Without Wasting Your Time: Kind: captions Language: en Waking up to zero new subscribers every single day sucks, right? But give me 2 minutes. Yeah, that's the same 2 minutes it takes to burn your toast and I'll show you how to double your subscribers without bribing people with iPhones. Here's a problem. Most creators ask for the subscribe way too early. We're barely 5 seconds into the video and all you've shown me so far is a visual intro that belongs in 2008 and you're already asking to subscribe. That is a YouTube equivalent of a marriage proposal in the frozen aisle of Walmart. >> Will you marry me? >> Yeah, it's pretty awkward that. Now, the fix is stupidly simple. You can by all means ask people to subscribe, but first give them a reason to care. As an example, in this video with around about 100,000 views, we didn't ask people to subscribe and we got 930 subscribers. But in this video with a similar number of views, we asked people to subscribe towards the end of the video and that literally doubled the amount of people who subscribed to the channel. And the crazy thing is by that point in a video only 35% of those 100,000 viewers were still watching. But they were highly engaged by that point. So they were much more likely to execute on that call to action. So when it comes to your YouTube videos, think of your first 15 seconds of it as your first date. You don't whip out an engagement ring before the starter even arrives. Instead, in the first 15 seconds, you show off the best of who you are and how important that date or in this case the viewer is to you. Only then, after a little bit of creator viewer flirtation, do you say, "Want to see me again?" So then if you did find this advice useful in less than two minutes, I might add, under promise overd deliver, then now's the time to subscribe or watch this where you'll learn to do something far more useful to your viewers and far more valuable to Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rafiq_001 [1 likes]: the vidIQ Team is Best Servicer for All YouTubers in the World iam very happy to have you dear teachers ....
  2. @realhilights4051 [1 likes]: New subscribers please
  3. @ClarandNemo: Could someone help me ?
  4. @KAIDOXYGD: New subs plz
  5. @KetaTrades: To be honest if we follow one another we can all become monetized ❤❤
  6. @Mimi_Vizzi: Rob for your business, you are using fake and false data information to the public. I struck with 87 subscribes till now
  7. @Mimi_Vizzi: This vid iq is a big fraud app .I didnt get  any subscribers. You people loot the public by telling false information guys
  8. @gamermachine4090: I have Just Started A Channel Only Got 4 Subscribers So Far
  9. @DigitlineGD: Good video! Honestly, I’ve been struggling to grow, so I really hope this helps… definitely going to try this🙏
  10. @Take1unoo: Im growing everyday almost at 50 subscribers n i only been here 4 a month
  11. @pood9: Hey hit me up
  12. @HorizonProductReviews: My new channel
  13. @MDM-MartinDroneMan: Thanks this seems much more realistic , lets face it who'd ask your dream women to marry in the frozen Isle 🙂
  14. @bloodyf3ar: i started and stoped many times mostly cause of no subs no views hatefull commets ect will give it a last shot
  15. @NostalgicNightSounds: Trying to build an audience on my new channel, good luck to all of you 🥳
  16. @DaveTheRobloxDev: Leaving a comment here if anyone wanna sub.
  17. @WalkingOurHistory: I have 41 subscribers and was excited to get there as an older gal.
  18. @EpicGameFilm: Yeah its tough out there im on my second channel a make games into film clips so you can watch the story without the game.  But it's hard getting subs so I feel everyone's pain.  Maybe I should put feet picks in at tje start 😅😅😅
  19. @meribagiya-y7m: But how
  20. @CASHOUT-x7n: Wow