- FROM FAILURE TO SUCCESS - Most Incredible Story - Rich Roll: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] most people to echo the words of henry david thoreau are leading lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them and I find that tragic and so if there's anything that my work is about it's about helping people become cognizant of that and to take action so that they don't become that person leading a life of quiet desperation which I think a lot of people are and and I found that heartbreaking you know what's your major malfunction right now what's the thing that keeps you up at night who do you resent the most what are you afraid of what do you want to achieve what's an what's an what do you think is in your way I'm not here to tell you what to do or how to live your life but I believe in your greatest expression and I'm gonna hold space for you I was a daily drinker I was drinking vodka tonics in the shower in the morning and hiding drinks throughout the day and you know ending up in blackouts and and I burned every Bridge that I had I was virtually unemployable at the end I was sleeping on a bare mattress and a crappy apartment with no furniture in it my options were had been eliminated my life was eviscerated my family didn't want anything to do with me I'd lost my friendships I had no way forward and I just continued to dig that hole deeper and deeper and deeper when I was 39 years old on the cusp of turning 40 I was 50 pounds overweight I had been an athlete in college but that was very much in my rearview mirror to junk food addicts it's not taking care of myself physically mentally or emotionally and I had a health scare shortly before my 40th birthday I decided to change didn't happen over on the one hand I love pain I love trying to push the outer edges of the envelope of what the pain experience is in a physical sense and it's also been my greatest teacher in terms of things that I've accomplished but also my errant ways as well pain is truly the only thing that's ever gotten me to change so it's been my growth accelerator as well as my reminder of when I've gone astray I mean I was a very awkward insecure kid who had a lot of difficulty making friends and and figuring out what the rules for her life were and I was also somebody who is not athletically inclined at all I was the kid with the eye patch and the headgear picked last for kickball and all of that but the one thing that I was actually fairly okay at was swimming and when you're good at something when you're a kid and you're having difficulty in other areas that's what you're going to gravitate towards and and that's what I did and I learned quickly that I was not the most talented swimmer but in my early teens I realized that if I was willing to put in the work and do certain things that other people weren't willing to do that I could bridge that talent gap and pick up a lot of white space and that meant getting comfortable with pain to bring it back to your question so throughout my teens I would I would routinely throw down crazy sets in the pool that no one was willing to do and I was doing it because I knew I wasn't the most talented and if I wanted to compete at the highest level that's what would be required how did you go in school you're being bullied at one point you see this opportunity to get better what do you start telling yourself or doing to be able to make Payne your friend to push past it so that you could begin to you know beat other people at something it's almost like a deep meditative state and it's a very one you know one-to-one relationship between the pain that you're willing to suffer and the progress that you're going to make and I saw swimming as my way forward in my way out and so what that meant was the more that I was willing to suffer and the more likely it would be that I was going to create a positive trajectory out of this painful scenario that I found myself in I would have a vision board where I'd literally write those times out in very large block letters with a magic marker and put them above my bed or on my mirror in my bathroom and constantly reminding myself and reinforcing myself about why I was doing what I was doing so I don't know that I would have called it a vision board at that time it was more of a practice of engaging in in in aspiration like I had pictures of all my heroes and all of that and I think intuitively I was looking towards a better life for myself I was somebody who who by the time I was 18 years old was an individual had a lot of promise and there was a lot of people very invested in my future I was graduating I graduated top of my class in high school I got into all the colleges I applied to all the Ivy League's I was a top-ranked swimmer competing at the very highest level world rank the whole deal and so my future looked very bright and then alcohol got introduced to my life and it was a very progressive decline in my aspirations and at the very end I was a hiding drinks throughout the day and you know ending up in blackouts and more than you know my fair share of incomprehensible you know demoralizing situations and I burned every Bridge that I had I was virtually unemployable at the end I was sleeping on a bare mattress and a crappy apartment with no furniture in it my options were I had been eliminated my life was eviscerated my family didn't want anything to do with me I've lost my friendships I had no way forward and I just continued to dig that hole deeper and deeper and deeper until one day I had that moment that you hear with people who are in recovery that that moment of clarity where I realized I just couldn't live this way any longer my elevator had you know gone down to the bottom floor and and the and and I met my pain threshold you know back to the this thesis around pain like I had reached a point where I could no longer tolerate the pain of my current situation and the fear the pain associated with the fear of change was eclipsed by the pain that I was feeling in that moment and that's what motivated me to change I went to a treatment center where I lived for a hundred days which is pretty long time to be in a rehab center and I did that because I knew if I didn't get this right that my life was done you know and so I took that opportunity seriously I recognized that despite the fact that I think I'm a smart guy my best thinking had me literally institutionalized and that if I couldn't get a grasp on how to live and develop some new skills and and a new toolbox for how to approach my life that that I was going to end up in jail or I was gonna kill somebody else or myself I think for me it's really anchored in awareness and presence you know on that staircase I was able to really understand that I was having an important moment in my life and the reason I was able to recognize that was because I had that moment so many years prior when I decided to get sober it was a very specific moment in time where I made a decision and that decision set in motion a series of events that changed my life so completely that I couldn't imagine my life had I not made that decision and I was able to see and understand and recognize that once again I was being visited by just such an opportunity it was something that I could feel inside of me and and I think it's because I'd learned to be present to be aware of myself and my environment and one thing I always talk about is the fact that you know I'm not anything special with this I think we're all visited with moments like this in our life that if we can develop that the wherewithal to have the awareness around the circumstances surrounding whatever event it is that you can leverage that crack you know in the door to make some significant changes and I'm somebody who and I've heard you talk about this before I'm somebody who when I make a decision like that's it you know I can I can step over that line or walk through that door and not look back like I can be determined focused enough and diligence enough and dedicated enough to leverage those moments when I make that decision to really make significant changes that that's stick and stand the test of time I mean for me I try to keep it as simple as possible it's about making a decision when I make a decision that decision is done I've done it with diet I've done it with Fitness I've done it with my profession and the more simple I can make it then the easier it is to adhere you know we're so conditioned tom to avoid pain every message that we see every billboard we see every advertisement that we're exposed to is telling us that happiness can be can be purchased through comfort through luxury through ease and that's sort of implicit in that is that that's how we find happiness and I can tell you that I'm happiest and most alive when I'm butting up against the outer edges of my pain threshold and I'm not afraid of it and so when I start to feel that sensation rather than shirk away from it I realize that's an opportunity to experience a heightened sense of myself and my environment to to really be in a position where everything else falls away and it's just you and your ability to take one step forward there's a purity to that that again is another great teacher and so in terms of techniques I've just learned through experience that just like David Goggin says when the signals that you're receiving are telling you to stop that you don't necessarily have to pay attention to that that that you are capable of so much more if you can develop the acuity the presence of mind and the wherewithal to then take that next step and when you're on the other side of it to realize you're still okay and you can take another step and a whole your horizon extends and you realize that there's a whole world of potential and possibility available to you that you weren't previously aware of no it definitely didn't have a corporate lawyer for many years I was the corporate lawyer during a period of time that I wrote that book and the book was successful and yet in the wake of that book being published and doing well the phone didn't ring and I had let my bar bar membership lapse and here I was you know ready and available to speak to the world and and be of service and the opportunities just weren't flowing it was a very difficult time and it it tested me to my core I mean we almost lost our house I had cars repossessed we could their bills it was very emasculating but I think the the alchemy of going through that has been something that now allows me to speak from a place of greater truth and so I'm grateful for the experience the part that really hit me was when you said that you guys can't even pay for your trash taken away and they could that's when I realized okay wait this wasn't like Oh things were tight this was like we can't pay $60 for our garbage to be picked up it was the worst he's so embarrassing mosz so incredibly emasculating yeah we went through periods where we literally barely had enough money to put food on the table and we couldn't take a harsh we couldn't pay to have our our trash removed and they did they came and they took the bins and then we were compelled to then put our trash in the back of our crappy beat-up minivan and find an empty dumpster to do to dump the to dump the garbage it was it was not easy so I for kids and it's something that was very challenging as a parent and again I keep using the word emasculating as somebody who who you know is supposed to be the head of household and and take care of these sorts of things to be unable to do that was incredibly difficult I worked my ass off and exploited every opportunity that presented itself I did a ton of speaking gigs for free I did anything that was asked of me anyone who would want to talk to me but it was really just a function of showing up working my ass off saying yes and having a strong core belief that I was on the right path I was somebody who who for as long as I could remember was pursuing the traditional notion of the American Dream get into the best college study hard get into the best grad school get the best job show up early stay late partnership track all of that right but that I'd never really stopped to think what is important to me like Who am I am like what am I here to express and they didn't have answers for those questions all I knew was that I felt like I was living someone else's life and so my exploration in sobriety and ultimately then in ultra endurance sports was really my personal method of trying to resolve these issues for myself to try to learn Who I am you know one thing you talk about all the time is goals setting goals and being very clear about what those goals are I think that that most people set the wrong goals for themselves and it's because they're disconnected from who they are they are living someone else's life or they're living a life that's so disconnected from who they are it becomes very difficult to set the right goal so I think in order to reconcile that you have to look inward you know and that can be different for everybody that can mean a consistent meditation practice that can mean therapy that can mean you know starting to do yoga it can mean many many things but I think there's no end run around the very difficult long process of really trying to be honest with yourself about who you are what's important to you what you care about and then beginning to breathe life into those things as frivolous as they may seem to bring expression to the things that that you do care about that that that get you excited in the morning and that doesn't mean you quit your job tomorrow but the more you can foster something that has personal importance to you I think that's the first step in trying to move past whatever it is that's holding you back whether it's professionally or personally to being a more integrated authentic version of yourself we're all spiritual beings having a human experience and I don't mean that in any specific dogmatic sense certainly not in any specific religious sense but I do what I do mean by that is that there's more to this experience of being human than meets the eye there's more to it than we can possibly comprehend and I think there are energies available to us if we open our perspective and become more curious about the world then I think we're programmed to be so for me that doesn't I don't define that by any particular specific spiritual approach other than that it provides my experience as a human being with a little bit more awe and wonder than I used to have you know as somebody who as I explained earlier as a young person I did the math and I realized if I outwork everybody in the pool I can be as good as anyone else if I outwork everyone in the classroom I can graduate at the top of my class and get into Stanford and Harvard and so my worldview was informed through the prism of those experiences which taught me self-reliance is everything don't don't expect anybody to do anything for you I'm the only one who can get it done and if you just buckle down and go the extra mile you will solve the problem and you will make your way in the world every success that I had had in my life was a result of myself well why won't my self well solve this problem and that hole got deeper and deeper and deeper until I was a completely broken human being and I had to raise my hand and ask for help for the first time and that forced me to start to think about letting go and surrender in a new way and I've come to believe and understand that surrender is a very powerful courageous thing to do it's okay to say you don't know it's okay to ask for help I had to let go of this operating system and step into a sense that perhaps there's a better way a greater way that involves me saying I can't control this which was terrifying for me but it is in that process that I allowed people to help me that I became open to a new way of approaching my life that has made me stronger more powerful more capable and more successful than I ever thought that I ever would be it goes back to what I was saying before about people picking the wrong goals for themselves because they're not integrated they don't know what their values are they're not clear on what's important to them they're not really in contact with their internal muse you know one of the examples I always give is this idea that we all have some unique song here to sing on planet earth like I believe that and that doesn't mean that everybody can be liberal and James or that you have some insane talent but I believe that there is a unique blueprint to every individual and our job here you know in our short time on this planet is to discover what that is and to work towards expressing that to the best of your ability you know we all have a unique song and I think most people to echo the words of Henry David Thoreau are leading lives of quiet that that my work is about it's about helping people become cognizant of that and to take action so that they don't become that person leading a life of quiet desperation which I think I don't know I wouldn't want to say most people but a lot of people are and and I found out heartbreaking if you're if you're eating garbage food if you're eating fast food and you're not sleeping and you're you know drinking five cups of coffee a day or whatever it is you're doing and you're stressed out about your job and you're just living moment to moment to get through the day do you think that you're gonna be in touch with whatever is really important to you you're just trying to like you know hit the pillow at night and pay the bills and that's most people and if you give people a minute to pause and reflect and you can clear all of that out and feed them healthy food and a good night's rest and ask them questions that most people aren't asking them and they're certainly not asking them themselves I think that's the process that begins our sets in motion the the gears in the mind and in the emotional body to begin to bring all of that to the surface you know what's your major malfunction right now what's the thing that keeps you up at night who do you resent the most what are you afraid of what do you want to achieve what's in what's in what do you think is in your way you know I think just by asking people questions and and and and then holding a vision for that better life for them to say I believe in you I'm not here to tell you what to do or how to live your life but I believe in your greatest expression and I'm going to hold space for you to give people permission to be honest to be vulnerable we're so afraid of being vulnerable we're terrified of being honest we're so used to being judged and being held to a standard that society sets for us that we don't give ourselves permission to even ask these questions let alone answer them I would like to move the needle in a substantial and long-lasting way for as many people as possible with respect to not only how they think about and practice habits around food and fitness and lifestyle but to really catalyze people to understand that like I said earlier all of us every single one of us is capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to believe and I know that's a theme on your show David Goggins talked about it James Lawrence talked about it these are friends of mine who have touched the outer realms of endurance and ultra endurance teaches you that it's easy to say I'm an outlier but I'm not I really am NOT anything special I had the courage and the audacity to pursue these things and in so doing I have realized that human potential is malleable we're all sitting in top massive reservoirs of untapped potential and ability and my dream and my goal and everything that I do is oriented around getting people to not only understand that but connect with that and begin to practice that to manifest that in their own specific way

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheComebackStories01 [2 likes]: There is still hope for the hopeless. Thanks for sharing this
  2. @steveb9525: So glad I finally figured out to search for "motivation" on YouTube.  Been working hard on myself for 7 months, yet there are some big changes and improvements I want in my life.  Rich did it.  I can do it.
  3. @AbrookGuy: Im Only young but, I'm different minds of my family. I want to break our Poor mindset, Poor Life to become one of wealthiest family ❤
  4. @SecondDateUpdate-c1g: Wow
  5. @brankoruzic3647: It is such a shame what this beautiful video I used to watch all the time became - a stupid commercial hub every 2 minutes.
  6. @GilbertoKuhl-q6r: Really liked the structure of this video.
  7. @ErnaManly: Straight to the point, well done.
  8. @MikeLewsader: Helpful content, thank you.
  9. @TwoNo-n9p: Very impressive work here.
  10. @FuntaDonta: Really appreciate the way you explained this.
  11. @user-cc5qn4ld3o: Very helpful step by step guide.
  12. @fhchhxfhchhxj: This was really well done.
  13. @WashingtonSharon: Very well executed video.
  14. @Gija-g7k: So well explained, thank you.
  15. @RosarioMestro: The explanation was simple and effective.
  16. @TandyTyson: I learned a lot from this.
  17. @HermanJ.McCallister: A very informative video.
  18. @RahmaDharmawan: This was explained really well.
  19. @seanvweber: I got exactly what I needed here.
  20. @SurendraOraon-n7r: This was informative and useful.

- RICH VS POOR MINDSET | An Eye Opening Interview with Robert Kiyosaki: Kind: captions Language: en The most obsolete idea is go to school, get a job, work hard, save money, get out of debt and invest for the long-term in the stock market See, why would you save money when they're printing trillions of dollars? The gap between the 1% and 99% is massive. You see it's not just money, you have to step back and look at the bigger picture. So what do you do? In every one of us there's a poor person, there's still a poor person inside me. There's also a middle-class person and the middle-class person wants security they want that steady paycheck. And there's a rich person And they're all inside of us except that... It's not taught. It's- you're taught to go to school, get a job and get a paycheck. Not taught how to get rich. If you've read Rich Dad Poor Dad, my rich dad refused to pay me. He said the paycheck was one of the most damaging things you can take in your life. He says the moment you take a paycheck you're an employee and that's the mindset. So my rich dad never paid me. It drove my poor dad, you know, a government employee nuts. "You got to pay people, you got to pay people" And rich dad was not saying that the paycheck was bad, he says he didn't want to be a slave to money. So as an entrepreneur, you know, if rich dad folded I just try another company. I don't need a paycheck. I don't need anybody to take care of me. If my government doesn't like me I move to another country because they need entrepreneurs there. So the entrepreneur is not so much the business, the entrepreneur is really the mindset and the skill sets and the different set of rules. You see, I don't operate small business does not not operate in the same rules as big business. Entrepreneur is a mindset first, a skill set and rules. And depending upon whether you're an employee or small business the rules are different, the mindsets are different, the skill sets are different. If you could say one thing to somebody whose never been an entrepreneur and they're thinking about making the leap of faith into becoming an entrepreneur, what could you tell them? Well, I'll just tell them the same thing that happened to me. You know, my last paycheck, I still remember it clearly it was one of the worst and the best days of my life and I was in Puerto Rico, I was in, I was working for Xerox and my boss gave me my last, it wasn't a paycheck it was a bonus check I think it was about 30,000 bucks taxable, that's the only problem with that. So I get this check and I went, "Holly mackerel." You know, I mean, so I was excited but I was also disturbed. And so this other guy comes up to me, his name was John and John says to me says to me this, "you're going to be back." I said "Why?" he says, "because you're going to fail." I looked at him and I said, "look... few expletive words Because that's what he did, he left Xerox, failed and he came back. I said, "look... You fail and you came back but I'm going to fail and I'm never coming back." and that's the attitude. - Do you know what I mean, - yeah If you say, "Well, if I fail I'll go back to mommy and daddy" then that's what you'll do. So if you fail, that's when I became an entrepreneur because I had no money. I had no money for years Yeah, I didn't have a paycheck But that's what my rich dad encouraged me to do. He says when, when you don't have this paycheck you get hungrier, smarter and it's a test of your character will you become a crook? Will you become dishonest? Will you cheat and steal? Or will you become a better human being? So really that's the benefit of becoming an entrepreneur you really find out who you are when you don't have anything. So you always have to look at the big picture. Too many people look at, "well, what's, what's going to happen to me?" When you look at the big picture, you're also going to know that when something bad happens something good is going to happen. But you gotta prepare for whatever is coming If you think the next 20 years will be like the last 20 years you're going to get creamed. You know, when you and I go to the supermarket and we buy a carton of milk We always check for the expiration date. But most people do not check for the expiration date on their brains Instead of getting out of debt I get into debt. I just refinanced 300 million in debt I went from 5% to 2.5% interest I made a fortune. Every month more money comes in because my cost of money has gone down. So while some financial experts are saying get out of debt, I'm saying learn how to use debt. See when I came back from serving in Vietnam in January of 73 and the first thing my rich dad said to me was, "Go to school to learn how to invest in real estate." It wasn't real estate, it was how to use debt and taxes debt and taxes make the rich richer. Debt and taxes make the poor and middle class poorer. So all the rich guys who are doctors and lawyers or... you know, those guys, they're getting creamed - and they don't know why - doctors are getting creamed? Oh, yeah, they're making more money but the take-home is less You know, my doctor just yelled at me he's happy, he says, "Oh, guess what I finally made a million dollars." And I said, "Yeah", this is just three weeks ago. And so I said, "Yeah, well how much you pay in tax?" He says, "$750,000 in taxes." So his net was about $400,000 That's not bad but when I make a million bucks, I keep a million bucks. And the reason is because I don't make it by working for money. See if you work for money your taxed. So that's why lesson number one in Rich Dad Poor Dad is the rich don't work for money. What we do instead is we create businesses as entrepreneurs. We acquire real estate. I don't invest in the stock market So the reason is because as entrepreneurs I have more control over my income, how much I make and how much I pay in taxes. And because I'm an entrepreneur as well as an investor in real estate I pay zero tax. So every time I make let's say a million dollars as an entrepreneur I immediately invest it in real estate, and I have a 4 to 1 step up. So I put a million dollars in real estate, I get four million from the bank. That's why I love banks. But the banks are screwing everybody else you know, terrible but it's good for me. I thought you said when you print it's good for you but when you print it's bad for people that work for money. Because when you print savers get creamed and people who work for money get creamed. When they print debtors get rich. You see, debt and taxes make the rich richer and debt and taxes make the poor and middle class poorer. When we have obsolete ideas we get obsolete results. So what's happening for most people the idea of going to school, getting a job, working hard, saving money, getting out of debt, buying your house because it's an asset and investing for a long term. It's obsolete. The world has changed, the world changed in 1971 when President Nixon took us off the gold standard and money became debt. What if we get rid of school then what would happen? Would it be better if we had no educational system at all? No, I'm saying education was more important before, it's just obsolete. You know, there's Moore's law that... Moore's law which states information doubles every 18 months. In other words, everything is obsolete, 18 months. So, and this is a recent phenomenon. So when you come out of school, you're already obsolete, and that's why I'm the old guy, you know, I meet my friends, I went to Harvard. Yeah, I went to Harvard. I said, "Yeah, that was how long 50 years ago?" Today the banks are charging you interest to save money. the banks don't want your money because they've printed too much of it. And that's why there's bubbles and stocks and bubbles in real estate and all this. People are dumping the cash. Because as I said in here, "Savers are losers and cash is trash" And yet people are, "Well, I want a high-paying job." Well, that's an obsolete idea. Get out of debt, it's an obsolete idea. You should learn how to get into debt How to you use debt to get rich And they'll never teach you about taxes. The reason the 1% is way up here and the 99% are going this way is because when you print money two things happen inflation and taxes. It's crushing them. And any entrepreneur that thinks "I'm just going to make money and start a business and make a lot of money because that what we talk about They really have got to smell the roses man. You know, that's not what the real entrepreneurs are doing. Most entrepreneurs, there's 28 million small business owners in America 24 million are, are one person entrepreneurs. They're called non-employee entrepreneurs. So that because, and that's what happens is when people don't really understand what an entrepreneur does. So most people are self-employed, but they're not really entrepreneurs. The self-employed pay the highest taxes of all and nobody tells them that. Yeah, it's also called the entrepreneurial spirit but what we're actually talking about was there's no such thing as a bad economy. You know those externally, you and I, we all have an external economy. But we also have an internal economy and the will power is to change our internal economy. So for me, I can see the good, I can see the bad I don't really give a damn. Because I'm going to be rich anyway. But a poor person with a poor personal economy All they're going to see is a bad economy. Because they don't know how to make money in any economy. And a middle-class person, they have a middle-class economy you know what they want is a nice house, a steady paycheck and the job and the car. And so when you take their job away to them that's disaster. Well since an entrepreneur doesn't have a job anyway, it's no big deal. So all I'm saying to people is what Bucky Fuller taught me. There's always two sides, you know what I mean, you know to use plural at minimum two. So if you think the economy is bad, it's because your economy is bad. If you think that steady, you know, employment is important - then you'll see an economy without jobs. - Your economy Your economy versus the external economy. Where you control VS where you can't control I can control yes, it's called, it's called an internal focus versus an external focus. So the real entrepreneur has an internal focus but if they fall down they say, "Oh, this is good because I'm going to go up higher." You know, the average person will fall down and say "Oh, I'm going to take some Prozac" Or, or the- or somebody has the mistakes, all the mistakes don't matter well Mistakes, mistakes matter, it means you didn't know something. But a real entrepreneur whether they fall down or they go, they always can go up They can stand back up and go higher. That no matter what happens to them they got stronger and better and smarter and happier. But a person with a weak internal mindset Is that they're so afraid of what happens, it generally happens. Like, you know, people who are afraid of losing their jobs they generally lose their jobs. - You know what I mean, - yeah, no doubt, so everything comes through you Yeah, so the entrepreneur first job is control inside here not outside there. The moment you take that paycheck you're an employee You've got to be stronger than that. It's about inside control.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mindvora2 [2 likes]: "I grew up broke, told myself it was just bad luck. Then I realized it wasn't my wallet that was empty — it was my mindset. The day I changed how I thought, everything else started changing too. Still a work in progress but I'll never go back to that old way of thinking.
  2. @RelentlessEnergy-e7w: You’re not tired… you’re just avoiding what matters.
  3. @GregLavOGMindset: good advice. helpful podcast :hand-pink-waving:
  4. @Thenceforth1: I will....IN
  5. @cryptonft5408: I'm 2 months into my own business journey. 
This where you think if everything was a good idea. 
Some days are dark. But we push forward regardless. 

With job offers, i refuse to work for paycheck again. 
The reward is in the journey, This are the moments i will 
remember forever.
  6. @247Empowerment: This is such an eye-opening perspective 💡
  7. @Thewealthcode-q4z: yes this is exact problem we are facing
  8. @SmartSeconds-d1d: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more
  9. @ThetaWealthCode: Real wealth comes from harmony in spirituality, physical and emotional health, strong relationships, and purposeful work.
  10. @MikePatrickMCMP11: You have to be a criminal and literally commit crimes, or at least be willing to to be part of the one percent. Damn my parents for bringing me up to be a good person and obey the laws of the land.
  11. @AvooliteChannels: what’s interesting here is that this feels like a result,
not the actual beginning of the process.
  12. @The2Draft: Mr. Miyagi in the world of capital accumulation. Make money, and do it better than anyone else 🤑🤑🤑
  13. @Russellviews: Whats wrong with that? I went to school, got a pay check, put a %age in my 401k and now I have about 800k.
WHAT is wrong with that?
Here is how the average person gets wealthy.
1. Get a trade.
2. Save in a 401k.
3. DON'T buy new cars.
4. Buy a fixer upper house. 
Learn that wealth is HAVING money not looking like you have money.
  14. @Mindset_Moves92: ❤❤
  15. @leveluplifehub01: Good video
  16. @nooralkilani-x2m: Don't say every
  17. @SoulSparkTales-m5c: Discipline is the real key 🔑
  18. @suskis4kt: Anyone who believe this dude is a low iq slop
  19. @ScaleStructure12: Discipline and small psychological tricks are what actually move you forward
  20. @DIRTYHONEST: "Rich dad don't want to accept paycheck because he don't want to slave to money"

- Rich vs Poor Mindset — The Painful Truth About Money in America: Kind: captions Language: en-US Rich vs Poor Mindset Is a&nbsp; Mathematical Inequality (An&nbsp;&nbsp; 8-Minute Economic Deep Dive) Hook (0:00–0:20)&nbsp; This video is not about hustle. It’s not about waking up at 5 a.m.&nbsp; It’s not about motivation. It’s about why, mathematically,&nbsp; most people were never going to get rich — even with a good salary.&nbsp; If you understand this equation, your financial behavior will permanently change. Economists don’t ask,&nbsp; “Who works harder?” They ask,&nbsp; “Who allocates capital correctly over time?” Today we’ll analyze Rich vs Poor Mindset&nbsp; as an economic system, not a personality trait. To avoid storytelling bias, we control every variable.&nbsp; Assumptions Country: United States&nbsp; Age: 25 Income: $60,000/year&nbsp; After-tax monthly income: ~$5,000 No inheritance&nbsp; No viral business No extreme luck&nbsp; Only decision-making logic changes. Two individuals:&nbsp; john mike&nbsp; Same starting point. Different financial equations. john optimizes for one variable: 👉 Present comfort&nbsp; john’s monthly structure: Rent, car, lifestyle: $3,900&nbsp; Savings: $200 Leftover: $900 (mostly consumed)&nbsp; Annual investable capital: 👉 $2,400 Now here’s the key economic concept:&nbsp; john has a high time preference. In economics, time preference means:&nbsp; How much you value today versus the future. High time preference =&nbsp; “I prefer $1 today over $2 tomorrow.” This mindset isn’t lazy.&nbsp; It’s biologically normal. But economically, it’s devastating. mike optimizes for a different variable: 👉 Future optionality&nbsp; mike’s monthly structure: Living expenses: $3,000&nbsp; Investments: $1,500 Liquidity buffer: $500&nbsp; Annual investable capital: 👉 $18,000 mike has low time preference.&nbsp; He delays consumption not&nbsp; because he’s disciplined,&nbsp; but because he understands leverage. mike doesn’t ask: “Can I afford this?”&nbsp; He asks: “What does this money&nbsp; become if I don’t spend it?”&nbsp; That question alone separates economic classes. Most people misunderstand compounding because they think linearly.&nbsp; Let’s calculate. john&nbsp; $2,400/year Minimal investing&nbsp; Mostly idle or low return After 25 years: 👉 ~$80,000 net worth (optimistic)&nbsp; mike $18,000/year&nbsp; Real return: 7–8% Consistent allocation&nbsp; Using compound accumulation: After 25 years: 👉 $1.3–$1.5 million&nbsp; Same income. Same time.&nbsp; Different mathematical curves.&nbsp; Wealth is not earned — it emerges. This is where poor mindset becomes invisible. When john spends $1,200 on a vacation,&nbsp; he doesn’t lose $1,200. He loses:&nbsp; $1,200 × (1.08²⁵) ≈ $8,200&nbsp; Every consumption decision has a future version. Rich mindset isn’t about saving money.&nbsp; It’s about respecting future versions of yourself.&nbsp; Poor mindset isn’t stupidity. It’s short horizon thinking. john avoids investing because it “feels risky.” But economists define risk as:&nbsp; The probability of failing to meet future needs.&nbsp; Under that definition: Inflation is risk&nbsp; Salary dependency is risk Skill stagnation is risk&nbsp; mike’s volatility feels risky. john’s stability is actually fragile.&nbsp; Comfort is not safety. Diversification is. The system rewards:&nbsp; Consumption Debt&nbsp; Predictability It punishes:&nbsp; Delayed gratification Long-term thinking&nbsp; Capital formation This is why:&nbsp; $100k earners feel broke $50k earners build wealth&nbsp; Income explains lifestyle. Allocation explains wealth. Rich vs Poor mindset is not moral. It’s structural.&nbsp; john optimizes: Comfort&nbsp; Certainty Today&nbsp; mike optimizes: Optionality&nbsp; Asymmetry Time&nbsp; Same country. Same income.&nbsp; Different equations. And equations don’t care about motivation. If you want content that treats money as systems and math,&nbsp; not motivation quotes — subscribe.&nbsp; Next video: “Why Salary Is the&nbsp; Worst Wealth Vehicle Ever Created”

- Homelessness in Vancouver: A City of Wealth, A City in Pain - Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. >> [music] >> Vancouver's green forests and bright waterfront hide a painful truth. Thousands of people here have no place to call home. Having witnessed urban hardship firsthand, I'm struck by the sharp divide between the city's shining skyline and the tents lining its streets. Vancouver's homelessness crisis, much like the struggle of the homeless in America, is a quiet tragedy driven by soaring rents, a brutal opioid epidemic, [music] and harsh weather. Come with me as we look at the causes, the [music] human cost, especially addiction, and the fragile hope for change. This is a story [music] we can't ignore. The quiet suffering beneath the city. Vancouver's homelessness crisis is an open wound beneath a city wrapped in [music] emerald beauty. The 2025 point in time homeless count from the homelessness services association of BC reports that 532 people are homeless across Metro Vancouver, a 9% rise since [music] 2023. Within the city [music] itself, two Thasen Sum 15 people sleep in damp tents or under overpasses with 48% completely exposed to the elements. Even more heartbreaking [music] 71% are stuck in chronic homelessness, living in uncertainty for more than a year. Indigenous people, though, a small share of the population represent 34% of those living on the streets. A painful imbalance that cannot be ignored. Families are [music] caught in this storm as well with children growing up surrounded by instability and fear. These figures aren't abstract. They reflect real lives unraveling in a city full of [music] wealth. I've walked through the downtown east side where tents crowd the sidewalks and [music] felt the weight of lives pushed aside. This crisis mirrors the reality of the homeless in America. From Seattle's back [music] streets to the vast sprawl of Los Angeles, how do cities so alive allow [music] so many to slip through the cracks? How do we walk past tarpcovered [music] shelters without stopping? Each person out there carries a story of survival amid collapse, a quiet appeal to our [music] shared humanity. Those faces stay with me and I can't turn away. So, [music] what's fueling this relentless crisis? Let's look next at the forces pulling lives apart. How the crisis took hold. What's [music] happening in Vancouver didn't come out of nowhere. It's the result of broken systems, hard loss, and choices [music] that leave people behind. The cost of living has become unforgiving. The average home now tops $1 million CAD. And renting a one-bedroom apartment [music] can cost anywhere from $2,000 to $3,000 a [music] month. For many residents, that barrier is simply impossible to [music] climb. About 35% of people experiencing homelessness [music] say they lost housing because they couldn't keep up with rent and basic bills. A bitter reality in a city overflowing with wealth. Inflation only makes things [music] worse, pushing food and daily necessities higher and forcing families and workers into [music] constant survival mode. Money, [music] though, isn't the only force at work. Indigenous communities still carry deep wounds from a long history of displacement [music] and neglect that blocks access to stable housing. Women [music] escaping violent homes often find themselves trading one danger for another on the streets. Even people working full-time low-wage jobs watch their pay disappear into rent before the [music] month is over. Vancouver's relatively mild climate adds another cruel twist, drawing people from colder [music] regions of Canada only to trap them in the same economic squeeze. This pattern of loss mirrors the suffering of the homeless in America. How can a city this prosperous allow so many to fall through the cracks? What keeps us from [music] truly seeing their struggle? Having walked these rain soaked streets [music] myself, the faces behind these facts are impossible to forget. [music] And waiting beneath it all is addiction ready to pull people even deeper. Why do we allow this cycle to [music] continue? Let's confront that shadow next. How fentinel deepened the homelessness crisis. The opioid epidemic driven largely by fentinel [music] has become one of the most powerful forces worsening homelessness in Vancouver. [music] >> From 2016 to 2024, British Columbia recorded 8,56 overdose deaths with Vancouver >> sitting at the center of this ongoing disaster. Fentinyl, often combined with methamphetamine, [music] has a strong hold on people living on the streets, accounting for about 24% of [music] substance use among the homeless. In the downtown east side, [music] addiction and homelessness are tightly intertwined, each one fueling the other in a cycle that's hard to escape. Addiction [music] doesn't just follow homelessness. It often triggers it. And fentinyl plays a major role in tearing lives apart. Roughly [music] 40% of Vancouver's homeless say substance use, especially fentinyl, cost them their jobs, housing, and [music] sense of direction. Michael, once a working mechanic, [music] is one of countless examples. An injury led to fentinel use and soon [music] after he lost everything. Now living in a damp tent, he [music] struggles daily to stay sober, surrounded by constant risk. On the streets, overdoses are common [music] and diseases like hepatitis C spread through unsafe needle use. Vancouver's cold, wet winters with temperatures between 0 degrees and 8 [music] degree make street life dangerous, raising the risk of hypothermia. Summer brings its own threats [music] as heat waves like the 40° spike in 2021 increase dehydration and overdose deaths. Relentless rain destroys supplies, [music] pushing users toward unsafe alternatives and greater danger. Safe injection sites and the lock zone have saved lives, but with only about 2,000 treatment [music] beds across the province and long wait lists, support remains fragile. The cycle continues and without stronger action, [music] the question remains, can it truly be broken? When weather becomes a threat to survival, Vancouver's weather is a mixed blessing for people living without shelter. Winters are gentler than in much of Canada with temperatures [music] rarely dropping below 0°. Yet, the endless rain and heavy humidity seep into bones and make the cold [music] feel unbearable. Picture trying to stay warm when your only refuge is a soaked tent in [music] places like Crab Park. Summer offers a brief sense of relief with temperatures [music] ranging from 15° S to 25° seis. But sudden heat waves like the [music] 2021 heat dome that sent temperatures soaring to 40° in sea can be deadly for anyone without shade or clean water. These sharp swings in weather strike the homeless hardest, [music] turning each day into a fight just to stay alive. The health consequences are severe. Long, wet winters raise the risk of hypothermia, [music] pneumonia, and skin infections, especially for people already struggling with addiction or chronic disease. When summer arrives, dehydration and heat exhaustion become [music] constant threats, particularly for older adults and those using substances. Rain ruins what [music] little people own. Blankets, clothing, and even vital documents are soaked beyond saving, while the stress of [music] constant exposure deepens depression and isolation. Shelters do help, but with only about 1,000 beds across the city, many are turned away, especially during the coldest months. Vancouver's [music] extreme weather response program adds short-term beds during severe cold, but it's a temporary fix [music] to a much larger problem. Climate change only compounds the crisis, [music] bringing more floods and heat waves that disrupt encampments and vital services. So, how [music] does a city brace itself for these growing pressures? Next, we look at who carries the heaviest burden, the people behind the [music] crisis. Vancouver's homelessness crisis isn't just a city problem. It reflects a painful reality seen [music] across Canada. The numbers are stark. Indigenous people, though a small [music] share of the population, make up a disproportionate part of those without [music] housing carrying the lasting harm of residential schools and systemic racism. Women, many [music] escaping domestic abuse, face constant danger once they're on the streets. Stories like Paris's [music] make this impossible to ignore. A homeless woman in Edmonton, she has been sleeping outside for more than 3 years, surviving brutal [music] winters. She shared how police repeatedly forced her to move without offering shelter and she fears she won't live [music] through another winter. Her story mirrors what many endure, especially indigenous women [music] who often shoulder the heaviest burden of this crisis. This struggle reaches far beyond one city or group. Seniors on small pensions [music] can't keep up with rising rents and must choose between housing and food. Young people aging out of foster care are left [music] without support, lacking the tools to find stability. Immigrants [music] face language barriers and lowpaying work, always one step [music] away from losing everything. Families are being pulled in too with children growing up in cars or tents [music] as affordable housing disappears. Running through all of this [music] are addiction and mental health struggles tightly linked to the opioid [music] epidemic. These aren't [music] statistics. They're real lives. Parisa in the cold elders skipping meals. youth [music] turned away from shelters. It's a painful test of our humanity. How do we allow this to continue where hope [music] still struggles to survive. Vancouver [music] faces an enormous homelessness crisis. But the city isn't standing [music] completely still. Having witnessed small sparks of hope in dark moments, I'm encouraged by the efforts underway, even if many feel like temporary fixes on a broken [music] system. Housing first remains the foundation, giving people a stable place [music] to live before addressing addiction or mental health needs. It's a compassionate [music] approach, yet with nearly 3,000 people stuck on waiting lists and too few homes being built, that promise [music] feels fragile. The province's belonging in BC plan aims to deliver thousands of new housing units and shelter beds by 2030. [music] But for many, that future feels far away. When winter rains [music] arrive, the extreme weather response program opens short-term shelters offering warmth and hot meals. Still, with only about [music] 1,000 shelter beds across the city, many are left out in the cold. Nonprofits like Union Gospel Mission and the Salvation Army step in daily handing out [music] coffee meals and blankets at sunrise. I've seen their [music] volunteers, everyday people showing up with quiet compassion. For Vancouver's large Vietnamese [music] community, organizations such as Mosaic work to keep immigrants housed by connecting them to jobs [music] and support. Addressing addiction [music] is just as urgent. In sight, the city's supervised consumption [music] site saves lives with clean supplies and nlloxxone. Yet, with only around 2,000 treatment beds [music] across British Columbia and long wait lists, help remains out of reach for many. Temporary modular housing offers some stability, [music] and talk of a tiny home village near Crab Park hints at a more ambitious future. These efforts matter, but they fall short. What [music] more should be done to close the gap? How can a city this alive step up further? Seeing these small victories gives me hope, but it also leaves me asking, [music] what's still holding us back? >> Why real change remains out of reach. Having watched cities struggle with their deepest scars, I'm struck by how Vancouver's efforts to help the homeless keep running into hard limits. The most painful barrier is the severe shortage of affordable housing. Around 3,000 people [music] sit on waiting lists while only a small number of new homes are being built, [music] leaving hope thin and fragile. Adding to the damage, 630 low rent units [music] lifelines for the poorest residents have been lost to fires or neglect a devastating blow to those barely hanging on. The opioid crisis [music] remains relentless, claiming 8506 lives across British Columbia since [music] 2016. Treatment beds are limited, and stigma keeps many from seeking help. [music] I've heard people say they avoid shelters out of fear of judgment or losing what little they own, a reality that echoes the pain of [music] the homeless in America. From San Francisco to Portland, efforts to clear [music] tent encampments in the downtown east side, often framed as restoring order, frequently scatter [music] people with nowhere to go, fueling anger and despair. Climate change adds another layer of hardship as stronger floods [music] and heat waves destroy fragile encampments and strain already thin services. Those most at risk, indigenous families, women and young people, face the [music] highest walls. Programs meant to support them, including safe spaces [music] and culturally grounded housing, are overwhelmed and underfunded. It's frustrating to watch compassion [music] stall against systemic failure. How do we close the gap between care and real action? What keeps [music] meaningful change out of reach? Witnessing this struggle leaves me restless for progress. So, [music] where does Vancouver go from here? Let's turn our eyes toward what comes next? Is there a way out of this [music] crisis? Without real action, [music] Vancouver's homelessness crisis is at risk of growing even worse. Current projections are alarming. [music] By 2030, the city's homeless population could reach 4,700, nearly a 50% increase [music] from today. The opioid epidemic also shows little sign of easing [music] with forecasts, warning that overdose deaths in British Columbia could surpass 10,000 in by the end of [music] the decade. As temporary housing and SRO units disappear, more people are [music] left exposed to Vancouver's harsh reality wet winters and increasingly [music] dangerous summer heat waves. Still, [music] this doesn't have to be a story of despair. Real change will require bold, coordinated steps. [music] Vancouver must sharply expand affordable housing. [music] Building 2,000 NIS new supportive units by 2030 is progress, but it won't meet the scale of [music] the need. Preserving existing SRO's and restoring [music] vacancy control could help keep rents within reach. Addiction [music] care also needs urgent investment. Adding 1,000 plus treatment beds [music] and cutting weight times could mean the difference between life and death. Harm reduction [music] efforts, including more supervised injection sites and wider access to Nlloxxone, remain essential to keeping people alive long [music] enough to seek recovery. Support for vulnerable groups [music] must be central. Indigenousled housing safe spaces for women fleeing violence and [music] job training for youth aging out of foster care can help break long-standing cycles of poverty. Climate resilience matters [music] as well. More winter shelters and weatherresistant housing options can reduce the toll of rain, cold, and [music] heat. Immigrant communities, including Vancouver's Vietnamese population along [music] with other groups, can play a stronger role by partnering with nonprofits to offer outreach [music] and advocacy. Above all, cooperation is critical. [music] Governments, nonprofits, and communities must work together. The stakes are high and time [music] is short. Will Vancouver meet this moment or allow the crisis to deepen? Let's close [music] with a final reflection. What this crisis asks of all of us, Vancouver's homelessness crisis [music] reflects a struggle seen around the world, echoing the pain of the homeless in America. Soaring rents, a deadly opioid epidemic, and harsh weather weigh heavily on 5,000 132 people across Metro Vancouver, each trying to make it through another day. Indigenous families, abused women, vulnerable youth, and [music] aging seniors deserve far more than life in damp tents and constant fear. >> Addiction tightens its hold, deepening the harm. Yet small signs of hope remain through housing first and tireless nonprofit work. The gaps [music] are clear and demand action, more housing, more treatment, and more compassion. Supporting groups like Union Gospel Mission or local shelters can [music] make a real difference. Moved by their strength, I ask what it will [music] take for us to act. The homeless in America are waiting, too, and we can't afford to look away.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shockcat5988 [2 likes]: If you build a system that has winners and losers you’ll have a system with winners and losers.
  2. @ChrisBoogeymanMoyah [2 likes]: Sometimes I think: Imagine all the missing people from towns and cities that aren't really missing because they're alive (sometimes unrecognizable) in other towns and cities somewhere. In the world.
  3. @robertrichard2739 [2 likes]: a lot of boo hoo hoo excuses in this , for a better understanding see the documentary THE DEATH OF CANADA . Drug addiction is a choice not a diseases and when a wicked govt. agenda becomes industry normalized its hell on earth but they offer the industrialized solution for that too its now known as MAID
  4. @SusanSavillo-vr8vl [2 likes]: CANADA NOT AMERICA, VANCOUVER IS IN CANADA.
  5. @putraarbaen4982 [1 likes]: Kehancuran dan keabaian rakyat dlm negara bisa musnah disebabkan menteri taksub pada kepimpinan yg memikirkan diri sendiri dn memperkayakan diri dn ahli yg berkelompok nya sahaja dari memerhatikan bagaimana hidup dn kesulitan yg dialami rakyatnya.. jika pemimpin yg bertangjawab pda keperintahan serta adil dlm kedamaian disebuah negara nya pasti tidak akan berdampak dibalik sisi gelap yg diabaikn. 😢
  6. @DeborahHenderson-tu5xs [1 likes]: The Holy Bible says: THE WICKED LOVE DEATH. Some of these people are living bad, and it is not their fault. But the majority are living bad due to their own rebellious, stubborn, and dumb choices. No one made them use drugs. They chose to become junkies because they chose to use junk drugs, so they became junk by using junky drugs. Life is what you make it. The Bible says: THE WAGES OF SIN IS DEATH. You choose sin, you choose DEATH. It is your choice. Choose life by choosing Jesus. Humble yourself and surrender your life to God, and He will give you a better life!
  7. @PaulYewchuk-k2l [1 likes]: Canada shuts out half of all business and engineering students by rejecting their applications to business  and engineering education programs at Canada's universities and colleges. Especially local, born in Canada, students.  Business and engineering students are the people who CREATE jobs for the homeless. If those business and engineering students can't get a business and engineering degree in Canada they will have to leave the country. And they do leave.  So the homeless remain unemployed and this looks bad for Canada, so foreign investors refuse to invest here which creates an even greater shortage of jobs which makes Canada look even worse etc ...  It all starts with governments stepping in to identify the causes of homelessness  and intervening  before someone becomes homeless.  Since the Canadian government is too *tupid to do this, the homelessness problem persists. The Canadian government has got to start caring and doing something.
  8. @tedhampe3937 [1 likes]: Yup , these people could be farming or gardening but the plants that have been grown since the begining of time are outlawed , sickning alternative to farming and gardening .
How long till people get it through their thick talking heads ?
  9. @joebenoit901 [1 likes]: Pretty sad it total reflects how bad are politicians are really doing! Millions to Ukraine absolutely nothing for Canadians  , these present Liberals and NDP governments are the appidimy of how well they are not really governing!
  10. @GROK5-y9g [1 likes]: I'd rather  ..  "Die @ Sea"
  11. @truecanadianpatriot1454 [1 likes]: All liberal politicians should be forced to live like this, no bank accounts and own nothing, and suffer like these poor souls do. maybe then they would change their tune, Eby has done nothing to fix this
  12. @ThatVancouverLife [1 likes]: Canada is struggling this way because of our lack of taking care of our own citizens and putting a priority to immigrants, liberal policies, in war overseas over its own citizens
  13. @lucadimaggio4356: Vergogna spendiamo miliardi in armi o per andare sulla luna quando non siamo nemmeno capaci occuparci del nostro pianeta. Al mondo ci sono pochissime persone che possiedono la ricchezza di circa il 60 % se non più della popolazione mondiale una cosa vergognosa, antidemocratica, poco seria in poche parole una schifezza che solo una popolazione controllata poco informata può accettare
  14. @carolineandrew2692: The catholic church should be paying for the education. Homeless. Shelters. They broke our people. The ministry too. They keep breaking and breaking. They enjoy looking down at you broken. All down the chain broken.
  15. @isildore: lifes a party; the real priority!
  16. @SoupEater-r6u: Couldnt 5 carpenters, 5 wood or scrap yards, 5 landowners give up something. Guess not. Whats the real reason this is happening? Isnt it the superwealthy who keep people poor. Its murder
  17. @MrNagyapa: Mered-e megemlíteni a kapitalizmust? Mered-e megemlíteni a pénzügyi tőkét? Kritizálod a kormányt, de a kormányt a tőke foglyul ejtette, és a választási rendszer révén felmentették a felelősség alól.
  18. @RobertCollins-fq5tw: America and Canada built on blood of the native are cursed.
  19. @RobertCollins-fq5tw: I believe America and Canada is cursed.
  20. @paullemoine8379: Government created this now fix it carney !

- How Starbucks Became a $100B Success Story | Howard Schultz | From Poor Boy To Billionaire: Kind: captions Language: en there's not a single person on this planet who haven't heard of starbucks world's biggest coffee house company but did you know that the former ceo of starbucks howard schultz was born and raised in poverty barely making ends meet and when things got really tough he even had to sell his blood couple of times this is the success story of howard schultz how he went from living in poverty and struggling for money to survive to transforming starbucks into a 100 billion dollar company and he was just a young boy who never stopped dreaming and here is why you shouldn't stop too he was born in a very poor family he spent his childhood living in a small one-bedroom apartment from a public housing projects his father was an army vet and a truck driver and spent most of his life working low paid jobs when howard was only 7 years old while delivering diapers his father fell on the ice and broke his leg and because of this he was fired from his job and with no medical insurance and no savings his family was struggling for money that image of his father laying on the couch feeling hopeless crushed and defeated left a permanent mark in his memory it was one of the biggest defining moments in howard's life and to get away from all of these problems he used to sit on the staircase in his building dreaming of a better life he played football in high school and earned an athletic scholarship to go to college but he didn't want to play sports and decided to major in communications so to pay for college he had to take student loans and worked many odd jobs to make ends meet few times he even had to sell his blood for money to survive after graduating from college howard worked at a ski lodge and as a salesman but he had a desire to work at starbucks at that time starbucks had three owners and only sold coffee beans so at the age of 29 after a full year of convincing the owners to hire him he finally got a job at starbucks while on a business trip to italy he walked into an italian coffee shop and he was fascinated by his experience while drinking coffee he was amazed by the fact that the owners of the coffee shops actually knew their customers and they even called them by their names while serving them coffee excited he traveled back to the u.s trying to convince the starbucks owners to accept these incredible new ideas but the owners rejected him so howard quit starbucks and went on to create his own coffee company called il journale but he had no money to fund this company in the course of the year i spent trying to raise money i spoke to 242 people and 217 of them said no try to imagine how disheartening it can be to hear that many times why your idea is not worth investing in it was a very humbling time but eventually enough people believed in his vision and decided to invest in his business he worked extremely hard to open his first coffee shop where he could replicate the experience he had in italy and finally implement his ideas after a few years starbucks went bankrupt and howard bought the company and became ceo of starbucks he rebranded his company with the starbucks name and expanded across the united states today starbucks has more than 30 000 stores around the world and market value over 100 billion dollars and howard has an advice for you in life you can blame a lot of people and you can wallow in self-pity or you can pick yourself up and say listen i have to be responsible for myself i believe life is a series of near misses a lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all it's seizing the day and accepting responsibility for your future it's seeing what other people don't see and pursuing that vision i feel so strongly that the reason i'm here is i dreamed big dreams i dreamed the kind of dreams that other people said would not be possible i cannot offer you any specific secret recipe for success the perfect plan how to reach the pinnacle of success in the business but my own experience suggests that starting from scratch and achieving much more than what i dream about is quite possible but if you wait for the perfect conditions you'll never get anything done but the good thing is you can make a decision and take control now remember something a year from now you may wish you had started today so what's your story you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessEmpireBlueprints [1 likes]: This is an amazing story to learn from
  2. @XiaoranFox [1 likes]: Just when I needed it! Thanks!
  3. @intricatexh: What's my story. I'll write it down after I get success
  4. @RRDiscovery-66: One day everyone will see my story and get inspired by me
  5. @Cathy-h5r6x: now some of us have to sell blood to afford his coffee!
  6. @UnseenDetails-f8n: I think Howard is also Adobe and probably Mac. I knew I wasn’t Starbucks but knew I made coffee before, because I sat there focusing on it but knew with certain beans that it would always taste better or be a preferred taste and it’s the extraction method that was maybe different. Because they wanted to sell more coffee instead of it being more expensive or just one cup a day. Starbucks was still some place that anyone that worked could afford coffee at. And that’s what Howard and people always said credit cards were for. New York didn’t necessarily use credit cards. And buying houses ruined it, it caused Starbucks to become this conglomerate like place that had to expand in multiple locations and supply chains where it could somehow turn a tremendous profit for investors and others possibly suing or protesting its existence. This whole thing that actually goes economically is Starbucks. That’s why we just smiled and i ignored it or did something else or we had to get pulled into it, it’s kind of like you had to retreat from it. Like if they made it there then that’s it for them because the only way back from it was going off west or I mean south in any direction, Starbucks was kind of done with New York by the time they made it into automobiles. Starbucks rocked but I didn’t have a car even back then when I was 15, I didn’t see any way of achieving one, if I do happened to become injured I’d fail to pay the auto insurance or an auto note, either way you can’t drive or you get ticketed. They didn’t like me being a rich meth dealer to them and printing my own separate money as a security, they didn’t like basilix as a dude that was me if I went full blown into silicon and didn’t talk. Starbucks had some places but kind of was always hiding in places like shopping malls or big stores and plazas. Cleveland put all the actual shops in and they avoided Howard by using hourly workers and everyone being locked in to the minimum wage taxed job system, where you can try and start some business or be self employed, but that’s what you’re competing with as a supply chain. It was definitely mostly or led by females. Some drive all the way from Europe to jobs here thru the fast travel ports, where some guy brings you thru. They all use it. Jade is Howard Schultz and she may go by Andrea or that’s someone else but seems rare but we or I kept making everyone real that they pretend to be or a new person had to be based on and . She lives in the Midwest, I thought Howard was a pig and it makes sense that Howard is French Montana or the guy that does the videos and performances. I didn’t get how they all had banking and credit cards locked down, boy were we fucked against them, is why I smiled, they made us completely gay as males or you couldn’t protest it or be on your own in it. I loved Starbucks but they always kicked me out they knew I sold crystal meth to them or something. All because some 50 cent Adam Sonak guy wanted some big return on his dollar investment into like ten dollars so he could get more than a standard coffee at a discounted rate. I let Howard get rich or stay rich I seen no way of achieving it during 2008 (bank account space was limited cash required, and portal travel leaves your mind blank and traveling a far means you’re far from money you have). Howard was rich in that like nature group with different monitors and cards and they buy or sold Newport cigarettes. I felt left behind like some kind of war or invasion went on where it all got removed that had certain metal or functions in it. I’d have to walk to British Columbia and then come back. They became a separate group, you had to share areas and places you had unless they were thru Comerica’s capitalism thing then it’s mostly just cash and computers were a new thing. Howard and them had different bank accounts they had places like capital one but they had to have a job with it or you get it or we did or they just transferred money from their own bank into a checking account or they made big cashier checks request like over phones where they picked money up. And that’s why we didn’t walk or run coast to coast anymore because people may have safes full of thousands or millions of dollars in their houses. Sometimes we just followed other dudes or people and seen how they traveled and then we knew what to or not to do. So that’s why no one really used credit cards or applied for it because it was all moved to Europe. Howard was originally a pig I thought or they had jade locked in somewhere, I didn’t know that the simulations were all just some kind of front for robbery but they don’t go on forever or they change over to Hollywood and that’s about where we’re at timeline wise. In Hollywood you just get kind of ordered around. But you’re free and somewhere else far away like at a hotel resort or place with the lights. The business would be like being in the parking lot of pizza shops like on haggerty but like in between the road and parking lot and store fronts. Like a four sided place with drive thru pizza and coffee cookies and stuff, but still growing weed and making lights and things, doing design and architecture. Anything that links everything together. We even gave out loans and sent stuff everywhere to where you’d be not getting charged interest because you probably spent it to us. We sold drugs in or as Hollywood but it depends on how it seems. So start a new one with Hollywood on the sign and studio lights on it without the yellow glint. Think black eyes shaped like big five point stars smile. In Hollywood no one bullshits you certain things are all made or sold from the same place and even just used by it. Everyone else was kind of runaways. Then they’d try and steal my gimmick business (that’s why I named it that there was no wood used) that they couldn’t operate because they don’t lay in bed or sit in the same room all day long with a front window. We’re not too expensive but we’re all celebrities so it seems expensive, it just means the money bounces around or you get full payment in enough money to buy something else that you or someone else does. We had no desire in going major at all or it’d ruin us in the other industry. Production was a different industry and I mean manufacturing. It’s just like they didn’t let us sell anything to their market and kept us locked down. It’s just like boogie nights with Hollywood, we lived there above the boulevard, we made people stars or we were A listers in person. We’re not closeted gays we’re like dolls they use no matter how big this place got it’d still be like a closet or storage of studio or stage items or props. But like he was doing simulations of us because we agreed to like male Hollywood and weren’t homophobes. Like make it male only is what they meant, they had some gender rivalry it it changes. Like it ain’t no party store (may be one in the strip) unless we produced everything, it’d be like a drive thru coffee shop maybe with a second floor, like a loft, like glass windowed walled building with some brick. We were savers so we had all different things to put in some atm machine or dispenser or we stock other places, if we wanted more money or into the auto industry, we’re professional people and producers so we go kind of slow and the list we actually talk to or that would respond to our promotion probably isn’t that long but it’s good money and stuff.
  7. @bathulasintellectualstudyg9640: Super
  8. @user-cc5qn4ld3o: Very clear and concise explanation.
  9. @WendyMiera: This deserves more views.
  10. @EldaLargo: I found this really helpful.
  11. @VfthXdygg: Thanks for this great content.
  12. @patrickddorai: This video was well worth the watch.
  13. @SereBits: Very well put together.
  14. @FufgSjxc: Great effort on this video.
  15. @CoislyMauli: Thanks for keeping it simple.
  16. @Gsjaj-g8f: I understood everything perfectly.
  17. @ShahinKhanki: Very nicely done.
  18. @WendyMiera: I learned something new today.
  19. @StevenKennedy-x9j: This is high quality content.
  20. @TitanicBrock: Straight to the point, well done.

- The Insane True Story of Pain & Gain (The Sun Gym Gang): Kind: captions Language: en what ended in the death sentence for a Litany of extortion murder and torture charges was Daniel lugo's devious plan to get rich quick and live the American dream lugo's rise to infamy began with kidnapping millionaires using hired muscle from the Sun Jim however this would end up getting way out of hand as Lugo found himself guilty of a series of murders and failed abductions this story is a wild one containing ninja costumes insane schemes and lots of steroids and it all starts here at the sun JY in Florida in 1993 the first character in our story is Daniel Lugo in the film he's played by Mark wallberg but according to real life reports the characters personalities were very different Lugo came from New York and was a typical low-level con man he's recently been released from prison in 1991 for running a bank fraud his crime involved impersonating the Hong Kong bank Representatives searching for small American businesses to invest in seeking upfront payments in return for loan insurance he was arrested and jailed for 15 months and once released he was going to turn his life around he went to Florida to follow his passion of physical fitness sort of his first job out there was actually debt collection for unpaid gym memberships which is where we meet our second character of the story Stevenson Pierre Lugo hired Pierre as they were going to set up this de collection firm but it didn't come to fruition due to the startup costs so Daniel went for the next big thing working for the gym Lugo wormed his way inside the gym by sweet talking the owner John M Lugo promised JN that he would singlehandedly turn his failing gym around there was a Gold's Gym open around the corner and John was desperate so we ushered Daniel in and ignored his criminal past lugu got a job as a manager of the sun JY which is where we meet our next two criminals n Adrien dball and Carl weeks Adrian worked part-time in the gym and was in decent shape in the film he was Mark walberg's Meek sidekick but in real life he was almost the polar opposite apparently having a very aggressive personality which is probably from the steroids weeks had recently moved from New York to live with his sister's boyfriend Stevenson P to try and get away from a life of drugs and crime the final member of the initial gang is one of the most significant George delgardo delgardo was a businessman trained by and close friend of lugu but he also had other more affluent connections before we get into the first victim let's recap these are the six original members who made up the sun Jim gang consisting of ex-convicts and bodybuilders all fueled by desperation for a better life and a desire to take what they think is ODed to them anyway back to delgardo delgardo had a very wealthy friend who consistently trained at the sun Jim Mark Schiller now Delgado and Schiller previously run a mortgage company together however they had a falling out over a business deal and went their separate ways this Fallout was actually due to gel gard's relationship with lugu someone who schilla had perhaps rightly decided not to trust Shilla gave Delgado an ultimatum lugu or me and Delgado chose Lugo this put Delgado in the unique position of knowing a lot of information about Schiller from his illegal business activities to his home alarm code something which Lugo exploited Lugo had this staggering idea he quickly called weeks Adrian and Delgado in for a meeting revealing his devious and genius plan he told the boys that Shiller had owed him money and told them they could earn $100,000 for two days of easy work the plan when something like this the gang of bodybuilders would kidnap Schiller and transport him to a warehouse owned by Del garu from there they would beat and torture him until he signed over all of his possessions to Lugo in the gang finally they would decide what to do with him from there with the possibility of Killing Him armed with the knowledge of his fraudulent business they knew he would never be able to go to police they held the upper hand the plan was perfect and for a group of bodybuilders the abduction would be the easy part although it would not go quite as smooth as Lugo expected this is where the story starts to get a bit ridiculous their first idea to plan an abduction was in late October specifically on Halloween their plan was to dress up as ninjas and knock on his door then NAB him as he answered as schilla would be expecting children they decided against this idea as they forgot the streets would be teaming with children and a group of bodybuilders dressed as ninjas would stand out like a sore Thum instead they decided to spend the night at the strip club they thought right that didn't work we need a new plan and this plan was even worse their plan was to drive alongside Schiller during rush hour on the freeway stop his car and drag him into their van this was filed when he turned off the freeway the next desperate attempt was to hide out in his garden and grab him as he got his morning papers at 5:00 a.m. they dressed up in all black applied military camouflage pain to their face and hid under a blanket on Schiller's front yard however the group of bodybuilders hiding under a quilt in a garden was a little bit too conspicuous and they got spooked after they spotted some car headlights they got up and ran screaming Mission [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into their Walky torties at this point morale was low in the gang with the boys filling their down time with gym sessions and strip clubs they were on their seventh attempt to kidnap them at this point and it was honestly starting to get embarrassing this time Lugo was determined not to miss his Target in one final attempt to kidnap Shiller the gang decided to go head on after finishing his day at the sandwich shop Shiller was walking back to his car when the gang jumped out and tased and beat him to the point where he was barely conscious they stuffed him into the van Shackled his arms and legs and drove him to delgard ao's Warehouse sounds of Screams beat and the crackle of electricity from the taser filled the Dank Warehouse the bodybuilders used Shiller as their personal punch and bar with any sign of resistance met with a swift pistol whip or a right hook Shiller had time to reflect on his life while being locked up he was Argentinian from buenos arees and had moved his family to the USA in search of a safer and happier life inevitably to escape the kidnappings which happened on a daily basis in the country while gagged and blindfolded he soon realized the irony of his situation the gang had him right where they wanted him and initiated phase two of their plan they made him call his friends and family forcing him to lie telling them that he'd run away with a younger woman and was liquidating his assets into cash then while still blindfolded Lugo AKA Batman by the group forced Shiller to sign away his entire business portfolio properties and cars essentially everything thing that Schiller valued in life the gang only wanted to keep Shiller for 2 days but ended up keeping him for almost a month in this time Schiller had legally signed away his entire net worth of over $1.4 million which was then distributed between the bodybuilders despite being blindfolded Shilla knew who had kidnapped him lugo's distinctive New York accent and Mike Tyson es lisp gave him away almost immediately now shill had been milk dry it was time to dispose of him this part of the story is even more insane than the last some members of the gang had actually grown to feel sorry for Shilla and tried to make him feel as comfortable as possible namely Delgado and weeks in phase three of their plan they devised a cover story for shila's death which was revealed to him so that he wasn't too afraid they told him they were going to put him on a flight out of the country but he had to be black out drunk to do so beaten and bruised Shila knew there was only one way this was going to end but he went along with it on a slim chance that he might just survive and if their murder attempts were anything like their kidnapping attempts he'd probably have a pretty good chance of that so the gang put their plan into action they got him black out drunk and finally took his blindfold off they stuffed him into his car and took him to a secluded area of the warehouse District Lugal put Shiller in the driver's seat while Lugal went into the passenger side Lugal slammed on the gas pedal and steered the car into a concrete pool jumping out just seconds before the car cided the gang rushed to see the damage and found shill still alive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it they thought dowsing the car in petrol and throwing a lighter to it while they were driving away the unthinkable happened the door opened and Shiller rolled out the car unbelievable he was flailing and screaming in the street Lugal screamed at weeks to run him over weeks drove over to him and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] missed him he reversed and tried again this time hitting the target as they looked in their rear view mirror they couldn't believe that their eyes Shiller was getting back up Lugo demanded weeks to reverse and run him back over but the approaching headlights of another car LED them to flee the scene leaving the job unfinished the next day Shilla woke up in a hospital with a ruptured bladder broken ribs and a list of other injuries he shared his experience to anyone who would listen but nobody believed him a group of bodybuilders dressed as ninjas had kidnapped and extorted him for a month and then staged a drunk driving accident leave no Trail the police weren't buying this so Schiller Enlisted the help of a private investigator named ed dubar who took on his case and told Shiller to get out of the hospital as soon as possible as the gang were likely to come and finish the job and du was right lugu had just finished buying a surgical uniform and was heading into the hospital where Shilla was likely to be held he stormed into the hospital finding out where Shiller was being treated and planed to smother him and end this nightmare as Lugo turned into the room where Shiller was was kept he was gone he listened to Deb and escaped to New York on a helicopter with help from his sister he was gone alive and talking to his family this posed a problem for the gang they knew Schiller was alive and talking but he could be dealt with later he legally signed all of his possessions away to lugu and the boys so it was time they started to enjoy it lugu moved in the shiller's old mansion and bought an $80,000 gold Mercedes to drive around in he introduced himself to his neighbor is Tom and explained to them that he and his friends were part of the CIA so as not to arouse suspicion the gang were living it up on shiller's stolen money they were buying fast cars expensive drinks and burning cash in strip clubs Lugo even found a girlfriend Sabina petrescu Sabina was a stripper and lugu told her he was a music director while all this was going on Shila and dubar was scheming Shiller was heading back to Colombia to meet up with his family but was telling dubar everything he could remember about the kidnapping including the identity of Daniel lugu and George Delgado looking back to the start of the story do you remember John M the owner of the sun JY who originally signed up Lugo to work for him well he was the notary a witness basically for the documents being signed so because the bank didn't see Shila sign the documents they allowed me to act as a middleman essentially and this meant M was complicit in their extortion this is the deed to Mark schill's home and as you can see John M had notorized the deed to be handed to Lugo featuring shila's signature bear in mind at this point Shilla was being gagged and tased at the warehouse Shiller was almost certain me was doing this so Duo went to investigate M and confronted him with documents that he himself had notorized the evidence showed that M was approving signatures without ever seeing shill or not asking for IDs from the men signing the documents in front of him in John's own words he said Ed you know these Latins all look alike and du not being satisfied with this explanation called a meeting with Delgado and Lugo to find out more the pair ultimately wouldn't show up to this follow-up meeting and left to Bo waiting in the offices of John M why he would get curious he went through the trash of the office and found gold the office they were in was the very office the gang had [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] planned the whole thing the plans were in the bin for over a month just sitting there and they had the names of everyone involved in the whole scheme including John M delgardo did finally show up and met D who was hiding the mountain of evidence in his briefcase and made him an offer he said the gang would pay back Shiller over $1 million as long as they agreed to not go with the police if that sounds like a huge admission of guilt and a very stupid plan it's because it was nevertheless deis played along and said he'd be in touch however lugu had yet a another master plan up his sleeve instead of paying back $1.26 million which in his mind was his money he would alter the contract at the last minute and pay back 1.26 million Turkish ler or around $4,000 Flawless there was an ensuing back and forth of Bor and legal arguments between the gang and Schiller's legal team while this was happening the gang suspected that The Jig was almost up and cleared schill's old house out they stripped it of everything Le leaving only the fridge du was growing tired of these Shenanigans and opened up communications with the police he provided the mountain of evidence he'd found and even brought Schiller back over to give a testimony but it didn't seem to care and they even made jokes that Schiller had given an Oscar worthy performance in his account of the story it was now April of 1995 4 months after Schiller had been kidnapped the police were still refusing to take the case and deis was getting paranoid that the gang were going to strike again and he was right back to the gang Adrian had finally won the affection of a stripper he was in love with at the club he'd been flirting with her for months and finally she brought him back to her apartment she was called beatric wayand and she was beautiful but there was one problem due to the massive amount of steroids Adrian was taken he was having some issues performing in bed basically he couldn't get hard in an awkward State he started look through photos at his girlfriend's apartment and noticed a man Dr head to toe sitting on the Lamborghini after asking who it was beatric told him it was Frank griger the richest man she knew and he lived right here in Florida a light bulb moment for Adrien Frank was a very rich man originally from Hungary who made millions in the phone sex business alongside his wife Christina fton Adrien begged his new girlfriend to set up a conversation with griger and through a line of contacts he successfully set up a business meeting between griga Lugo and Adrien this was under the premise that they had a phone related business proposition and gri was interested they rolled up to the meeting in lugo's gold Mercedes wearing freshly tailored suits and Mark shiller's stolen Rolexes they ended Greer's mansion and Lugo did the targ he sweet talked Grier with Promises of massive profit and Limitless growth but they wanted serious investors only and were looking for a minimum of $1 million as investment gger was so hooked he asked the PIR can I invest more which was met with beaming smiles from the pair on the way home Adrian would keep repeating the future looks bright but the star that burns twice as bright burns out twice as quick and the burnout was coming when they got home they put together the following kidnapping pack it included the classic rope gun and taser but this time included horse tranquilizer rompen which will be important soon the next day they packed their car and Lugo and Adrien started the cruise towards Grier's Mansion they were giddy laughing to themselves and excited about the millions they were about to make but the night wouldn't turn out how they would expect the jeo met Frank and Christina at a restaurant and after their meal went to Adrian's townhouse to have some drinks and talk business while Lugal and Christina were in the main room watching TV Adrien and Frank would Retreat to the bedroom where things would start to turn sour soon enough the sounds of arguing and banging would fill the apartment coming from the bedroom as Lugo and Christina rushed to see what was happening they opened the door to see Adrien choke and gria who had a massive open head wound Christina let out a blood curdling shriek but was quickly gagged by Lugo who then injected her with the horse tranquilizer she passed out almost instantly and they gave Frank the same treatment but they overdid it and gave him a lethal dose Frank was dead and they hadn't taken any of his money they threw him in the bathtub while the rest of his blood drained and called Delgado to help clean up they needed at least something from the murder of Frank so they asked the drug up Christina for the kpad number to their locked home where Lugo had sped off to after she gave him the combination however as he hurriedly keyed in the numbers they were incorrect in a rage he phoned Adrian to get Christina to confirm the numbers however he heard a harrowing sentence he never wanted to hear the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] called Danny and Lugo just collapsed the plan had failed spectacularly he still had two dead bodies to deal with and nothing to show for it except Gregor's Lamborghini which delgardo stole while the gang were at the meal the next day they rented a U-Haul and transported the bodies back to the infamous Warehouse once the bodies were there the plan was to use a chainsaw to cut up the bodies something Callum voga may have drawn inspiration from when he dispose of a kangaroo in a similar fashion this seemingly straightforward task would fail Miser Mis ably as they assembled the chainsaws they forgot to add motor oil which caused it to burn out instantly and break they shoved the chainsaw back in the box and demanded a refund from Home Depot they then opted to buy an electric chainsaw which worked first time although Adrian was not the brightest bulb and he got the chainsaw jammed with Christina's hair [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it they thought and proceeded to use a hatchet to finish the job to minimize the chances of any remains being identified Lugo made a makeshift barbecue and stood outside the warehouse grilling the hands and feet of his victims they then ended the day by putting the bodies in the welded Shir 55 gon drums and throwing them into the river nearby it was now the end of May 1995 and the sun Jim's gang spectacular downfall was about to begin at 7:30 a.m. on the 31st of May a friend of Frank gregers spotted his car on the road which was impossible Frank had recently been reported missing he chased the car and saw saw a bodybuilder driving it and instantly recognized him as Frank's potential new business partner Daniel lugu he contacted police with this information along with dubar and the case was finally taken seriously they called Mark shill back to give yet another interview two months after they initially dismissed him and it all started to make sense the police issued arrest warrants for Lugal Adrian Delgado and John M they successfully captured them all the next day except for Lugo who had fled to nasau in the Bahamas sensing the inevitable 5 days later Lugo was captured at the hotel Monto and bundled onto a commercial flight back to the USA he was greeted with a wall of police and squad cars to which he asked is this all for me Adrien who had previously been lugo's secondhand man and his biggest admirer sat in handcuffs and watch the news play the footage of his arrest they eventually found each member of the Gang gild to some degree with most of the members serving jail time to various degrees Adrian and Lugo felt the brunt of Justice both receiving death sentences which are yet to be carried out Lugo appealed in the late '90s but was rejected and so is waiting for his final day

  Top Comments:
  1. @bigcraigyt [175 likes]: Decided to make a video in a bit of a different style! Appreciate it may not be everyone’s cup of tea, but thought I’d try something different 🙂

Back to normal programming soon 🫡
  2. @RustlerbashRC [5 likes]: 2:25 nailed the casting 😂
  3. @monicaviler [1 likes]: This story is so interesting to me
  4. @AlexJude-v5t [1 likes]: The bank robbery movie with Zack Galifianikas its a comedy but it's a true story
  5. @Cybertron-cs7sk [1 likes]: These could just be the dumbest criminals ever. Every move they made was dumb folloiwed an even dumber move, nobody said criminals are smart that's why they get caught the occasional criminal with a brain escapes justice for a short time but usually makes a mistake out of greed or despair, but these guys seem to be psychotic unable to feel empathy just tunnel driven to take this guys money making ridiculously bad choices to achieve their goals it was just luck and lazy policing that they weren't caught sooner.
  6. @michellelewis9519 [1 likes]: These guys were not smart
  7. @JonestownUSA: Crazy how they made it into a comedy smh
  8. @yoeyzee: This is the most florida movie ever
  9. @adamtifone9243: What does this have to do with my 600lb life
  10. @Destinychanged: I’ve never heard of such awful things committed by such STUPID people.
  11. @AlexJude-v5t: You gotta do.  AT CLOSE RANGE.    Staring Sean Penn and CHRISTOPHER WALKEN it's a true story
  12. @brandonmiller9662: Sock you in the mouth for that fake ass accent
  13. @briannehawks613: I remember when this case came out. I was a teenager and it was the first time I heard about the side effects of steroids.
  14. @shanewoods1980: Yes, because telling your new neighbors that you are “part of the CIA” will never arouse anyone’s suspicions now will it
  15. @fusion360games3: But these guys dont look like bodybuilders
  16. @beckton11: Did they die?
  17. @StarrStarrandStarr: That much of the story being true is outrageous
  18. @thatsweetmetaldude: 14:11 that's worth spending big money on 🔥
  19. @thatsweetmetaldude: 1.4 million dollars between 5 dudes isn't enough for everyone to buy cars and houses just saying.  Interesting though definitely looks like a really entertaining movie 🎬 ❤😂
  20. @GeneralProspecter: Pain and gain was hard to watch

- America's Wealth Disparity Exposed || The Painful Truth Behind the Broken Dream: Kind: captions Language: en America [music] is the richest country in the world that as oh why does life feel so poor for so many of us? This isn't a temporary crisis. This isn't a rough phase. This is daily life for millions of people living in a country that still calls itself the land of opportunity. And if you're living it, you don't need statistics to know it's real. But let's talk about them anyway because you need to know you're not alone. More than 38 million Americans live below the official poverty line. Over 44 million people, struggle with food insecurity every single night. More than 650,000 Americans sleep without a home, and over half of working adults cannot afford a $500 emergency. Let that sink eye in I in the wealthiest nation on earth. One unexpected bill can destroy your life. Meanwhile, the top 1% control over 30% of the country's wealth. While the bottom 50% share, just 2%. This didn't happen by accident. And we know because we lived it. We're a low-income family. That we've experienced food insecurity. That we've lived without affordable healthcare. That we've lost jobs through no fault of our own. And we've lived in a constant state of exhaustion. The kind that sleep doesn't fix. the mental exhaustion of doing everything right and still falling behind. That we followed the rules. That we [music] worked hard. We lived frugally. That we avoided debt. That we bought secondhand. That we fixed things instead of [music] replacing them. That we grew food. That we live below our means. We were told this was the formula. But no matter how disciplined we were no matter how responsible we try to be, we could never truly get ahead. [music] And neither could the people around us. For most of our lives, we live in the southern Appalachian region, East Tennessee, later Southwest Virginia to hardworking communities, good people, strong values, and endless struggle. This story isn't just about us. It's about our parents, our grandparents, our neighbors, our friends, people working in factories, construction sites, slaughter houses, schools, hospitals, caregivers, teachers, CNAs, jobs society cannot function without. Yet somehow they don't pay a living wage. Everyone working, everyone exhausted, everyone one bad month away from disaster. That constant fear, your car breaking down, getting sick, missing a few days of work point, one medical bill that wipes out everything. That's not freedom. That survival mode. And that's what life feels like for millions of Americans. That you're told to hustle harder, grind more, sacrifice more, that you're told that if you're struggling, it must be your fault. But here's the truth nobody wants to say out loud. You can work multiple jobs every single day of your life and still never afford a home, medical care, or a truly healthy food. That is not a [music] personal failure. That is what happens when a country turns basic human needs into profit opportunities. Health care becomes a business. Food becomes a commodity. Housing becomes an investment [music] asset. And people become disposable.1 in eight Americans relies on food banks or government [music] assistance just to eat. Rents have doubled in many towns while wages barely moved. Health care costs are the leading cause of bankruptcy [music] in the United States. And in rural areas, no hospitals for miles and o public transportation and o options. If you're poor in America, you're expected to survive a system that was never designed for you. Eventually, we asked ourselves a question that changed everything. What if the problem isn't us? What if the system itself is broken? Not by accident, but by design. And once we allowed ourselves to ask that question, [music] we made a decision most people don't even believe is possible that we left. We weren't chasing luxury. We weren't looking for riches. We were just trying to survive with dignity. We started traveling through Southeast Asia, Thailand, [music] Vietnam, places we've been told our entire lives were poor or third world. What we found shattered everything we thought we knew. When we left the United States, we didn't leave with a grand plan. There was no master strategy and o escape fantasy. Eno promised that everything would magically get better. We were simply exhausted. Exhausted from doing everything right and still falling behind. Exhausted from living one emergency away from losing everything. Exhausted for being told that struggle was normal. That this was just how life worked at so left. Not to chase a dream, but to breathe. What we discovered almost immediately forced us to confront an uncomfortable truth that I in countries America often labels as developing or third world. We found people living on far less money yet living far better lives. And not because they were richer, but because their societies were built differently. [music] Dot. Let's talk about healthcare because this is where the illusion completely falls apart. While traveling through Vietnam, our [music] 2-year-old suffered a head injury. Any parent knows that panic that we rushed to the emergency room, terrified, shaking, bracing ourselves for the cost. Our child was treated immediately, professionally, with care and compassion. The final bill just over $7 opposed. That same visit could cost hundreds, even thousands of dollars with insurance. That moment changed everything for us because it exposed a truth we've been conditioned not to question. Healthcare does not have to bankrupt people to function. In Thailand, there is universal healthcare. In Vietnam, over 90% of the population is covered by public health insurance. and the quality efficient [music] accessible human no one fears going to the doctor and 01 delays care because of cost and 01 chooses between rent and survival now ask yourself something honestly why is that considered impossible in America and then there's food the food here isn't a luxury that it isn't gated behind wealth it's fresh local affordable neighborhood markets on every corner vegetables fruit meat Ices grown nearby, sold by families. Even low-income households eat well, not because they're rich, but because food hasn't been fully handed over to corporations. Compare that to rural America, where processed food is cheaper than fresh food, where grocery stores are miles away, where fast food is often the only option. This isn't coincidence. That's the outcome of policy choices. And then there's community. This part hit us the hardest. I in many of these [music] countries, families live together, elders are respected, children are valued, neighbors know each other, people look out for one another, and even as foreigners, outsiders, we [music] felt safe, welcomed, included, especially with our child. That sense of belonging was something we didn't even realize we'd lost back home. Now, let's be clear. This is not about hating America. There are incredible things about being American. innovation, diversity, creativity that we still love parts of our identity. But loving something doesn't mean refusing to see its flaws. And the truth is for millions of people, life in America isn't just hard that's broken that we were told our whole lives that if we worked hard enough, sacrifice enough, kept our heads down, everything would be okay. But what we've learned overseas is this. A good quality of life isn't about chasing more money. It's about priorities. These countries aren't perfect at in all places, but they prioritize healthcare, affordable, housing, transportation, community, care, basic human dignity. While in America, those things are increasingly treated as privileges, not rights [music] that oh when people ask us, "Wasn't it scary to leave?" Our answer is always the same. No. What's scary is being one hospital visit away from losing everything. that what's scary is watching people you love break down from stress, debt, and isolation. That what's scary is knowing that no matter how hard you work, the system isn't built for you to win. That's feared. If you're struggling right now, if you're exhausted, if you feel anxious or trapped, hear this clearly. It is not your fault. You're not lazy. You're not broken. You're not failing. You are surviving inside a system that was never designed for your success. [music] It was designed to extract from you that we were all sold the same story. Work hard, follow the rules, keep grinding, [music] and you'll achieve the American dream. But for most people, that dream no longer exists. Housing costs have exploded. Health care costs have skyrocketed. Education costs have doubled. Food costs keep rising. Meanwhile, wages have barely moved in decades. Ate tea the same time. Billionaires multiply their wealth. Corporations pay little to no taxes. And ordinary people are told to budget better. This is not coincidence. This is policy. People often tell us wages are lower in those countries. And yes, that's true. But here's what they don't tell you. Even with lower wages, people can still afford housing, food, health care, transportation, and still have money left over. I in the US. Many people go into debt just to survive. Lower wages don't matter if the cost of living is humane. That we have personally lost family members due to the healthcare crisis in America. Not just lives, but homes that we've watched neighbors lose jobs, lose hope, lose everything. And still we're told it's our responsibility to fix it. But you cannot fix a system that is controlled by money when you don't have any. America has the resources that it has the wealth that it has the technology. What it lacks is the political will to prioritize people over profit. And that realization is why we left. Not because we hate America, but because we wanted to live. So here's the part we need to talk about carefully. Because not everyone can leave. And that matters. When people hear our story, some say, "That's great for you, but I can't just pack up and move to another country." And they're right. family responsibilities, health issues, immigration barriers, financial limits, emotional ties. For many people, leaving is not an option. But here's the truth that matters just as much. Even if you stay, you still deserve a life, not just [music] survival. The most dangerous thing about the system isn't just poverty. That it's normalization that you're told that being stressed is normal. That being exhausted is normal. That being constantly worried about money is normal. [music] that it's not that it's learned. And the first step toward change is questioning the story you are handed. Ask yourself this. Who benefits when I believe my suffering is my fault? Who profits when I think I just need to work harder? Who wins when I blame myself instead of the system? You're not failing because you didn't hustle enough. You're struggling because basic human needs in America have been turned into profit opportunities. Housing, healthcare, food, education. These are not luxuries. They are foundations and when a society treats foundations like products people collapse if leaving isn't an option what is the answer isn't simple but it starts with priorities not the priorities the system pushes on you but your priorities what is a good life actually mean to you is it endless consumption or health is it chasing status or peace is it isolation or community these are uncomfortable questions questions, but powerful ones because when you start answering them honestly, the system loses its grip. Maybe it means growing some of your own food, supporting local farmers, learning how to eat well on less. Maybe it means rebuilding community, talking to neighbors, sharing resources, supporting each other. Maybe it means learning financial literacy, not to get rich, but to stay free from unnecessary debt. Maybe it means rejecting hustle culture and choosing sustainability. Small choices don't fix broken systems, but they protect your humanity inside them. And then there's the hardest truth of all. Freedom doesn't always mean having more options. Sometimes it means refusing to accept what you were told was normal. The system wants you quiet, tired, ashamed, because tired people don't organize. Ashamed people don't question. Exhausted people don't imagine alternatives that we're often told. This is the best it gets. But history proves that's not true. Every major improvement in human life, labor rights, weekends, child labor laws, public education came from people refusing to accept suffering as inevitable. Not from billionaires, from ordinary people. If you're watching this and feeling overwhelmed, that's okay. You don't need to change everything today. Awareness comes before action. And awareness is powerful because once you see the system clearly, you stop blaming yourself that we want to be clear about something. This isn't about telling you what to do that. It's about reminding you of something you may have forgotten. You deserve health care without fear food without shame housing without desperation rest without guilt community without isolation. That is not entitlement. That is dignity. Leaving the United States work for us, it may not be right for everyone. But the lesson goes far beyond geography. This journey taught us that a good life is not about chasing wealth that it's about safety, connection, health, time, peace, things no system should make you earn through suffering. That if there's one thing we hope you take away from this story, it's this. You're not broken. The system is. And once you stop internalizing that failure, you start reclaiming your power. If this story resonated with you, if it put words to something you've been [music] feeling, if it made you feel less alone, then you're exactly who this was made for. That we're going to continue sharing what we learn, not just about different countries, but about different ways of living, healthier, more human, more connected. Because this isn't just about finding a new place to live, that it's about finding a new way to live. And if [music] you want to explore that journey with us, subscribe to the channel, not for answers, but for honest conversations. Thank you for being here. Thank you for listening. And most importantly, thank you for refusing to suffer in silence.

- How I Overcame Failure | Jack Ma | 馬雲/马云: Kind: captions Language: th ผมไม่เคยมีพ่อรวย ผมพยายามเข้าเรียนในมหาวิทยาลัย 3 ครั้ง แต่ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด ผมสมัครเรียนที่มหาวิทยาลัยฮาวาร์ด 10 ครั้ง ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด พวกเขาไม่ต้องการจะเจอผม ครั้งสุดท้าย ผมไปหาอาจารย์ที่มหาวิทยาลัยโดยหวังว่าพวกเขาจะพิจารณาอีกสักครั้ง 3 ใน 4 ของเพื่อนในเมืองเดียวกับผม ดังนั้นผมจึงไปผมสมัครงาน 30 ครั้ง แต่ก็ถูกปฏิเสธ มันยากมากเลยในตอนนั้น ผมรู้สึกอึดอัดมาก เพราผมสอนในมหาวิทยาลัยด้วย ค่าจ้างของผมคือ 10 ดอลล่า ต่อเดือน เพราะผมไม่สามารถหางานที่ดีกว่านี้ได้แล้ว ในปี 1994 ผมจึงคิดจะทำบางสิ่งที่รียกว่า อินเตอร์เน็ต และ 23 คนของพวกเขาก็ต่อต้านแนวคิดนี้ พวกเขาคิดว่ามันเป็นความคิดที่ไร้สาระ 'พวกเราไม่เคยได้ยินเรื่องอินเตอร์เน็ตมาก่อนและคุณก็ไม่รู้อะไรเกี่ยวกับคอมพิวเตอร์เลย' และผมก็ไม่เคยคิดว่าผมฉลาด ไม่มีใครเชื่อว่าผมจะประสบความสำเร็จ เพราะทุกคนบอกว่า ผู้ชายคนนี้คิอต่างและบ้าไปแล้ว คุณรู้อะไรไหม เขาจะคิดบางที่ไม่มีมีทางเป็นไปได้ ผมพยายามยืมเงิน 3000 ดอลล่าจากธนาคาร มันใช้เวลาถึง 3 เดือนแต่ผมก็ไม่ได้รับมัน ผมหาผู้ร่วมทุน 30 ถึง 40 คน ทุกคนตอบว่า "ไม่" ลืมมันไปซะ ผู้คนมากมายบอกว่า อาลิบาบา เป็นรูปแบบที่ห่วยมากๆ แต่ผมพูดว่า ผมเชื่อมัน และวันนึงมันจะเติบใหญ่ได้ ถ้าเรายังคงทำงานกันต่อไป ผมไม่เคยคิด่ามันจะใหญ่ได้เท่าทุกวันนี้ แต่ผมเชื่อว่าบางอย่างกำลังรอผมอยู่ตรงนั้น และผมต้องทำงานอย่างหนักเพื่อพิสูจน์ตัวเอง นั่นเป็นประสบการณ์ที่หนักหน่วง ดังนั้นเราจึงรวบรวม 5 หมื่นดอลล่า จาก 18 ผู้ก่อตั้ง พวกเราได้เริ่มแล้ว ใน 3 ปีแรก พวกเราไม่มีกำไรแม้แต่ 1 ดอลล่า ในการทำธุรกิจของพวกเรา มันไม่ใช่เรื่องง่ายเลย คุณไม่ได้เงินสักนิดเลย คุณได้ถูกร้องเรียน และแน่นอนคุณยังไม่ได้สร้างอะไรเลย นั่นและคือ อินเตอร์เน็ต ใช่แล้ว แต่นั่นคือประเด็นหรือ คุณเป็นเศรษฐีเงินล้านเหรอ ตอนนี้เหรอ ไม่ใช่หรอก คุณอยากเป็นมั้ย ว่าไงดีล่ะ ใช่ๆ ผมหวัง แต่ทำไมผมถึงยังทำมันต่อไปล่ะ เพราะผมได้รับอีเมลขอบคุณมากมายจากลูกค้า พวกเขาบอกว่านี่เป็นสิ่งที่ยอดเยี่ยม พวกเราไม่สามารถจ่ายเป็นเงินให้คุณได้ แต่มันช่วยพวกเราไว้อย่างมาก "ถ้าคุณยังเดินหน้าช่วยเหลือพวกเราต่อไป วันนึงคุณจะประสบความสำเร็จ" และผมก็เชื่อแบบนั้น ทีละน้อยทีละนิด ค่อยๆสร้างธุรกิจของเรา ทีละน้อยทีละนิดค่อยสร้างระบบเศรษฐกิจของเรา และโครงสร้างพื้นฐานอื่นๆ และตอนนี้หลังจากนั้น 16 ปี พวกเรากลุ่มบริษัทอาลิบาบา พวกเรามีกลุ่ม ที-มอล พวกเรามีกลุ่ม เทาเบา พวกเรามีอาลิเพย์ และผู้คนต่างบอกว่าพวกเรา ฉลาด คุณสร้างบริษัทเหล่านี้ขึ้นมาได้อย่างไร บิล เกท วอเรน บัพเฟท แจ๊ค เวลช์ แลรี่ เพจ มาร์ค ซัคเคอเบิร์ก ความแตกต่างระหว่างผู้คนเหล่านี้และคนอื่นๆ พวกเขาต่างมองอนาคตในแง่ดีเสมอ พวกเขาไม่เคยบ่น พวกเขาพยายามจะแก้ปัญหาให้ผู้อื่นเสมอ เมื่อคุณมองโลกในแง่ดี นั่นคือโอกาสเสมอ ผู้คนมักจะพูดสิ่งเดียวกันเสมอ "แจ๊ค โอกาสอยู่ที่ไหนล่ะ?" "ผมไม่มีงาน ผมไม่มีนั่น ผมไม่มีนี่" สมบัติที่วิเศษที่สุดที่คุณมีคือคุณยังหนุ่ม อย่าบ่น จงปล่อยให้คนอื่นบ่น โอกาสจะวางรออยู่ตรงนั้นเสมอเมื่อผู้อื่นบ่น คิดถึงวิธีที่จะทำให้เกิดสิ่งที่แตกต่าง และเมื่อคุณคิดถึง จงเริ่มลงมือทำ ผมเห็นผู้คนมากมาย คนหนุ่มสาว เกิดความคิดที่น่าอัศจรรย์ในทุกๆค่ำคืน แต่ในตอนเช้า พวกเขาก็ไปทำงาน เหมือนเดิมทุกวัน ถ้าคุณอยากเป็นผู้ประกอบการจริงๆ คุณต้องลงมือทำก่อนที่ผู้อื่นจะเริ่มทำ คุณต้องตื่นก่อนที่คนอื่นๆจะตื่นขึ้น คุณต้องมีความกล้ามากกว่าผู้อื่น เมื่อผมยังหนุ่ม ผมเดินทางไปทะเลสาปฮันโจวตะวันตก ที่นั่นมีโรงแรมที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมากมายเข้ามาพัก และทุกวันเวลา 5 โมงเช้า ผมไปที่นั่น เพื่อไปฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ เมื่อนักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมา ผมก็ฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ ตอนนั้นผมก็ไม่รู้ว่าทำไม แต่ผมก็ค้นพบทุกสิ่ง สิ่งที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติบอกผม มันช่างแตกต่างกัน กับสื่อที่พ่อแม่ผมบอก สิ่งที่ครูสอน และสิ่งที่ผมได้อ่านจากหนังสือพิมพ์ ดังนั้นผมจึงคิดทุกอย่างเองจากสมองของผม ใช้สมองของคุณคิด สำหรับทุกๆคน พรุ่งนี้คือวันใหม่เสมอ จงเคลื่อนไหว จงลงมือทำ ไม่ว่านักลงทุนจะเชื่อมันหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าเพื่อนของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าพ่อแม่ของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ นั่นไม่สำคัญ คุณเชื่อ ทีมงานของคุณเชื่อ และทำใช้วลาทั้งกลางวันและกลางคืนทำมัน สร้างความผิดพลาดให้มากพอ เมื่อคุณล้มเหลว คุณก็ยืนขึ้น ถ้าคุณอยากจะทำงานเพื่อตนเอง จงนึกถึงผู้อื่น เพราะเพียงแค่ผู้อื่น ประสบความสำเร็จ เมื่อคนอื่นๆมีความสุข คุณก็จะสำเร็จ คุณก็จะมีความสุข อย่ากังวลเรื่องเงิน เงินมันวิ่งตามคน ผู้คนควรวิ่งตามความฝัน เมื่อคุณมีความฝัน แค่ลุยกับมัน

  Top Comments:
  1. @mathissuck-10d [8 likes]: Be optimistic
I don't complain 
I am young
I promise to myself make the move make action
Get up from failure
Never lose hope
  2. @Sochi-w7i [6 likes]: This man is a genius , we are celebrating him
  3. @larkspur_july2 [3 likes]: Anybody who is read my comment kindly like it .



Because my will power betrays me alot ... and if you like my comment it will pop up and i will smile ❤❤
  4. @PiqDrop-App [3 likes]: When I feel like given up. I just come back to listen to this video.! Thanks!
  5. @RealGFastlaner [2 likes]: If it wasn't for the government Jack Ma would be richer than Elon Musk
  6. @sheilanangira [2 likes]: He is a Wonderful person 💝.
Thank you for sharing your story and inspiring us always 😮.
It's like I am walking the same journey as Jackma 😅.
I will never give up because I am building a story and testimony 😅.
  7. @herroyal.agency [1 likes]: This is so inspiring. WOW. I am proud of you Jack Ma!! Your story literally gave me chills - always believe in yourself <3
  8. @IsaacTyoumbur [1 likes]: I think this is the guy we should follow ❤
  9. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Inspiring.
  10. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Thank you.
  11. @mawanthadeeganu4986 [1 likes]: I tried too✨️
  12. @shahidAkhtarkhan-n5o [1 likes]: This time jack ma os a very beautiful 🤪
  13. @ZonadeBuscadoresdelaVerdad950: Great Knowledge
  14. @247Empowerment: This was so powerful! 💡
  15. @EliteTalks313: ❤❤❤
  16. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:50 ❤
  17. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:00 😮
  18. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 3:45
  19. @KAGconcerts: Wow!
  20. @AymanAyman-yh8py: You can add Arabic voice translation.

- Why More Americans Are Being Pushed Into Poverty | CNBC Marathon: Kind: captions Language: en 63% of workers say they wouldn't be able to cover a $500 emergency expense. Most people don't have $1,000 in the bank. Most people cannot handle a tire blowout, or they're going to put it on credit. Americans now carry more than $1 trillion in credit card debt. The official poverty measure in the US today is based on calculations from the mid 1960s. It's also a system that is pervasive in actually creating poverty situations. Poverty leads to more anxiety. It leads to more stress. It leads to more health problems. 37.9 million. That's the number of Americans currently living in poverty, accounting for 11.6% of the total population. That's despite the fact that America ranks first as the richest nation in the world in terms of GDP. The United States is known for having this great abundance, and at the same time, alongside that abundance, there is widespread poverty and economic insecurity. Sometimes you you question, you know, we're in the United States of America, how can the citizens be going through such a issue? We always boast that we're a superpower, that we are the richest in the world and things just don't make sense. Poverty in the US had been steadily improving over the past decade, from a height of 48.8 million people living in poverty in 2013 to 30 4,000,000 in 2019. That was until the pandemic changed its course. COVID absolutely had a very deep impact on the access to employment and long term employment for a number of families that were already vulnerable for various reasons. Prior, it was myself and my two older brothers, along with my stepdad, that constantly worked to provide for everyone in the house. But after Covid 19 and the whole lockdown, we were laid off and ever since then we have had issues finding a job. Poverty is expensive. About 11% of the federal budget, or $665 billion, goes to economic security programs. Child poverty alone is estimated to cost the US over $1 trillion. Based on the latest research from 2018. There are also really high costs. On an individual level, poverty leads to more anxiety. It leads to more health problems, all kinds of things that amplify the effect of poverty. The feelings that you would usually encounter when you're in this position is mostly depression. Why can't I find a job? Why are we in this situation? You know, we're trying our best and sometimes it's just falling back down on our face. So how did poverty become such a big issue in the United States, and why is it so difficult to end it? Income inequality is one of the big reasons why the US suffers from such high rates of poverty. The income for the top 10% was more than 13 times higher than income at the bottom 10%, according to the US census. We unfortunately, in the United States are at the very high end in terms of income inequality. And so what happens is when the distance gets further and further away, the rungs on the ladder get further away, and it's harder for people to climb those rungs out of poverty into the middle and to the upper class. The pandemic has made inequality worse. The Gini index, which measures the nations income inequality, rose for the first time in a decade by 1.2% in 2021. The reason the pandemic has made that worse is because when you talk to large organization corporations, what they saw was that staff was leaving, but they had a response to that, right? Their response was, let's give bonuses. Let's give raises. Many organizations, many small businesses, government, they don't have that luxury. So inflation has kept up with the money that most people in the 1% have made. But it has deepened and widened the gap between those that have money and those that do not. Research by MIT estimates that the living wage in the United States is $24.16 per hour for a family of four, but the federal minimum wage is set at $7.25 per hour. This means that a typical family of four needs to work more than two full time minimum wage jobs to earn a living wage, and single parent families need to work significantly harder. We worked at a banquet hall, any sort of party, we would set it up come early, set the tables, dishes, plates, silverware, everything. You name it. We worked for $15 an hour. It was really bad, I would say. We were really overworked, um, 13 hour shifts. Sometimes. We were really frustrated with where we were, but at the same time it was like, what do we do if we leave? You know, we were at that stage of like, yeah, we hate this job, but we have to keep it to continue going. Problems with wages are especially worse for workers of certain races. If we're looking at the broader population of people who are poor or low income, meaning one emergency away from being poor, we're talking about approximately 140 million people out of the 140 million, well over 70 million people, well over half of that population are people of color. The US also suffers from a lack of social safety nets that protect Americans from poverty. If you look at, for example, the amount of cash that people might get if they're low income, it's very, very minimal. Right now, we receive welfare, and it's roughly around $250 for my household of seven. And it actually has helped us a lot. Sometimes the numbers really don't make sense, because how can a large family just live off a couple hundred dollars? Especially now in this day and age where you go to the grocery store, you spend in a few items $100. Most countries, for example, European countries, have what's known as a child allowance, where if you have a child, you get a certain amount of monthly income to help raise that child. That's pretty common. But in the United States, we don't have anything like that. And in the United States we don't have universal benefits, for example, health care or child care. It's also a system that many times is pervasive in actually creating poverty situations. So I'll give you an example. If I'm eligible for Medicaid today, and I'm also eligible for cash assistance, and I'm also eligible for Snap, if I get a job that provides me even a little bit closer out of poverty, I lose all those benefits immediately, which means that I'm incentivized if I need health care for my children and I have a job that's not going to provide it right away to not look for employment, that is going to pay me an amount that's going to make me ineligible for certain benefits. Right? So while people are working really hard for upward mobility, the systems that we have in place don't give them the grace to be able to come out of poverty and provide their own agency to actually create the opportunity for upward mobility. 1960s. It's calculated by comparing pretax income against a threshold set at three times the cost of minimum diet in 1963. A large number of federal programs still rely on this measure to figure out who is eligible for assistance and welfare. The researcher, whose work became the basis of that measure, never intended it to be used in the way that it currently is, both as a widespread measure of poverty, but then as the basis of all of these different social welfare programs and allocations of resources towards those programs. It doesn't take certain very obvious indicators into consideration. To start, it looks at pretax income, which is not what I'm taking home every day. So that doesn't make sense. It also doesn't look at different family compositions, which absolutely impacts how a family may spend money. If I am the type of family that has both of my parents living with me, I'm going to spend more. It doesn't look at expenses around food or childcare, so in many ways it's incredibly out of date because it has not kept up with the way life has changed for most Americans. As a response to these criticisms, the Supplemental Poverty Measure was developed in 2011 as an improvement over the existing measure. It incorporates into the measurement both the cost of basic needs like food, clothing, utilities, but also government transfers and programs. So you could see the effect of government programs in addressing poverty and economic insecurity. It also takes into account geographical differences. So the supplemental poverty threshold is more of a range depending on where you live, your household size and what your housing status is. So it is more comprehensive in that way. It's an improvement on the official poverty measure. But some experts argue that even these supplemental poverty measure isn't a perfect method. While it looked to close the gap on certain indicators that the original poverty measure was not taking into consideration, it did not go far enough. Food is one of those places where we are still not taking into account what food may cause in a state like New York versus a state like Mississippi. So if you have a universal brush for the whole country, you're going to miss a number of people that are either at risk of falling into poverty or are already technically living in poverty, but are not counted by the measure. The Census Bureau told CNBC that both the official poverty measure and the Supplemental Poverty Measure provide a consistent data of poverty measurement, and that the Bureau continually strives to innovate and improve the design and measurement of their well-being statistics. This difficulty in measuring poverty has also led some experts to argue that poverty isn't as serious of an issue as it's made to believe. Poverty in the United States, in the way it's normally understood, is not a big issue at all. It's deliberately miscounted. Okay, so the reality is that we have poverty in the United States because the census ignores the entire welfare state when it goes to count poverty. You count poverty by saying, well, a household has an income, say less than $26,000 a year, but all the welfare benefits are 95% of the welfare benefits are not counted, and they also undercount earnings by about 50%. Therefore, you have a lot of poverty, basically, because most of the resources that these folks have are not counted. Unless we can get an accurate number of just how prevalent poverty is in the United States, attempting to eradicate it is close to impossible. When we don't have those numbers, lot of folks who are making policy decisions are flying blind. Whether I'm a large corporation that is looking to invest in an organization or in a city, or whether I am a public official that is trying to figure out how much snap is enough snap. If I don't have a baseline, there's no way I'm ever going to be solving the problem. If Covid has proven anything. Poverty is an issue that can be resolved with the right policy. Government assistance led to a significant decline in the Supplemental Poverty Measure, lifting 45.4 million Americans out of poverty during the height of the pandemic. Policy, I would say, is one of our strongest tools in fully addressing and eradicating poverty. It is where we can define what the problems are, accurately measure what the problems are, and then design and implement the programs we need to address the true extent of poverty. A really good example that I'll use is that of the elderly. This is the one real success story in the United States, as we've really been able to reduce the poverty rates amongst the elderly as a result of primarily Social Security and Medicare. So if we didn't have those programs today, poverty rates for the elderly would go from about 10% to 40%. And that shows you the dramatic impact that government programs and policies can have on reducing poverty. Figuring out a more accurate method of measuring poverty is a vital step in eradicating the issue. I would begin with changing how we define and measure poverty to include the full extent of economic insecurity. Another way of measuring poverty, and this is a way that European countries and other countries use, is what's known as a relative measure. And so they say, if you fall below 50% of median income, then we're going to count you in poverty. So if the median income was $70,000 and you fell below 35,000, you'd be counted as being in poverty. More targeted social programs could also have a significant impact on the impoverished community. Some of those programs may include an expanded child tax credit, the kind of which we saw in 2021 when it was expanded during the pandemic, raising the minimum wage immediately to at least $15 an hour, but then moving towards a living wage and guaranteeing that everybody who wants to work can work as a guaranteed ability and access to a good paying job. I think a really straightforward solution that that people have been talking about more recently is the idea of a universal basic income. So here the idea is that if poverty is a lack of income, then a very straightforward way is to transfer some income. Here's the analogy I would use to get people to shift their way of thinking. And it's the analogy of musical chairs. Let's say we have ten people playing in eight chairs available now. Who's going to win and lose at that game? Well, if we focus on the individual level factors, people that were in a bad position when the music stopped and so on. But if we focus on the structure of the game, then two people are going to lose out regardless of the individual attributes. And that's what's going on here in the United States. We're focusing on people aren't working hard enough. They're not doing this. They're not doing that when really the problem is that there aren't enough chairs in the game. More than half of Americans with an income of $100,000 a year or higher say they're living paycheck to paycheck. This may be the result of a sneaky behavioral phenomenon called lifestyle creep. Lifestyle creep is the common pattern of making a little more money and starting to spend a little bit more money. It happens almost automatically. I think people hold these benchmarks in their mind. If I reach this position or I get this promotion or I make it to this age, then I can live this life, or then I deserve to have these things, and then they kind of go a little crazy or go a little wild on it, and then it becomes like a trade off, like they only can enjoy their present happiness and they're not able to save or plan for the future. There's nothing wrong with wanting nice things. The mental, emotional reason why we want to acquire more is generally rooted in this need for like, your perceived value. Like we live in a world where like the nicer car you drive, the higher your perceived value is. Six out of every ten people surveyed said that paying for everyday expenses negatively impacted their mental health. It does take a lot of joy from just life and always being in this scarcity mindset, when there isn't necessarily a scarcity to fear. Here's why Americans feel like they're constantly struggling to keep their paycheck, even when they start making more money. So you get a new job and you have a little bit of a pay bump. Suddenly there's a little more room in your budget. You know, maybe you do some small upgrades, like you eat out rather than cook at home, or buy those Taylor Swift tickets or upgrade your music subscriptions. Anything like that is an example of lifestyle creep. It's just these little upgrades that are very hard to undo financially or even psychologically once you've made them. A lot of people have this scarcity mindset around money, and they spend so much of their lives saving, saving, saving. And so there can be this point where if you're constantly saving your whole life, and then you finally reach this marker of financial success, or you finally reach this big paycheck number, you feel like you finally deserve to enjoy your life. The idea that people save and they just hit a point where they feel like they deserve it. I fully disagree with that. Most people don't have $1,000 in the bank, like most people cannot handle a tire blowout, or they're going to put it on credit. There's no financial literacy, no financial education that happens. The average person does not think about lifestyle inflation at all. I think it's something that's not even on the average person's radar. Coming out of the pandemic, there was a strong desire to go out and splurge on experiences, maybe take a trip. This is often referred to as revenge spending or revenge travel. Research shows that young adults are particularly susceptible to this. They feel discouraged by higher prices and, you know, making ends meet. So they might feel like they'll never have enough money to retire anyway. They might as well enjoy themselves now, unlike perhaps their parents were. Young adults need to be more responsible for their retirement because a lot of the safety nets that maybe their parents had, like a pension, no longer exist or are extremely rare, so they need to contribute to their own 401K if they want to shore up their financial security. There's something about spending a little more than we should that can feel like rebellious or bad, and it often can be a reaction to our family culture around money or parentified or internalized rules around what we can give ourselves. And some people might overspend as like revenge against these rules, and some might look at someone who's overspending and think and kind of label them as all bad or all good. And there can be a lot of guilt and anxiety around the consequences. Spending is a way for us to meet one need, one another isn't met. I was 19 years old when I entered my first corporate job. I was still figuring out how to adult as well as how to be in this, you know, corporate world, make an income, which for sure led to overspending. You know, I was sad, so I would shop. I was getting serotonin through shopping. Then that led to me accumulating over $30,000 of credit card debt, and I had to figure out how the heck I was going to pay that off. When you're spending is dictated by emotions or depriving yourself or holding back your needs, that's when it becomes problematic. I generally like to think of lifestyle inflation in sort of two buckets. You have like your general idea of what lifestyle inflation is, which is the buying fancy cars, the buying nice things along those lines. And then there is lifestyle creep that's more like regular everyday things that if you're living paycheck to paycheck, you're going without, like going to the dentist, getting oil changes on your car. Right? There was a time in my life when oil change was just like, not even a priority. Like I'm trying to keep tires on my car. I'm trying to keep it running. I'm trying to keep the registration paid. I'm not concerned about an oil change. Right. More than 60% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck as of September 2023. That, along with inflation, can have serious financial consequences. Many Americans also don't have emergency savings to fall back on. You know, there's that saying being poor is really expensive, because then when it is time to get basic maintenance on your car, it ends up being way more expensive than you were planning on it being because you haven't done basic maintenance. And that can go well beyond car trouble. 46% of Americans said they have a balance on their credit card because of an emergency expense, according to a Creditcards.com survey, 10% coming from car problems, 11% to cover unexpected medical bills and 10% for home repairs. Because of inflation and higher prices nearly across the board, people have been having a harder time making ends meet, and often that means turning to credit cards to fill in the gap between what you need to buy and what you can actually afford. Credit card rates are over 20%. That's the highest interest that you'll likely find anywhere unless you're getting a payday loan. Credit card debt can really spiral out of control, and pretty quickly. The solution to get what you need when you're in a position when you don't have it, it really is to just make more money. It sounds like a simple solution, but it also sounds like a condescending one, right? You tell somebody who like, is doing the best that they can that like they need to make more money. The solution to make more money isn't really realistic. The experts that I talked to said, it's okay to treat yourself as long as you've built in a buffer in case something comes up and you want to be able to find that balance between enjoying your life and your emotional well-being and your financial well-being. Gabriela Flores describes herself as a recovering super saver. I would describe a super saver as someone who maybe is now in a position where they do have some sort of income, some sort of stability, but it's a certain mindset that keeps you in scarcity mode and afraid to spend on things that you may need or want, and kind of affect your lifestyle in that way. My way of saving it was to hoard it. And the tough part is that saving for the sake of saving, it's not very reinforcing, but it can kind of be addictive. And there's momentum in that. I wouldn't advise going to that extreme. It does take a lot of, I don't know, a lot of joy from just life and always being in this scarcity mindset when there isn't necessarily a scarcity to fear. After working with a wealth coach, I continued to save because I was still very kind of would put me at ease in that scarcity mindset. Like I felt at ease having kind of my savings. I continued to save money, but in a more intentional way, with the intention being of spending it. When you're in scarcity, you're feeling this anxiety. My first thing that I like to tell individuals is forgive yourself for what you've done in survival mode. I think I like to divide it between, you know, what's essential, what's, you know, an actual bill type of expense versus a lifestyle. What's a choice that you, you know, take on to, to spend money, for example, a choice to go out drinking and having fun. And there's also but there's also not the choice you have to make that car payment. You also have to put gas in that car for it to go right. So there's things that you can't avoid and there's things that you have a choice to do and you can adjust. Value based spending is what I teach. And it's where you sit down and you really evaluate one. Where am I spending my money right now, and am I being reactive, or am I being proactive in that? Am I spending my money in places that really have value for me, or am I spending my money in places that I think I should be spending my money because of outside influences? And once you have an idea of where your money is going right now and looking at am I aligned with this? Is this is something that I actually value. The goal here is to find balance. It's about finding ways to spend in the moment, and also how you want to spend your money in the future. So it's about enjoying your life, but not being so focused in a future that hasn't come yet or too much focus on the present. The idea is having your cake and eating it too. You can have bites of your cake right now and then save some cake for later. The US economy has been on recession watch for months now, and so far the all important American consumer has been holding strong, keeping those recession forecasts from becoming true. Consumer is still spending. Consumer is in better shape. If they have money, they're going to spend it. Consumers continuing to be resilient. The consumer health has been resilient so far this year. Consumer resilience is about to be tested. card debt going into the holiday shopping season. The Federal Reserve's rate hikes have caused average interest rates for credit cards to spike to more than 22%. Rates on retail credit cards are even higher, nearing 29% on average. Despite this, the holiday season shows no signs of a slowdown as each shopper is prepared to spend almost $900 on average this year, according to an NRF survey. The U.S consumer is walking towards a cliff, basically. The state of the consumer will be in focus in the post holiday season, as economists will want to know, can American consumers handle racking up a record amount of credit card debt, and if it will lead into more delinquencies. This is the first time credit card debt has topped $1 trillion in America. That amount includes both revolving balances and balances paid off at the end of the billing cycle. Consumers are increasingly reliant on credit cards to finance purchases of everyday goods and services, and that's because they're just getting a lot more expensive. At the same time, their wages are not increasing at the same pace as inflation, and that makes it more difficult because as the credit card balance increases, it can be more challenging for consumers to pay down that debt. The excess savings that Americans lined their pockets with during the Covid 19 pandemic is largely now spent. High inflation and interest rates have made everything more expensive. Normal costs like groceries, gas and housing are all rising. Add in the resumption of student loan repayments and it's creating the perfect rising debt storm. Americans are skipping out on some of their credit card payments because household budgets are squeezed due to higher borrowing costs. Another factor for the rising debt is the increase of credit card users. More than 70 million new accounts have been opened since 2019. That year, 65% of Americans owned a credit card, and after contraction and issuance due to the pandemic, the amount of Americans owning a credit card rose to 69% in 2023. Credit cards can be like power tools. They could be really useful, or they could be dangerous. It's all about how you use them. Typically, after the holiday season, credit card debt levels drop as consumers pay down their shopping balances. But at the start of 2023, it remained unchanged, and now shoppers are prepared to spend even more than 2022. Holiday shoppers do plan to spend more, according to a survey and the forecasts done by the National Retail Federation. They found that people plan to spend about $40 more than they did last year, and that could be in part because of higher prices in some categories. There is still this deal seeking mentality for items, and so that may mean that people are going to look for whatever is on sale, along with seeking newness. Americans planning to flood the mall with their retail credit cards may be shocked when the bill comes, because those cards are carrying a higher interest rate than years prior. In fact, some are starting to rise to rates that only subprime borrowers see rates exceeding 33%. Some retailers have already noticed that credit card delinquencies have ticked up, and that may mean that people are struggling to make payments and could again be a warning sign. Big box retailers like Macy's and Nordstrom have already flagged a slowdown of repayments on their credit cards over the summer, showcasing a potential risk to retail revenue this season. The average consumer has around a $6,000 credit card balance, 4 to $600 monthly student loan payment, high rent and car loan payments. Americans may wonder if it's even possible to keep their heads afloat. This tip for credit card debt payoff actually is to get a 0% balance transfer card, so you move your existing high cost debt to this new card with a 0% promotional rate. Credit card balances saw the largest increase of all debt types this year, $45 billion. And compared to other debt types, credit cards typically hold the highest interest rates. Any extra money should probably go to the credit card, just because that's likely to be your highest cost debt by a wide margin. A boon for consumers may come from Congress capping Credit Card Interest Rates Act. If passed, the bill would cap Apr for credit cards at 18%. Prevent credit card companies from imposing new fees to evade the cap, and impose penalties on credit card companies that violate the cap. But all eyes are still on the fed. We're not really sure where the Federal Reserve is going to be taking interest rates next. If they continue to hike rates, it could be more difficult for borrowers to pay down the debt if they reduce interest rates. However, it will take some pressure off consumers and they might be able to start making more consistent payments and reduce those delinquency rates.

  Top Comments:
  1. @karimero102 [212 likes]: The hardest-working people are often the ones earning the least, yet the media shames them for not working longer hours even with poverty wages. Nearly 40% of workers rely on state support, not because they lack work ethic, but because the system is designed this way through greed and exploitation.
  2. @LifofLarry [1 likes]: Capitalism is not working for many people and govt provides little help..corporations would fire everybody if they had robots
  3. @kewsiyehboah9514 [1 likes]: USA..
Over ( 900 ) Billionaire's..
Combined Wealth ( $7.8 Trillion )..
All The Best Folks..
  4. @Lamarsa1988: Because their sweat money is used to afford the dolce vitae to the settlers in occupied Palestine 😢
  5. @tramelcombs8493: Are you kidding me know who they know who got money?They don't need you to be on the same level as them.So you're always gonna be poor what are we talking about here?Never gonna fix it
  6. @richardt6980: It's 2026 and it's worse now and the future even more dire
  7. @mikedrake6164: Free ride train has left the station
  8. @leahbalandis980: If American consumers decide they will not spend their dollars to the Amazon or the Apple or whatever else we can take back the cost.. I deleted Apple iTunes Netflix and any other recurring payment out of spite… can I afford it yes but I ain’t taking it anymore.. they should not have record profit!!
  9. @leahbalandis980: I think more variables happen like community… rural communities are more isolated and harder to see how bad situations are… city is easier to see and get to.. … while location is considered access is another factor
  10. @th-cc6ei: TIRED OF IMMIGRANTS EXPLOITING THE COUNTRY. THEY GET TO WORK FED TAX FREE..
  11. @th-cc6ei: And more people are getting rich in the same economy. Standards are high these days. Millionaire lifestyle is expected on minimum wage.
  12. @angelachanelhuang1651: READ THE JOB DESCRIPTION
  13. @makenziemiller2537: I need someone to breakdown why rent at apartments fluctuate SO MUCH. 😭
  14. @BumsLionus: And meanwhile... we'll keep introducing technologies into the equation making matters even worse. The rich get richer, the poor stays poor. And the middle class....heading into the poor house
  15. @hollycossin5614: It's been this way for almost the past 20 years, ever since the housing market collapse of 2008. Then came COVID and this country has never really recovered, it's just finally experiencing the fallout from  the collective catastrophes.
  16. @MrDle185: Love how they start with blaming people and calling it Lifestyle creep. Just pass on Avocado and Starbucks and you will be rich. Capitalism is the reason for poverty. When a billion company can fire 30,000 via email without giving reason and severance, that leads to poverty.
  17. @mukainoda9453: over 600, 000 000 Chinese living  below poverty level
  18. @anthonyboynton9192: America's higher ups hate us. No help is coming. It's time to do something people. Let's organize
  19. @helenubina6968: NOTICE!  American's!  Not Illegals, They are doing well.
  20. @karenayochim9137: I wish the background music would be louder and more repetitive.. would make for a better experience all around 🫠🙃😬

- 10 POWERFUL Stories of Addiction (& Recovery) | Rich Roll Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Addiction doesn't discriminate. It doesn't care how rich, how successful, how fit or good looking you are. It doesn't care if you deny having it. But if you are truly indeed a drug addict or an alcoholic, it will take you down every time. (upbeat music) 20 years ago, I was that guy. I was broken, lost, utterly alone. My mornings typically began with a vodka tonic in the shower, it generally ended up in a blackout coming too and all manner of strange compromising situations with no idea what I'd done or where I'd been. Other than this vague, but very real feeling of just incomprehensible demoralization. There was nothing sexy, romantic or rock and roll about it. It was really just sad and pathetic. And of course I knew I was an alcoholic. I'd known it forever. But no matter how many times I tried to stop, I just couldn't because there's a huge difference between self knowledge and actual change. I was unable to change until I was willing to let go of everything, everything I thought I knew about how to live, how to think, how to be, and simply raise my hand and let other people help me. Amazingly, I did find a way out. And today my life is just a miracle. A miracle I could have not possibly imagined when I came to in that treatment center 23 years ago. So if you're one of the many millions out there that's suffering in the darkness, unable to grasp the light, here's the truth. The truth is, you never have to use or drink again. There is a solution. It's a solution that's available to all, no matter how dire your circumstances. And that solution begins with a decision. A decision to set aside that fear of the unknown, raise your hand and ask for help. It's saved my life, and it can save yours too. If you're one of those suffering in silence, please don't wait to ask for help. Pause the podcast now and call one of the phone numbers in the description below. My story is just one out of the entirety of addicts throughout history, and out of the 45 million Americans alone dealing with addiction in some form living today. Given this ubiquity, I felt compelled to dedicate this third installment of our deep dive masterclass series to share stories and share wisdom on the subject of addiction, from some of the best guests I've ever had on the show, and to shedding light on a topic that has in so many countless ways shaped the trajectory of my life. For those unaware of this new semi-regular format, what follows is a compilation of 10 incredible and unique perspectives on addiction, on recovery, taken from previous episodes. And it is my hope that these stories can bring you greater understanding, greater empathy, and perhaps even a modicum of peace. And for those currently suffering, even motivation to stop using and get help. Our recent episode with Dr. Anna Lembke seems like the best way to begin. Anna is a professor of psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine, and chief of the Stanford Addiction Medicine Dual Diagnosis Clinic. She is widely published, has testified before Congress, and has authored two important books; "Drug Dealer, MD," and her newest, "Dopamine Nation." Which is this really powerful primer on how to moderate compulsive over-consumption in a world where unfortunately feeling good has become confused with the highest good. Our original conversation was important, it was impactful. And truly an addiction primer within itself worthy of adding to your queue for later. But for now, please enjoy this powerful clip from my interview with Dr. Anna Lembke. So why don't we define our terms here a little bit? Like how do you define addiction? I define addiction as the continued compulsive use of a drug or behavior despite harm to self and/or others. How do you define it? I mean, that's the standard definition. Yeah? Yeah. And how does that, like, as I mentioned at the opening, there's alcoholism, there's drug addiction. There are some qualitative differences between substance addiction and behavioral addictions. And now that we're in this world where everything has an addictive allure to it, do you qualify our relationship with our devices and online shopping and gambling in the same way? Like, with this idea of addiction being a spectrum, how does it differ in terms of like our relationship to Twitter versus our relationship to heroin? I don't really see all that much difference between those things. I think it's just a matter of degree. I mean, I've had, for example, journalists writing for esteemed publications call me to interview me about sex addiction. And say to me, "Well, it's not really an addiction, is it? I mean, it's really just about cultural morals around what's acceptable sexual behavior and what isn't." And I've had to correct that person say, "No, you're wrong. This is really an addiction. It can devastate lives. People can lose their lives over these problems." I mean, this is what I really wanna drive home to people; like, yeah, there are many risk factors for addiction, but you can have none of those risk factors in today's world and get really addictive. Well, let's talk about the neurochemistry of addiction. Walk me through what's happening in our brains and the role that dopamine plays in all of this. Yeah, so dopamine is a neurotransmitter, which means that it is the molecule that allows the electrical signal from the presynaptic neuron to be communicated to the postsynaptic neuron, because there's a little gap called the synapse between those two neurons. So neuro-transmitters allow fine tuning of those electrical signals. And dopamine is the most important neurotransmitter involved in motivation and reward. And the fundamental difference between things that are addictive and those that aren't, is that things that are addictive release a lot more dopamine. So we have dopamine firing in our brain, that occurs at a tonic baseline. And when we do something that's rewarding or pleasurable, we get a little rise in dopamine levels or a spike. So for example, chocolate increases dopamine levels about 50% above baseline. Sex is about 100%. Nicotine is about 150%. And things like methamphetamines are 1000%. Really, you have to imagine that in your brain, there's a balance, like a teeter-totter and a playground. When we experience pleasure, the balance tips one way, when we experience pain, it tips the other. But one of the fundamental rules governing that balance is that it wants to remain level. So with any deviation from neutrality, the brain will work very hard to restore a level of balance or what's called homeostasis. So for example, if I do something pleasurable, like eat a piece of chocolate, I get a little tip to the side of pleasure, a little release of dopamine. But no sooner than that has happened, then my brain adapts to that phenomenon by down-regulating my own dopamine receptors, down-regulating my own dopamine transmission. And I imagine that as these little gremlins hopping on the pain side of the balance to bring it level again. But the thing about the gremlins is they like it on the balance, ao they stay on until the balance is tipped an equal and opposite amount to the side of pain. And that's called the opponent process reaction, the hangover, the come down, the after effect. And in my case, that's that moment of wanting another piece of chocolate. If I wait long enough, the gremlin hotspot hops off and balance's restored. But if I continue to consume chocolate in ever larger amounts to overcome the tolerance of the number of gremlins on the pain side, then I end up with enough gremlins on the pain side of my balance to fill this whole room. And I'm essentially in a dopamine deficit state with a balanced tilted to the side of pain. Now I have to keep using not to feel good, but just to feel normal. And when I stop using, my balance tips hard to the side of pain, I'm irritable, I'm depressed, I'm anxious, I can't sleep. Those are the universal symptoms of withdrawal from any addictive substance. And that can last a long time. We live in a world in which we are saturated with dopamine and we live in a culture which encourages us to pursue it. But the ultimate end result of pursuing dopamine is to feel worse than when you started. And this is really the central message. People are more depressed, more anxious, more suicidal, and more addicted than they were 30 years ago. And I contend that one of the main reasons is because of this relentless pursuit of pleasure that essentially adjusts the dopamine levels, changes the hedonic or pleasure set point to make people anhedonic, meaning without joy. And one curious thing for me back to the neurochemistry is, you know, why someone becomes, if this dopamine neurotransmitter pathway that you're speaking about seems to be a general quality of all humans, why do some people get addicted and why some people don't. And for example, like alcohol is my drug of choice, gambling which debilitates a lot of people carries no charge for me at all. Like I just couldn't be less interested in it. Like, how does that work? Is that where genetics and nurturing and all kinds of other things come into play? I think we're all gonna get addicted to something, because now that special key that works for each of our individual locks, it's out there somewhere, and the worldwide web will allow us to find it. Having said that, it is true that people bring different degrees of vulnerability to the process of addiction. We do know that about 50 to 60% of the risk of becoming addicted is genetic. That's based on family studies, showing that if you have a biological parent or grandparent addicted to alcohol, you are at increased risk of becoming an alcoholic yourself, even if you're raised outside of the alcoholic home in a non-using home. So that's powerful genetics. It's polygenic, it's complex, we don't fully understand it. It's thought to be related to things like impulse control, ability to delay gratification, emotional dysregulation. But we don't really know what it is. Other risk factors include co-occurring psychiatric disorders. People with psychiatric disorders are more likely to develop an addiction. And also how you were raised. If you had a traumatic experience, as we've talked about, that puts you at risk. If you have parents who have explicitly or implicitly condoned substance use, either for recreation or as a coping strategy, Things like poverty, unemployment, that puts you at risk. So there are lots and lots of risk factors. But I think that the major risk factor in the modern world and one which is generally ignored, is simple access. If you have access to a drug, you are more likely to try it and more likely to get addicted to it. And now, as we've talked about, we live in a world of virtually infinite access. Yeah, you say, there's a quote in the book something along the lines of, there is something that will addict you and it's coming to a website near you. Right, you're right. I don't know about you, but I found that conversation to be an absolute gift. And with that definition and understanding of addiction in mind, we move now to a firsthand account of what life as an addict is actually like. And we began with an account of what is perhaps the most powerful neurochemical dependence, opioid addiction. Here's what we know. There were nearly 70,000 overdose deaths in 2020 alone that involved opioids. Every hour of every day, six people in the US die from an opioid overdose. Opioid addiction is a tragic epidemic of untold proportions. And it's also precipitated this massive public health crisis destroying millions of lives unnecessarily, while also taxing our economy at the rate of $78.5 billion per year. This next clip chronicles one man's journey into the depths of opioid addiction despair, and thankfully, his path to recovery. His name is Dan Perez. This is a kid who grew up awkward, a kid who was obsessed with magic. He also had this gift for the written word and this very shrewd eye for culture, which were talents that prematurely catapulted him to crazy heights in the fast paced world of glossy magazine publishing, where he landed the coveted editor gig at Details Magazine all while harboring this secret debilitating dependence on prescription Vicodin. But I'll let Dan tell the story. All right, well, let's get to the drugs. It all starts with a cartwheel. It does, man. I think, man, I've done so many dumb fucking things over the years to impress women. I mean, countless. In my case, it was a cartwheel. Which it's important to note, I had never done before. And it looked as if I had never done one before 'cause I came crashing down on the floor and hurt my back. And I went to see a doctor probably a day or two later and was prescribed Vicodin. And, that's how the seed was planted for me. Was it that thing where the first time you took it, you just knew? When I first took it, it did exactly what it was prescribed to do; which was mellow out whatever pain I was feeling. But it was only really a day or two later that I realized, oh wow, this is how I wanna feel. If you saw me, like, I just took a deep breath. It sorts every question I ever had. This is gonna make me feel like me. This is what I need. Like, I'm home. And it was the beginning of, at least what I thought was like really important love affair, if I'm being honest. And it happened incredibly quickly. And this quickly progresses. You get up to like 60 pills a day and it becomes your primary occupation trying to source and fill these scripts and make sure that your stash never runs out. I had never worked harder at anything in my life before that point. I had never been as committed to anything in my life Maintaining a supply of these pills was really my only focus. And I had a big job at Details at this point, and family and friends, and trying to like manage relationships and things like that. But this was really the only thing that I paid any true, true attention to. Which is fascinating in and of itself, right? 'Cause here I was, I was running this magazine, but this was really all I cared about. And so, when you get up to, as I did 60 Vicodin a day, I ultimately switched over to another drug that the numbers came down. It's called Roxicodone. Yeah, Roxicodone. It's like twice the dosage. It was twice the dosage, but without the Tylenol. So like, I was taking extra strength Vicodin. I was essentially taking, so I was taking, let's say 60 a day. I would take, just to break it down, I would take... And by the way, not immediately, I worked my way up to these numbers, right? So I didn't just dive in. You know what? 60 seems like a good number. I ultimately got to 15 at a time, and I was doing it about four times a day. And so, the active ingredients of an extra strength Vicodin are hydrocodone, which is the the codeine base sort of, you know, analgesic, painkiller. The the opiate part of it. The opiate portion of it, and acetaminophen, which is Tylenol, right? And so, I was taking, in addition to all of the opiates, I was essentially taking a small bottle of extra strength Tylenol a day for years. Right. But when you need that many pills, it's really hard to get them. And so, it does take a lot of energy. And I put a ton of energy into it. And was quite artful about it, I think. Addicts are brilliant liars. And then certainly, like the really close, like first cousin of that is great con artists, you know? And so, I would go into these doctor's offices and I was doctor shopping. I was seeing probably four or five different doctors at the time and filling different prescriptions in different parts of town. And I would put on quite a performance for them on each visit. I would start my performance a block or two away from the doctor's office, in the event that someone that worked in that office may have been out running out to grab a coffee or running an errand or something like that. I couldn't have them see me not in character. So it would start the second I climbed out of the subway or out of a taxi. And I would limp down the street. But I wouldn't just limp down the street. I would stop, and like... (sighs) And like wince, I would lean against like a fire hydrant or whatever it was and catch my breath. Like I really committed to this performance. It is funny, but it's sad and it's pathetic. And it just speaks to the places that something like this will take you. It does. It speaks to the depths that this will take you. And for me, at nighttime were like my biggest highs. I would take the most pills at night because I would... The big feeding. The big feeding, exactly. I could really just kind of zonk myself out. And I would take 15 pills let's say, and then be like, you know what? I'm gonna add like a couple more on top of that just to like really numb myself out. But this might kill me, but I would take them anyway. And it's not that I wanted to die because I don't think I wanted to die. I was prepared to die, though, for that high. It was just something I was prepared to do. But I would wake up the next morning from these moments and I would start all over again. And this is the thing. And there were probably a lot of people in recovery that will be like, you know, yeah. Like, you're not ready until you're ready. And I went down to my mom's house and got sober, spent two weeks down there. And, you know... I'm home, mom. Yeah, here I am. There's nothing quite like being like a 35 year old man or person and going back to your mom's house and basically just sort of like crumbling to pieces; which is precisely what happened. And I got sober. I was down there for two weeks. I attended my first 12 Step meeting. I called the doctor, so someone in my life, that I grew up with who was sober, said, hey, you need to tell on yourself. You need to call these doctors. And like, I was like, yes. Like I was in, I was like, this is the new me. And cut off the source. And I'm gonna cut off with the source. And I started, called, you know, I was probably seeing three or four doctors at the time. And I called all of them, except for one. And on the way back, I'm on a train. I'll get on that Amtrak train. And from Baltimore to New York, and I call and I get a prescription and it's waiting for me at a pharmacy. And I get off the train, I go right to the pills. And I took them for a day. Cunning, baffling and powerful. The most cunning, baffling and powerful. And it is such a powerful disease addiction is, that even while I was in Baltimore, I made this split second decision while I was calling these doctors to eliminate, to hold back. Hold one back. To hold one back. Have that out. That's how powerful it is. I'd gone through so much, I was out everything, my wife had kicked me out, my pregnant wife had kicked me out. All of this stuff didn't matter. I made the decision in like a blink of an eye to do that. And I went back to New York and I took pills for a day. And then I stopped. And that was it. That was October 12th, 2007. Congratulations to Dan on his continued sobriety. This past October marked 14 years for him. And his story highlights the toll that addiction can take on an addict's family members. But imagine this, what if Dan was your son or your daughter? And what if he was a teenager at the time? This is all a parent's worst nightmare. And teen substance abuse is indeed a gigantic problem. So, how do we deal with it? How do we properly equip kids with the tools they need to avoid substance abuse? How can we identify a kid who is at risk? And what can be done to prevent our young ones from developing dependency issues? Well, to answer these questions, I did what you do when you host a podcast; I turned to the experts, people like my friend, Jessica Lahey. Jessica writes about education, parenting and child welfare for the Atlantic, the Washington Post, and the New York Times. And her second, most recent book is entitled, "The Addiction Inoculation." This clip highlights drug abuse prevention, talking with your kids about drug abuse, how to spot risk factors, and the importance of relating with your kids on their level. This is invaluable wisdom for parents. And I'm excited to share this excerpt with you. So here is Jessica Lahey. So let's talk a little bit about the difference between adult addiction and what is unique about teens and substance abuse. And maybe that's an opening to talk about the developing mind, and, you know, what's particular about a young person's experiences with drugs and alcohol. Adolescents from about puberty to the early 20s are in this period of unmatched brain plasticity. The only time where the brain is developing at this rate is from birth to two. So adolescence is so much is happening in their brains. They're not only wiring up the frontal lobe of their brain that hasn't been really online yet, which is where all that executive function, planning, schedules, all that stuff happens. They're sort of limbic system, lower brain stuff is sort of running the show right now. This is just starting to come online. Myelination is happening in the brain. Fatty sheath is going over the neurons, synaptogenesis. Synopsis or just billions of synopsis are happening. And there's no retakes on this, right? So if we get, if anything goes wrong during this period, this period of incredible plasticity, can't go back and fix it. And that's why during adolescents, drugs and alcohol do some things to the brain that just don't happen later. Like there are risks to certain drugs and alcohol, to everyone, but then there are greater risks for many of them because they mess with parts of the brain that are in the process of growing and adapting and connecting really, really quickly. So that's what makes it different. And then, you know, a lot of people call a substance abuse a developmental disorder because teenagers are also uniquely wired to wanna go there, right? Novelty, risk. Kids, adolescents have baseline lower levels of dopamine than little kids or adults. So when teenagers tell you they're bored, probably really are, 'cause their dopamine levels are just baseline lower. But man, drugs and alcohol really can fix that. So they're really in a place where... And also they're becoming. And that's scary and not liking yourself is sort of a part of adolescence here and there, and drugs and alcohol can kind of fix that in the short term too. So talk a little bit about the factors that contribute to a young person being at risk. And how to identify when you see, whether it's your own child or another child, like how you can kind of intuit that that person might be walking a tight rope. The data show that if you are the kind of parents that is consistently messaging total abstinence until 21, until it is legal to drink or use pot or whatever the thing is, then your child is less likely to have substance use disorder during their lifetime. Now, as someone who always comes at statistics and data with a question mark in my head, I say, well, except it would be the parents that have the total abstinence agenda whose kids would have less access to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But either way, the reason I bring that up is that it, the parents who are like, okay, well, I just want them to be safe. So as long as they're doing it in the basement and they're not driving, it's okay. Or if I take the keys. Or as long as they're here in the home. Or, I wanna give them a sip so that they can grow up to be like those Europeans that have the really sort of moderate, you know, they're not overusing, they're drinking and just having enough, and it's a part of the lifetime, you know their life and meals and stuff like that. The problem is is that, that sort of European romantic myth of raising a moderate drinker, it's not true. Not only from the standpoint of, that doesn't work for kids. A kid whose parents have a permissive attitude around drinking and doing drugs at home, well, drinking and doing drugs before 21, those kids are more likely to have a substance use disorder during their lifetime. Also, hello, Europe has the highest rates of alcoholism in the world. They're even starting to have to deal with that. France has gone back and changed its guidelines around how much is healthy drinking because they realize, yeah, yeah, yeah, this has always been a part of our culture, but oh my gosh, we have a problem. I didn't realize that, wow. And that's fine, but do not run the risk? Hold on. Like, if you draw that hard line in the sand, are you not risking the behavior going underground? Like you're gonna cut off the communication, you're setting up a scenario which your kids gonna lie to you and hide stuff from you, and do what he's gonna do or she's gonna do. And then you're not privy to what's going on. Except, so the other thing... For people that are only listening, you just have the biggest smile on your face. This is what killed me. The writing of this book was this really hard for me, because I do not read my children's emails. I do not read their texts. I have never gone on the high school portal and looked at my kids' grades. I don't listen to their phone calls. I trust my children. And until I have reason not to trust my children, I don't search their rooms, I don't read their stuff. That's very important to me because the research also is clear on this, is that kids who are more controlled by their parents lie to their parents more. It's just the reality. So if I want my kid to be the kind of kid who can trust me and talk to me about things, I have to respect his privacy and I have to put forward the idea that I trust and respect him, okay? So there's that. There's also real concerted efforts to make these conversations really common. And an understanding that, you know, you don't have that one sex talk, you don't have one drug and alcohol talk. And my kids, just last semester, he was in a biology class and the teacher asked the kids, how often do your parents talk to you about substance abuse? And Fen was like, oh my God, when does my parent not talk to me about substance abuse? So we're having a ton of conversations about it all the time. We're very open about those things. And in order to get to that place where I feel like they can trust me to talk to me, I have to be there to listen to all the other stuff that interests them that isn't necessarily the stuff I wanna hear. I have to respect them, and we have to have open communication. And so much of what I hear from kids is, I want to talk to my parents. I really, really do. It's just that I don't wanna talk about the stuff they wanna talk about all the time. Which is like, I don't wanna constantly be talking about school. Can't we talk about something else? And so I think, the reason that one of the chapters in the book is about getting this conversation started, and now how hard that can be. And I talked to lots of therapists who have to try to get kids to talk about stuff when they don't wanna talk. And a lot of 'em, there's some cool stuff like, if you're in the same room with your kid and they don't wanna say words, tell 'em to text it to you across the room. That may feel weird and horrible and fake, but it's actually can be a really authentic way of communicating. Speaking from the perspective of a parent myself, I can tell you that Jessica is absolutely spot-on. Authentic communication with your kids is 100% key. And so it was extremely instructive to hear her speak about dopamine in the brain of an adolescent, in light of how Anna Lembke explained the dopamine pathway just a few minutes ago. It gave me a whole new appreciation for the need teens and young adults have for novelty; which is a specific compulsion that practically defines my next guest, Mr. David Joe. David is a street artist, a fine artist, a performance artist. He's a muralist, a musician, journalist, writer, producer, fellow podcast host, as well as a creative oddity, a self-proclaimed liar, thief, altruistic, narcissist and vagabond, a recovering sex and gambling addict, as well as a caring, thoughtful, and wildly vulnerable host of FX's Chor Show. He's one of the most captivating and charismatic people I've ever met. His story of behavioral addiction cranked up to 11, includes quarter million dollar hands of blackjack, rehab, tons of rehabs, recovery, treatment centers, tears, and total transformation. He was open, he was vulnerable, candid. And actually dropped more profundity and profanity than I would have ever expected. Including this incredible insight that in so many ways, you can define every addiction as a gambling addiction. So brace yourselves for this one, it's one of my favorite interviews ever. So here we go. This is the Incomparable David Show. I've been to every type of 12 Step meeting. And one is, like, because I'll be in a city where, oh, shit, I can't find a gambler's overeaters or sex and love addict, or whatever the addiction, co-defendants. You're one a bottom carter and fight club. Exactly. And they're like, oh, there's only an AA meeting or narcotics anonymous or marijuana anonymous. So I'll go to that meeting even though that's not my addiction. And as I listened to thousands of people share their story, I go, oh, it's all gambling. Every addiction is gambling addiction. Every single. When you drink and you get in a car, you're like, I kind of don't care if I make it home or not. Right? That's gambling. When you're like having sex and you're like, I'm not gonna wear a condom, and you're like, oh, I might have a kid, I might get AIDS, I might... And so to go to my first gamblers anonymous meeting after going to 400 AA meetings in Los Angeles, I was shocked because AA meetings AA meetings are kind of like parties in LA, right? Like it's very social there. Bright lights, a lot... Yeah, especially in LA. 300 people, they're celebrities speaker. When you go to a sex addicts meeting, a gamblers addict meeting, the process ones, there's more shame. So the lights are a little lower. Yeah, it's darker. There's a lot of shares that end with suicide attempts. So I went to a GA meeting and we went in a circle and every single share... It was a small meeting, it was like six people. Every single person shared about how they tried to kill themselves. And I've said this before, it's the reason why they don't have balconies in Vegas, because if they did, there'd be someone jumping off every day. One out of four gambling addicts kills themselves. So people gambling, I don't understand, it's like. So I'm sitting at the meeting and everyone's like telling how much money they've stolen from their family or lied and manipulated people out of, so that they could keep gambling, getting that one lotto scratcher, horse race, everything, right? And I'm scared to share, 'cause it's going around the circle and it gets to me. And I'm like, I just want $3 million (indistinct) That's so crazy. And I feel exactly the same as you. You just said, you broke into a cars to steal a quarter so you can get the next scratcher. I'm sitting here telling you I have two rotting lobsters in my hotel room, I'm having sex with all these prostitutes and gambling with millions of dollars, winning handing like hundred dollar bills to everyone I know. So I sat there and I go, "How do I feel?" How did I feel when I won $3 million at the mall in my last trip, right? And I'm playing a quarter million dollar hands of blackjack in private, private rooms, you know? And at that point I felt very little. But like you win $3 million, it feels good. But not that good 'cause I was already rich. When I lose $3 million, and even better yet, when I lose 30 million, then that feels amazing, right? That feels amazing. So I think that was the disconnect with trying to talk to people in my tribe who are addicts and people who aren't addicts, right? And it doesn't matter if you're an addict or you're not an addict because everyone knows an addict or at least has one in their family. So that's the thing when people go, but I don't understand, why don't you stop drinking or why don't you stop the behavior? It's like, I wanna fucking lose. That's why. You get it? Do you understand now? I don't wanna win. I'm happier when I'm losing. I wanna lose everything. But that's even harder for somebody to understand because you're not operating on a rational plane. You're trying to numb the discomfort of your internal pain while also seeking to feel something that will make you feel alive. And if winning's not gonna do it, losing certainly is going to. It doesn't matter what that feeling is, as long as it's a feeling different from however you feel. Everything was off. I did like these expensive brain scans to show that I had like frontal, like kind of temporary brain damage from just like complete overstimulation. Yeah, your dopamine must have been completely fucked up. One of my closest friends, he said to me in the car ride, he said, "Hey, listen, like, we can't change you, we can't control you. So if you wanna get out of the car right now, go ahead. But you're not an idiot, you know how the story ends. You've seen enough, you've watched enough movies, you know enough people. Like, you will die, you will go to jail again. Like these things will happen. So the only thing you got a question is, do you wanna do it now or do you want to wait till you hit your bottom?" And I was like, "I kind of wanna wait until I hit that bottom." And in that moment of sobriety and clarity, I was like, "I'll get the help now." What is it about the human condition that everyone seems to need a coping mechanism? I mean, why can't we all just will our way out of negative compulsive behaviors? Well, it turns out that my next guest, Dr. Jud Brewer, has answered those very questions. Jud is a psychiatrist, he's a neuroscientist, a thought leader and scientific researcher in the field of habit change and the science of self-mastery. He is the director of research at the Center for Mindfulness, and an associate professor of medicine and psychiatry at UMass Medical School. As you just heard, on some level, we're all kind of craving animals subject to compulsions that don't always serve us; whether it's substance abuse, social media, binge eating, or other behaviors that lead us astray, that we find ourselves repeating uncontrollably. And in this clip, Jud shares more than a few valuable insights into the nature of cravings, including the mechanisms and neurology behind them, as well as certain keys, including mindfulness for addressing and ultimately overcoming them. I got a ton out of this conversation and I think you will as well. This is me and Dr. Jud Brewer. Yeah, I don't know if you've ever pulled up to a stoplight late at night, and you look around and everybody's crotch is glowing. (Jud and Rick laughing) It's like suddenly 30 seconds at a red light is intolerable. Well, we only got there because we've let ourselves get there. And we can say, oh, I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna be a good boy and willpower my way through this. Forget about it, like you said it, that doesn't work. So let's get into why it doesn't. Like, why is it that I can't override that impulse, and through sheer force of will? Like Marshall, my mental and emotional powers to prevent myself from doing that thing that I am so going to. Yeah, it sounds pretty good, doesn't it? We're these rational thinking beings. I think Descartes really sent us down a path that was not so good. Oh, I'm thinking, therefore I can think my way through stuff. It's not how our brains works. There's a part of the brain, the prefrontal cortex that's involved in willpower. It's the weakest part of the brain from an evolutionary perspective. It's the first thing that goes offline when we're stressed, when we're angry, when we're sad, when we're tired. That's why we wander into the kitchen late at night looking for something because we've learned that. And so we can say, don't do that, but then we just crash harder. And in the morning we set that resolved to like, okay, I'm really gonna do it this time. But that's just not how our brains work. Our brains don't work that way. But we think, you know, I think it's more we're rationalizing, or like, oh, willpower, it must be something, let's study it. And there's been a little bit of this and that. But it turns out that willpower, if you look at the people that "have good willpower habits," there's some really interesting pieces there. One is they actually find things that they enjoy doing. So people do something like eat healthy or exercise. If you ask them why they do it, the people that are really good at doing it, and you probably know this personally, it feels good, as compared to, oh, I need to get in shape to get my body looking this way for the brain. It's not like an intellectual exercise. Not at all. And that, that part makes sense, but that's not willpower. And it makes sense because that is reward based learning. We're doing something out of the reward of doing it, not because we're doing it. And so that's one of the big misconceptions around willpower is that if you look at reward based learning, it's based on the reward, it's not based on the behavior itself. So if it were the behavior, we just say, stop doing this. But it's actually the reward that drives future behavior. And that's where we can start to intervene. How does it correlate with intelligence? Because just speaking from personal experience, I've noticed over the years through my adventures and journeys in the recovery community, that people who are hyper-intelligent often struggle the most because they want to intellectualize this, where truly it is an emotional thing more than anything else. And so they struggle trying to wrap their heads around how to do this, and they can't let go of the idea that that solution resides within the mind. Well, so, hi, my name is Jud and I'm a thinking addict. There you go. If you look at the bookshelves in my house, they are way too numerous. So speaking from personal experience, and I think this applies. Is there's this, it's almost like the thinking part of our brain is kind of like this. It's like refined sugar or refined carbohydrates. It actually just gets us stoked. And we're like, oh, that's interesting. I'm just gonna learn more and I'm gonna learn more. And I'm gonna figure out the solution to this thing. Meanwhile, day after day after day, you're perpetuating the same behaviors. Unknowingly, yeah. While you're buying every self-help book that's available. Totally. So what we really need is to land in our body, 'cause our body is really, really wise. And so, this is this intellectual thing, is like it's just drives more addiction. Whereas like, I wanna learn more. As compared to really landing on our direct experience that says, dude, why would you do that? I'll give you an example. So, we did a study with people who are trying to quit smoking. And we randomize people to cognitive therapy or mindfulness training, where we train them to really just pay attention to the results of their behavior. So when they come into the mindfulness group, they don't even know what they're getting. And so they come in and they're like, I'm here to quit smoking. And I say, okay. Next, when you go home, smoke. And they're looking at me like, is this the experiment that you're running? Is this the study? And I say, no, smoke but pay attention as you smoke and see what happens. So they pay attention to the smell, to the taste, to the feeling of the superheated smoke going into their lungs. And they come back and there's this Mr. York look on their face. They're like, oh my God, how that I never noticed that before? 'Cause they realized that smoking tastes like shit. And they can only get that wisdom from their direct experience. I had a guy who... So we, in our first study, first class was on Monday, second class was on Thursday. This guy was smoking 30 cigarettes a day. He been smoking that for a long time. He came back on Thursday and he said, "Yeah, I'm down to 10 cigarettes." And I said, "Well, what happened?" And he said, "Well, I noticed that I would drink coffee and the coffee was kind of bitter, so I'd smoke a cigarette to numb myself from the taste 'cause it's amazing how smoking numbs your taste." And so he realized, well, I don't need to smoke, I could brush my teeth. And he just went through this litany of 20 cigarettes where he was smoking all these things out of habit, where he'd learned through this reward based learning process that, oh, if I smoke, I feel better, you know, or whatever. And he realized, oh, this is not a good way to go. So the idea being, you talk about this in your book, is diverging from what Skinner calls the operant conditioning, right? Which has behaviorism, this traditional approach to like dealing with these kinds of problems, to a more Buddhist perspective, which is called dependent origination, right? And this involves being present for the experience, rather than getting into judgment, self judgment, to just be curious about what's happening. Yeah, absolutely. And it's interesting. So one of the first aha moments for us in my research career was when I was looking, I was studying this operant conditioning or positive negative reinforcement. And I was thinking, wait a minute, this sounds way too familiar. And I started looking into this because I've learned, on a retreat or something, I'd learned this dependent origination piece. And it was kind of complex, there are these 12 Steps and all this stuff about birth, and this, and I was like, well, what is this? But when I looked at it, and I actually worked with a poly scholar to really explore this, it turns out that dependent origination explains operant conditioning. And so the Buddhist psychologists had figured this out 2,500 years ago, before paper was even invented. And so they were describing the same process. And importantly, this process, dependent origination, was what reportedly the Buddha was contemplating on the night of his enlightenment. As in, hey, pay attention guys, this is kind of important. So, a really important concept that actually is rediscovered in modern day and drives and explains a lot of how addictive behavior is formed. Science and ancient wisdom are great. They both explain a lot of course, about how addictive behaviors are formed. But the scary thing is the drive towards compulsion is part of what it means to be human. It's literally baked into our physiology and neurochemistry. Which means, addiction can happen to anyone. And that is the message of my next guest, Amy Dresner. Amy is a former stand-up comic, a recovering drug addict, and all around fuck up; her words, not mine, as well as a writer and an author who humorously chronicles are epic ups and downs for a variety of outlets from psychology today, to salon. I love a good addiction recovery yarn, and Amy's first book, "My Fair Junkie" is a completely wild ride, that chronicles her downward spiral from someone who pretty much had it all growing up, to becoming this addiction monster; meth, Oxycontin, alcohol, and sex among her drugs of choice. It's a journey that led to felony conviction for domestic abuse, psych wards, penniless, a community service chain gang, and pretty much more rehabs and halfway houses than you can count, until she finally gets sober and has to face completely starting over in her 40s. Yes, addiction can happen to anyone. But that also means that recovery can happen for anyone. And as Amy likes to say, if she can get sober, anyone can get sober. So here's an excerpt from episode 428, with my friend, Amy Dresner. I have people on that are in recovery. Like I always wanna hear what they have to say to somebody who might be listening, who is struggling. Whether it's with relationships, sex, or substances, or some other behavior that is causing them pain, as somebody who's been there and found their way out, like, how do you speak to that person? I would say, first of all, be gentle with yourself. Drop the shame because that will just continue use. Like you're doing the best you can with the tools that you have. I would say to be honest with other people and get help and go get a therapist, or go to AA or go to slower or whatever, get into a support group, because it's so important. When we're in a behavior that feels pathological, we isolate and that just makes it so much worse. And for me, a huge part of the healing has been the fellowship and my friends and feeling connected and reaching out. I would say, don't give up, no matter how many times you slip. Like if you're alive, you've still got a chance. That you can get through this. That you're not a bad person, even if you've done bad things. I mean, I think that's amazing advice. I think the hardest part for people is that first step. Like, well, how do I reach out? Or like, what is the thing that I actually need to do first? And the other thing is, don't wait till you feel like you're ready. You'll wait forever. Like, if I waited until I was ready to write a book, or if I like I've been waiting to feel like I'm ready and wanna go to the gym, and that's been a year and a half right now. Don't judge me. But it's like, you take action and that changes the feeling. Mood follows action. That took me forever to figure out. And there's a line in the book that my dad told me. And it took me 20 years to figure it out. He said, "Stability doesn't create discipline, discipline creates stability." I was waiting to feel okay before I could do these things, but it was doing these things that made me feel okay. So I would say, tell your feelings to shut the fuck up, your head to shut the fuck up, and you take the action and it will change things, you know? And it's like, you can't get better. If I can get sober, anyone can get sober. Sorry, like, come on. That's where it's gnarly. And one of the things you've written a lot about is the importance of structure in your life. Oh God, yeah. Well now, I mean, I work from home. I work from home. I have a three day a week editing job. I work for... And it's hard. It's really hard. I have to force myself to like get out and do things. I guess the other thing too, it's like, you can change, you can change. I really thought forever I was broken, and I was stuck with that person who I was. And it's like, I'm not that person today. I'm a completely different person. And it's like, I never thought that I could be the person who shows up and is inspiring to people and sweeps the floor, not the in streets, but you know what I mean? Like it's... Yeah, and when you're in that cycle and you're surrounded by people who are telling you, you're a piece of and you're never gonna change. Of course, yeah. Fuck what people tell you. Yeah, fuck what people tell you, you can do it. And also the other thing too is like, if you have an urge to use or drink or whatever, or text that guy that's bad for you or whatever, it's like, give yourself 20 minutes. Take a bath, call someone, watch an episode of "Ozark," jack off, whatever it is. Like, do something and buy yourself 20 minutes. Call someone, take a drive, take a walk. Because the urge passes, whether you pick up or not. It took me a long time to figure that out. And it's like, but if you don't ever sort of wait through that feeling, you don't realize that you can get through it. It feels overwhelming, and then the urge comes to you, like I gotta do what, I gotta do it, you know? Yeah, and you feel like you're gonna die. If you don't do it. And you don't understand that it's so true. Like it will pass. Yes. And if you could just get through that and realize and go, oh, you realize that the feeling, doesn't control you, it won't kill you, you don't have to obey it. And that's where that freedom comes from. You're like, oh, I can change. And it's just slow. It's a slow process as you know. Takes a while to slowberity. I know, right. I hate that. The all annoying slogans. But that you can rewire your brain slowly over time, you know, through action. You really can. And you can be happy. You can have a good life and you don't have to be a prisoner to that crap, you know? And just also don't care what people in the room are saying. Like if you eat it and just come back, it's not a competition. I don't like that. Everyone's got their own stuff. Everyone's got their own bag. And some people have like really severe mental illness. Like everyone has their own thing, you know? Yeah, I think that keeps a lot of people away. They come in and they have a weird exchange with somebody and then they're like, I'm done with that. And then they're dead, or they can't get sober. It's like, you know, find another meeting, or it's like, you know, I mean, I just wrote a piece about this in this Dr. Howard Wetsman said 50% of people who relapse will never go back to it. That's heartbreaking. Because either someone said something to them or because of shame, not that they, yeah. That 50% gets sober, but they will never even make a second try. And it was like, you know, I have such a big dose of like, who gives a fuck about me? Like, I was never, like, I gotta be queen of the drunks. Like I was just like, I don't care. Like this is my life, and I don't care what these people think. And my social capital is not based on what people in AA think about me. And I was just like, I'm on my own trajectory. Well, that's how you get well. Because you can't save your ass. If you're trying to save face and that good, then you're working across purposely. Exactly, exactly, exactly. It's like, it's not a competition. You know? Okay, so as we step into the back half of this episode, I wanna turn our attention to another powerful story of from opioid abuse. But this time I wanna zero in on that moment, that specific moment when an addict knows they're ready for a recovery. It's a story that highlights the gift that hitting rock bottom can be, how one goes about piecing their life back together after losing everything, and ultimately about how AA save lives. I'm talking about the story of Jeff Grants. Jeff is a former New York City attorney who became addicted to painkillers in the wake of a ruptured achilles he suffered playing basketball. It didn't take long before he started making bad decisions under the influence, fueled by this dependency that led to let's call them ethical transgressions, as well as financial misdeeds, losing control of his law firm, and even a suicide attempt. Jeff survives all of this. He even enters treatment, gets sober, starts to put the pieces of his life back together. But then at about a year and a half into sobriety, he gets arrested for fraud. He pleads guilty and ends up serving 18 months in federal prison. Today, Jeff is a pastor serving the imprisoned as well as the underprivileged, who is also now more than 15 years sober. So this is his story of redemption and how 12 Step programs give people hope. Here is Jeff Grants. So I said to him, all right, why don't you just resign my law license for me? And I went to my doctor friend and I got a prescription of Demerol, 40 tabs and went home. And after my ex-wife and kids went to sleep, I took the whole bile. It's like 40 tabs. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, I knew what I was doing. I mean, I was trying to kill myself. Was it a real suicide attempt or was it a desperate call for help? I mean, 40 seems like enough. But your tolerance must've been insane. My tolerance was insane, but I don't think... I thought 40 would be enough. That was the point. And I've spent a lot of years trying to figure out whether or not it was a real attempt or a cry for help. But I wanted the noise in my head to stop. But a few days later, I called the Silver Hill Hospital in New Canaan and I wanted to go there. I knew to go there because clients of mine who had (indistinct) So you made a decision like I'm done, and you did your own self style detox at home. Well, I had done it 100 times before, so it wasn't as if I was ignorant of what a withdrawal would be like. This was just the super one. This was the biggest one I'd ever been through. And certainly the first one that I overtly tried to kill myself. Opiate withdrawal is gnarly. It was bad, it was bad. How long did it go on for? I don't know, three or four days, probably. It was bad. So you waited until you weathered that before you checked yourself into treatment? Oh yeah, because I knew better than anybody. You did. So you had a sense that this... As somebody who's tried to get sober many times on your own, you know what it's like. It's like, okay, this time, I'm never gonna do it again, but kind of in the back of your head, you're like, you're not really sold on the idea, but this was qualitatively different, you knew. Well, I didn't have a life to go back to. I knew that. I knew everything was gone. I didn't really understand at all at that point the gift of a hard bottom. That's something I learned later. But everything was gone. And so going to rehab, it was a blessing. So how do you begin to piece your life back together in the aftermath of all of this? Well, certainly through recovery. I mean, seven weeks in rehab and they brought recovery meetings in, and I kind of took to them. And more, I think to the structure than to anything, I was too out of it to learn anything, I was gone. And the first day out of rehab, I did what I was told to do. I showed up at the meeting and I raised my hand and I said, "I'm Jeff and I'm an alcoholic and a drug addict. And I needed temporary sponsor." And I gave like three seconds on my drug of choice, or I can't remember right now. But at the end of the meeting, the leader who had been leading the meeting, and I thought it was the boss, I didn't know, that was my first meeting. I didn't know. And he came up to me and he said, "This is for alcoholics and you've done drugs and you're in the wrong meeting." How dare that guy say that? I've never heard anybody say anything like that. You're a West Coast guy. Yeah, that's interesting. Wow! And this other guy came up to me, who was standing right there and he was the spitting image of Freddie Mercury. I am telling you, this guy, I thought it was Freddie Mercury in my haze. And he said to me, "Don't mind that guy. I'll be your temporary sponsor." And Brian T was my sponsor. And he gave me very clear instructions. Like, what to do. And for 30, 60 days, I went to a noon meeting every day and I fell asleep with my head against the wall 'cause I couldn't even focus. But you showed up, took direction, made yourself known. Yep. And began to take accountability. Did all that stuff that seems completely unrelated to staying sober, like, three people, take numbers, make coffee. Lie a lie. Keep coming back. Yeah, exactly. But we had to get rid of the house. And of course, I did whatever. You have no income at this point. No income at this point. And a little, some savings, but no income. And I did what every same guy does when they lose their house and their career and their reputation. I moved to Greenwich, one of the wealthiest communities in the country. Why would you do that? Because I had started going to AA meetings there, the recovery meetings there. And those meetings were so important to me that I had to be there. And also, it was only six miles from our home. And although the state line is huge in terms of media and in terms of interconnectivity. But I figured my kids would still be able to maintain relationships with their friends. And that was true, that happened. But there we were in Greenwich, and for the next 20 months or so, I was living in an apartment in Greenwich and going to meetings. And I went three times a day, four times a day sometimes. And I was a lock step in recovery. That was my life. And this saves your life. Saved my life. It's interesting to me, I'm always encouraged when I hear stories like yours of people whose lives have been spared as a result of the 12 Steps, because in our fast paced modern culture, it seems like every year there's some new hot take on what sobriety is or should be. And now we know more about addiction and alcoholism than we ever have before. And all these other ideas are antiquated. And maybe there's truth in that, maybe there's not. But I know that 12 Step and Alcoholics Anonymous saved my life. It's saved the lives of so many people that I know. And it works. It works if you're... It worked for me. I have no opinion on how people get sober. If they find other ways of doing that, more power to them. I just know that this is what has worked for me and continues to work for me and remains my number one priority. It's a big world. And I assume there's people getting sober other ways. For me, it worked. And it gave me a home, you know, a family, people who weren't judging me. And I had abandoned all my people, places and things because nobody would talk to me. I was a pariah. And so I didn't have the places, I didn't have the things, and I didn't have the people. So that hard bottom was a blessing. And it had to, you know, force you to rightsize your ego and take stock and inventory of how you were living and figure out a new approach to how you were going to get things done. Yeah, inch by inch. Big thoughts like that probably didn't happen for awhile. I was just trying to survive. Many of our guests so far, including Jeff, have referenced the larger emotional context within which their addiction began. Psychological backstories that drove them to use and abuse substances, including the need for validation, things like bullying, physical or emotional abuse; in other words, trauma. And there is no better person to speak on the way trauma affects addiction, than my next guest, Dr. Gabor Mate. Dr. Mate is a world renowned bestselling author, lecturer, and a specialist on the cutting edge of addiction medicine research, with some fascinating and somewhat controversial, but I think quite regulatory ideas about the nexus between trauma, early childhood development and addiction. With over 20 years of medical practice and family and palliative care, Dr. Mate has decades of firsthand experience working with hardcore drug addicts. I find his insights quite compelling, specifically this idea that the source of addiction is not to be found in the genes, but in fact, originates in the early childhood environment. The idea that addiction is complex and that there is no quick fix. And that we should be advocating for a more compassionate, less punitive approach to addicts, addiction and treatment. I think you're gonna really enjoy this perspective. So without further ado, this is me and Dr. Gabor Mate. What's wrong with our kind of conventional wisdom around the idea of addiction and where your kind of philosophy and ideas coming. Well, traditional wisdom around addiction is either the legalistic one that has it as a bad choice that people make, from which they have to be deterred by means of severe punishment tends to be what the so-called criminal justice system, which by the way, I think it's a good title. It is a criminal system. The justice system is criminal, the way it treats people. Well, specifically addicts, sort of further traumatizing the people that are most traumatized. That's my point. Now the point though, is that that's the legalistic view that addiction is a choice and people need to be punished when they engage in addiction-related behaviors, their very addiction being illegal. Now the other perspective that seems different is that addiction is a brain disease that you largely inherit. So it's not your fault 'cause you can't help what genes you inherited, but it's a disease of the brain that arises in the brain; partly for genetic, partly for other reasons. And what both of those perspectives share though, different as they are, what they share is that in neither case that we're looking at people's life histories, and we're not looking at a social history or the history of a country or a nation. So who are the populations that are more severely affected and what happened to them? And who are the individuals that are most severely effected and what happens to them? Now, my perspective is that, addictions are attempts to soothe pain in every case. In fact, the drugs are specifically painkillers, cocaine numbs nerve endings, opiates, heroin, these are painkillers, alcohol is a painkiller, cannabis is a painkiller. Crystal meth diverts you from the experience of emotional suffering by making you feel more alive and excited temporarily. So it's always not why the addiction, as you said, but why the pain. Keith Richards, when he was talking about his heroin habit in his book, "Life," which is autobiography, he said, and I'm almost quoting on verbatim. He said, "The contortions we go through just not to be ourselves for a few hours." Now, why would people not wanna be themselves? Because they're not comfortable in their own skins. Why are they not comfortable in their own skins? 'Cause they suffered in their own skins at some point when they couldn't help it. So what I'm saying is that addiction, in every case, whether it's the severe addiction of the heroin addicts that I dealt with, or the respectable addictions of the workaholic, or, I'm probably free to mention that you talked about your own addiction at some point to extreme and you're in sports. And these are always based in trauma. So any attempt to escape the present moment has to do with discomfort that we incurred as children. And there are degrees of discomfort, degrees of trauma. But fundamentally addiction is always an attempt to escape suffering. So it's not the problem. The addiction is not the problem. The manifestation of the addiction is the solution to the problem. It's an attempt and... And it works until it doesn't work anymore. It works temporarily. In fact, that's my definition of addiction. It's a temporary relief pleasure, craving that is satisfied momentarily, but creates negative consequences in the long-term, and you can't give it up. That's what an addiction is. But yeah, that's what it is. It's an attempted solution, it's not the primary problem. And so to say that addiction is a primary brain disease, which is the official medical perspective that I was trained in misses the whole point. But then again, the medical profession notoriously does not understand trauma. The research is totally clear. Like, it's not that I'm giving you personal insights. I mean, I am, but these insights are very much also supported and grounded in a vast body of literature. And whether we're talking about addiction or cancer, you can look back to negative childhood experiences. So even on the level of physiological changes in the brain, we're looking at the same changes; just as some people use and need chemicals to achieve those changes, other people get it through behaviors. But the gambler is still after a dopamine hit, dopamine being the incentive motivation chemical. He's not after the money, 'cause it was about the money, he would quit after he won his first jackpot. But it's about actually the dopamine hit that he gets, that temporary state of elation and excitement that he gets when he's engaged in the activity. So, all addictions, whether they're behaviors or substances or whatever they are, they serve the same psychological purpose of escape from suffering and pain, discomfort with the self, and they activate the same brain circuits with the same neuro-chemicals. So there's only one universal addiction process. Drug addiction being a small, small manifestation of that. And because it's so divorced from logic and rational thinking, I think that's what prevents a lot of people from really, truly understanding it. And why the conversation around it has to do with judgment and shame and criminology. Well, I think if you wanna explore that mine field, we can. I think on the individual level, the judgment and this thing for drug addicts is actually well expressed by Jesus when He says, don't be hypocrite, He says. That's the word He uses. He says, before you try to remove the sliver from your brothers eye, remove the poll from your own eye. And so what it is is that when there's something we don't like about ourselves, then we'll look at that same thing as somebody else and reject it. And imagine that we're different. So the workaholic businessman, or the workaholic doctor, for that matter, or the shopaholic man or woman. The guy who spends $8,000 on CDs. CDs in a week, I've heard of people like that. they like to think of themselves as superior to the drug addict. And yet the dynamic is the same; which is being in the grip of a compulsion that you can't control. And that has negative consequences. And you don't have the power. At least you perceive that you don't have the power to regulate yourself. And so we see that in somebody else. And it's so easy then to look at the externals, which is as somebody who's in a back alley in the downtown east side of Vancouver, shooting over with heroin or cocaine, or they're different from the rest of us. No, they're not. They're only different in their expression of their addiction. And they're also different in their social-economic background often. And also of course, in the degree of trauma that they experienced as children. So when we talk about addiction as a brain disease, yes, there's truth to that. But what shapes the brain is the environment. And the necessary condition for healthy brain development is non-stressed parents who can really connect with the child. So you can see in our society, why so many people are affected, 'cause how many parents are non-stressed? How many parents have the kind of support that traditionalist societies used to provide? The clan, the tribe, the extended family where the child is always around adults who are looking after 'em. Not that I want to romanticize the past or nor that we can go back to it, but we've lost something. And so in this society, it was just so disconnected, alienated. Parents are, even if they're together, and 40% of the time, they're not. But even if they are, they're both having to go to work, they're both under severe strain, economically very often, relationship stresses, the spiritual emptiness in people's lives. Kids are being born into situations that no longer support healthy brain development. And on top of that, they're actually abused, which is what happens to most severe addicts, specific abuse in a certain form of physical beating, sexual exploitation, abandonment, neglect, emotional torment, that plays havoc, not only with the personality development, not only does it give you a lot of pain that later you have to just suit somehow, but it also distorts your brain development. And then suddenly you have the template for addiction. A child under severe emotional stress has got real limited resources to deal with that. They can't fight back, they can't escape and they can't change the situation. So now the brain kicks in with its automatic defenses. One of them is emotional shutdown. So now you no longer feel the emotion 'cause they're too painful. But if you don't feel emotion, life becomes very dull and boring. You may have to do drugs to feel better. Or you might tune out as a way of not experiencing the stress. So you adapt by tuning out. But if that gets programmed into your brain, later on, you've got this condition called ADD. Which is characterized by extreme tuning out. So what happens is that these early defenses help kids survive the immediate stress, but become sources of dysfunction later on. So as a matter of fact, I mean, as you all know from recovery, what makes the difference ultimately is not just one's own individual willpower and determination, but also others who can listen to you compassionately and validate your experience and not judge you. We've heard many recovery accounts so far that sound very linear. They were in the throes of addiction, they hit a rock bottom, and then they find longterm recovery shortly thereafter. But what about the people who try recovery many times before it finally sticks? What is it about the final attempt that makes their recovery last? And what should an addict do when they recoil against the idea of a "higher power?" Well, this is the focus of this next clip, featuring Charlie Engle. Charlie is a husband, father, and celebrated ultra marathoner who has run across deserts, and summited ice covered volcanoes, has swam with crocodiles, and even served a stint in federal prison. But at his core, he is a sober addict. Charlie told his whole story way back in the early days of the podcast, episode 67, which is absolutely epic. You got to check it out. And this clip is from his second appearance, episode, 248. In addition to talking about why his recovery didn't stick the first time, we discuss a common question we both get regarding, if we have, in fact, just transferred our prior addictions onto our current running. As well as the perfect summary of what an alcoholic is at their core. So for that and more, here is Charlie Engle. Man, I'll just tell you very briefly, the reason I know this for certain, the reason treatment didn't work for me when I went, when I was 27, was, you know, 28 day program in Pacific Grove, California, traditional, you know, you do the group counseling, get some one-on-one, you go to AA meetings that are right there in the building and all that, is because I was a genius, right? So, I mean, that was my view. And I didn't really think I was a genius, but I was smart. And smart people don't need spirituality. That was my... They also don't need to do the work because they can read the book or skim it and go, I got it. I got this figured out. Absolutely. So I said, almost like training for a marathon, I said, okay, I'm gonna do this for 90 days. So I practically learned that bedbug word for word, I could, you know, I'd say the serenity prayer, I would certainly talk about a higher power. But in my head I might, yeah, whatever, that's for other people. I'll do the rest of this. And I did get a lot out of, you know, doing an inventory and sharing it with somebody and talking about this. I understand very quickly that doing all of that was a way of purging and therapy and it did feel good. But I wasn't about to allow some kind of higher power to... I wouldn't turn a shit over to that guy. You know what I mean? 'Cause that would require you to relinquish, sell yourself wealth, right? And as somebody, you know, beyond the intelligence quotient, you're also an athlete and an athlete who excels in an individual sport. And if there's something you learned through the process of developing as an athlete in an individual sport, is that your performance is directly related to the amount of work and focus and dedication that you and you alone decide to put into it. And what comes out of that is this idea that self-will will avail you everything, right? In the context of running or any other number of sports. So to then say, well, you got to let go of that. Like, not only does that create something to disagree with, it doesn't even compute. Like, what do you mean? Like the idea of surrendering that, I don't even understand with that. No, so 90 days into treatment, I mean, it's 28 day treatment. And then I stayed sober for 60 more days where I was going to meetings and I was active. And man, I was waiting for that 90 days tip because that was like a graduation diploma for me in my mind. That I knew that. Like, I wasn't telling anybody else that, but if I could just get to 90 days, then things would be fine from that point forward. And so I stopped going to meetings. I certainly didn't have a sponsor to talk to. And I did manage to stay sober another like 90 days. But what I didn't get at that point was that there's only about what? There's only like 1% of the time for a recovering addict that is actually dangerous. And the other 99% of the time is when we're supposed to be building up our power and our guards to be prepared for that 1%. That one moment when a drink appears or a drug appears or a feeling, heaven forbid, appears. An motion that we're not prepared for that in the past, we could take care of that emotion in a second with a drug or a beer or whatever. And so, I didn't understand that all of this time was like training for a race. You're training 99% of the time, and the race has only 1%. That race is that one moment where suddenly you're like, what's the big deal? I can have a beer. You got this thing in the back of your head, this voice going, hey, you know, you deserve this. You don't just need a beer, you deserve it. Damn it, you've worked hard. So at nine, it was at around nine months, right? So at nine months, you take your diploma, you graduate from sobriety and celebrate this great achievement by going out on a bender, right? And so when people come to me and they're like, you know, like I'm not an alcoholic. I'm not sure I really understand what that means or what that is, like, what is an alcoholic? What is an addict? And I just, I always say, imagine a person who works extremely hard to repair their life. They stay sober for an entire year. They put everything into it. They make it their number one priority. And then when they get that one year chip, they celebrate it by getting drunk and they think that's a good idea. That is the essence of what it means to be an alcoholic. The insanity of that tweak, that mental tweak, that mental, you know, whatever it is, disrepair that would lead you to believe that that's a perfectly good idea. Well, and here's the thing. The discipline that it took to go that year and to know, and probably in the back of your head that, I mean, that year didn't just appear and then you decided to get drunk. Like that thought of drinking started. Oh yeah, you're planting that seed. And so, how much discipline does it take to actually keep yourself in that space once you already know this is gonna happen? I mean, so the power of an alcoholic or an addict, it's so strong. And if that could only be used, if our power can be used for good, then a lot can be accomplished. And that is why though, I think, you know, you and I and a lot of other people that you talk to and that are listening out there right now, they do understand that, man, this addictive power is what makes them good at stuff. And if they can just figure out how to apply it to their life. But then when you do that, they accuse you of just being addictive in that other discipline. Which brings us up, and we talked about this last time, but I think it bears repeating, or maybe your definition or perception about has evolved. When people say, well, you're still, you're just a crazy alcoholic. You just channeled all that into your running and you have this unhealthy relationship with it. And it couldn't be. It literally couldn't be farther from the truth, because everything about my addict and my addictive behavior when I was drinking and doing drugs was about hiding every bit of who I was. I mean, first of all, I didn't really know who I was, but heaven forbid that starts to surface, I would drink it or drug it down back into the pit where it came from. So all I wanted to do was destroy and hide every bit of my personality. Running on the other hand does the exact opposite. I really do feel like I become the true essence of who I am and who I'm meant to be in the course of a run. And that doesn't mean it's all light and sunshine. Sometimes that means I'm a dick. Sometimes that means I'm whatever. But it's an emotion that I actually get to have. So maybe my view has evolved. I think this is different than what I said, but it's more expansive. I know understand that I'm not, it's not a requirement just because I'm sober that life is going to be good, or that I have to be nice all the time, or that I'm not gonna be hungry or cranky or snap at my wife on something when I absolutely shouldn't. The difference is now I get to apologize. I get to admit my wrong, or even potentially stick by my rightness but without that alcoholics conviction of based in fear that everything I do has to be justified in some way. And running has taught me that I... And it doesn't have to be running. It can be biking. I mean, if I couldn't run again tomorrow, I'd find another outlet for this. And I don't do it additively, I do it instinctively. I don't run every day. I like to exercise every day because it makes me feel good. Why the hell wouldn't I want to do that? Running saved my life, but then it actually gave me a life. Our next guest is Mishka Shubaly. Michigan is a dear friend and has been on the podcast many, many times. He's a writer and musician who pens true stories about drink, drugs, disasters, desire, deception and their aftermath. He is also the author of, "I Swear I'll Make It Up To You," which is this brutally honest, booze fueled opiated account of addiction, abandonment, artistic frustration, faith, guilt, sobriety, running, resentment, music, and ultimately salvation. But in this final clip, Mishka discusses how to handle cravings when they appear, what to do if you can't fully separate yourself from a triggering environment. In Mishka's case, he still play shows in bars. And we end the clip with Mishka sharing about the power of community, and specifically, how our friendship helps keep him sober. I'm honored to have this man in my life, and I'm excited to share his perspective with you. So, here we go. This is me and Mishka Shubaly. This is kind of an endemic thing with alcoholics. Like, even people who have been sober for a long time, suddenly they have an urge and they feel bad about themselves. Like, I can't believe that I have that urge or that compulsion. Like, haven't I moved past this? But you have to remember that if you're an alcoholic, like you're a true, real alcoholic, that is your default state of mind and your condition. So you should just understand that that goes with the territory, and it's a little kind of like red flag, like, oh, maybe I need to take a little contrary action to get back on track. But of course, you're gonna feel that way from time to time. The miracle is that you don't act on that. It's like, you're gonna have those emotions. You're gonna feel that way periodically. It's what you do in response to that, that dictates life outcomes. And the miracle is that you're not drinking every day. Like you forget that, right? That's your default state. And you've put together eight years without doing that. So you have a craving from time to time. Congratulations, you're an alcoholic. You shouldn't be ashamed of that. It's just a little nudge to say, hey, maybe I should take a look at whatever is going on with me physically and emotionally that led to that craving, so I can maybe shift my behavior or my environment a little bit to nip that in the bud so that doesn't come up next time. It gets even more interesting. On this last tour in England, I was traveling with this band bird cloud who are alcohol aficionados. They appreciate the sauce. And they're brilliant musicians and brilliant writers. And it was a privilege to tour with them. And also day after day, I was like, ah. And then towards the end of the tour, we were in London and I had sort of like, you know, after you're on the road for a while, you get used to setting things up a certain way. I put my cable here, I put my slide here, I put my thing, water or seltzer here. And then I got up on stage. Great night, like sold out room. And to be in a foreign country and have people singing your songs back to you. I mean, that's like such a fun thing. And I went up and I like did my first song, reached down, grabbed my drink, took a swig of it, and it was pure vodka. It's not the first time this has happened to you. You brought about that other time. And that was a mixed vodka drink, this was straight vodka. And I was like, did somebody do this to me on purpose? Or like what the... But I felt it in my mouth and I spit it out back into the glass and I did the rest of the set totally cotton mouth, like not drinking anything. And that's weird to have something like that happen in the public eye, and then you have to go through the rest of the show. And the whole time I was thinking like, well, I already got a little bit, why not just, you know? Right, and you also have that millisecond thing where it's in your mouth, and it's almost like, what is your knee-jerk unconscious reaction? Like swallow or spit? Like that can go either way. And every alcoholic justification was going through my head of like, oh, I already got a drop down my throat, it's already tainted or whatever. But I never did. I didn't take a drink. As soon as I got off stage, I pounded a couple of bottles of water. And that made me realize that the cravings that I've had, where I like really want to drink, that's not what's going on. I really don't want to drink, because I had, I had everything teed up for the perfect excuse where I had accidentally taken a drink. And then it would have been so easy. I'm on tour, like in a foreign country. I had every excuse lined up to justify a good relapse, and I didn't do it. And I realized it's because I really don't want to drink. And when I get those cravings about, I really want to drink, it's I miss being young. I miss being 22. I'm having a hard time dealing with aging. Being like a 40 year old man. It's fucking... It's really bombing. It's a romantic attachment or relationship with a bygone era in which you were carousing around Brooklyn and New York, like doing whatever. It feels like a time machine in a bottle where I can just have a drink and go back there, to being a kid, to hanging out with my friends, to falling down in the river, or whatever bullshit we used to do. There's an adage in sobriety that, if you're truly sober, you can go anywhere. Like, you shouldn't have to avoid this place or that place because it might trigger you in a certain way. But that there has to be kind of a purpose for wandering into a location that you might imperil the solidity of your sober program. And what always mystifies me is that you do this alone. Like, I can't do it alone. I need other people. I need the secret society and everything that comes with that to stay sober. And I know what it's like to step outside that, and I've done so at my peril and it hasn't worked out. So, I stay close, but you still are holding onto this sort of self-will run, self-styled approach to sobriety. And I have no judgment on that. You're eight years sober, man. Like, that's amazing. But it's curious to me how you're able to do that, especially when your lifestyle finds you in all kinds of locations that aren't conducive to the highest vibration. Rich, know that you're with me everywhere I go. I mean, if you're not there, you're still there. You and a couple of other friends are like definitely people who I carry on my shoulder, in my head, with me wherever I go. 'Cause I have moments of weakness and I definitely have moments of nihilism. Words like my nihilism it's in regression, but it can easily come back, you know? And I just think that, that's not the life that you would want for me. You would be worried. You would be concerned that... You know, I mean, there's a lot of things. Listen, I know at this point that I couldn't alienate you as a friend if I tried. But I know too that if I started drinking that it would be really hard for us to be friends, you know? And I have other friends like that. So I don't go into these places alone. I bring you and a couple other people with me. All right, we did it. This concludes today's deep dive into addiction and recovery. Thank you for taking this journey with me. I hope you not only enjoyed it, but found it helpful. And once again, in closing, if you or someone you care for is currently struggling, don't wait, please reach out for help. Towards this end, we have compiled a series of resources, which you can find in the show notes on the episode page at richroll.com. If you found today's video valuable, please subscribe to my channel, and I'll see you in a few days with another great episode. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richroll [270 likes]: Thanks for watching. For links to all the full episodes of past guests featured in this video, click the 'Show Notes' tab at the bottom of the episode page here: https://bit.ly/richroll644
  2. @lady4recovery [5 likes]: February 15th I will be 35 years clean and sober in march I will be 70 years old so I will be sober half my life- mind blowing and the best thing I have ever done
  3. @kingkong-gm9fu [3 likes]: I been in 8 or 10 rehabs. I f up every time. But i hope i can do it now im 40 now and i want my 40s to be good
  4. @SusanMayer-i6e [3 likes]: Thanks Rich and team. I enjoyed this show I've been clean sober 37 years and it's great to have a connection with so many people around the world. I am extremely grateful for all my huge transformation and it's still happening! :))
  5. @sandythomas6133 [2 likes]: One of the biggest problems in our World is the silence about this issue. My brother was finished at 13 through Alcohol. It owned and owns him. No one talks about it. Not in school. Im not sure it would change everything for us but the silence is not good. This is a human condition. World wide. No one talks about it.
  6. @yvettehuerta1882 [2 likes]: Yes, you talk about adolescents but what if it's the other way around? What if the parent went through a traumatic situation and ended up addicted and the son or daughter is coping with helping them?
  7. @recoveryjournee [1 likes]: 30 days clean some days are good some days are bad but everyday I keep going
  8. @MundoWorm [1 likes]: 2 months sober today :)
  9. @MrBeemanJ [1 likes]: Read Vincent Meridian’s “Done Drinking” full of science and motivation to quit. Reading “quit lit” like this is very helpful!
  10. @GodisBigger_strongerwithGod [1 likes]: You can do this! Fight for your life! You are worth your life, you are worth living a life that God has blessed and gifted you with
 You are worth it to start enjoying your life, and you CAN enjoy life through sobriety and prayer. 
                             Be strong💪 
And always remind yourself, that YOU ARE WORTH MORE THAN JUST YOUR ADDICITIONS. 
God Bless You all and i truly wish u all the very best! 🙏
  11. @sobermotivationpodcast [1 likes]: I am so grateful for all of your efforts to spread the message Rich.
  12. @jetfryl9831 [1 likes]: I just can't take this shit no more😢
  13. @michaelwestbrook3900 [1 likes]: I keep getting interrupted with talk about addiction in between trying to watch ads.. its getting out of control
  14. @ExitTheMatrixTaylorJaneGreen: 💗🙏💗
  15. @adrianv2817: I raised my hand and asked for help from my FAMILY AND NO ONE LISTENED NO ONE CARES I’m the one who got myself out of this I did.
  16. @Amelia-f9l3f: Great video ❤
  17. @MiaStayingCreative: My favorite part is David Choe explaining gambling addiction. The gambling addict is addicted to LOSING. “I WANT TO LOSE EVERYTHING!” Spot on. Responsibility, ownership, growing up is too much damn work.
  18. @sobermotivationpodcast: Thanks so much as always Rich for putting out this great sobriety information
  19. @AngelGarcia-hr8vm: Everything is gambling 😂😂😂.
  20. @yvettehuerta1882: Is there a book on that or advice? Maybe not as prevalent but it does happen, I'm an example.

- My Story of Hustle, Pain and Building Real Wealth!: Kind: captions Language: en I moved in there for 2 months and I realized this is bloody stupid I'm paying £500 on a mortgage and all my expenses have gone up and my parents go what are you doing you're only 21 what do you need to move out for you we're still here for you we're a family unit and I was like you know what I called the bank I went look I don't want to live here can I rent this out they go well yeah you can get a permission to let yeah yeah yeah I was like all right and go send us a check for 250 so I sent them a check for 250 they said at the renewal we'll change this product for you it's all right cool yeah at that stage I went and put it on the market and I got £1,000 for it so this is what a light bulb moment happened I'm like right man's getting £1 saturday1 Sunday that's £2 200 that's £800 a month I can survive on that I'm getting two free grand from barley as a cashier coordinator personal banker it eventually went to 4 five grand but that's my savings and then I'm getting another pot so my thing was I'm going to open a Loy account I'm going to open a Barley's account I want a HSBC account cuz that's my property money that's my McDonald money and that's my B Money cuz I didn't think of opening separate like you know separate accounts with the same bank I was like I need different cards so then I no It's associated with thing I don't know if that's my OCD or something I did the same thing yeah that's exactly what happened and uh then it became okay I got Barkley's money I'm still number one here by the way you know so when you work in a place you still giv paid like 30 Grand in the bank once I started getting two and a half Grand I was number one in sales I used to get another three grand on top of that 52 Grand then, 1500 went for ni and 800 went out for taxes and stuff the first house that you bought for 140 though here's my thinking you were working seven days a week for years but the bank McDonald's saving saving saving saving and you use that savings to buy a house but if you're doing it again and you know what you know now wouldn't it make more sense to say I'm not doing McDonald's I'm not working my ass off in a bank I'm just going to find the property and then I'm just going to raise the finance and because how much did you actually have to put down as a deposit on that house I think I put about £14,000 something like that all that SA prob you a year Tove that wouldn't you been to just get a 14,000 loan yeah potentially I was uneducated I was your simple boy down the road East London Not educated yeah that's it and that's all I knew so I didn't know what to do apart from I don't know how to open a business I don't know how to be an entrepreneur I just know if I attach to this company and get what I need out of it give them a bloody good service so they won't get rid of me yeah and give the top cuz you've got other people out there that going be the last one in and the first one out I don't know if you've seen this guy Tik Tok it's stupid you know and do the minimal you can listen what you're doing is building bad habits there because you're going to transfer that over to your business be the best just quit if you're going to do that you don't want to be there but does it have to be that way no it doesn't when you've got the knowledge and the knowhow now if I was mentoring myself I'd be a millionaire a lot quicker than 27 would you do things different then I would do do things differently I'd go and get educated first of all that's the door the network and the education when you go and get educated there's other like-minded people that know stuff that you don't know that deal if it was worth what what did you say it was worth 180 it was 140 when I bought it this was worth 180 you got it for 140 that's a banging deal yes and then you just rented it out made a nice little bit of income from it that's it just give it a lick of paint and that's what I used to do in my evening and weekends after McDonald's after 8 to4 and after 5 6:00 I used to go around to my properties to go and do work on them and I used to get one of these Builders a handyman who just go at the end of a whole month will go just give me two grand for all of the work I've done I've had a new kitchen put in a new Partition stud walls put in a boiler system put in I said I'll run the pipes give me the drill bit I'll put the holes in do you still work really hard today I work hard in different areas I'm trying to build different businesses I try to stay productive all the time I think you're you've had it ingrained in you that you have to work hard probably from a young age it's a way of like I'd hit depression if I just sat in my room all day I feel the most wasted space yeah even though I've got a tap full of money going through all different accounts if I stayed at home feel like I'm a waste of space I'm good for but there's a difference between doing nothing and then slaving white McDonald's I mean now how many hours a week do you think you work I think I work more cuz I love the game you know building like you know some of the things that you've done to get reals out to get a YouTube build out that when I commit to something you're getting a YouTube video out a week you're getting it and you're getting a nice thumbnail and a title and SEO scores and tags if I told you you're going to get a new guest on take a seat podcast you're getting that every week I'm sending out DMS bro would you please come on my podcast oh you want £1,000 I'll find that budget for you cool for your time that's cool you have to take so many hits even at this level you should be able to say yeah you're a millionaire you can use your brand you can use your weight you can't you can't tell a next man to come on your podcast and he goes what you want me to come out I'm a celebrity I'm a singer you want me to jump on your p Just For The Love it's about the money it's about the game you know what I mean so we faced challenges and how many people don't reply to you cuz they don't know who you are or what you are or they don't want to give you time a day and you send 20 emails out not one person will go yeah I'll give you a shot m when money becomes worthless what do you think is going to be the safest investment asset class there is do you think Bitcoin do you think real estate do you think business do you think the stock market do you invest in the stock market I'm not a Trader I don't have time as I say because I don't know how to look at these Company accounts and so you agree what's profit to you though but diversify bro a bit here a bit there that that bit I don't have time for I ain't got that much capacity that's going to be looking at charts employees market cap you should you should invest in the stock market oh yeah 100% n no no it's not for me it's not for me I'm making too much money in other places it's overflowing bro it's overflowing you know what I mean most of my money comes in from property I then put stuff in Isis which are taxfree because I think you never know where you can Mo where you can move into that no I haven't done a CP yet because my most of my thing like I've just bought a pub with free Flats it was up 1.2 million I got it for 900 I've just got a 300 discount on that with no stamp Duty extra that you got to pay and I know it's in an area where it's going to be regenerated it's going to be 1.5 that's 5 600 I'd rather invest into that than put stuff where I can't use it that's start locking it away multimillionaire there you go mic in the property business you think still it always exists it always especially with planning my kids I guarantee you if you come to my house and you went oh Jaden can I borrow 100 quid he'll be like how much am I getting am I getting 20% Which is 20 like you know he'll ask me that yeah cuz you're teach about money they know you also got to teach him about lots of other stuff you got teach kids about money you got to teach them about mindset development I think the only way you can do that is take your kid out with you you know when you're going and do business deal I go you hold the keys yeah you hold the contract do not give the keys until we get the money yeah yeah Dad got it let be part of the deal yeah I I have to do that and people think oh you're cruel he's only nine he's only 11 you're cruel no you're cruel for not teaching your kid after 16 he's illegal age to walk out and do what the hell he wants exactly I want to give him as many skills as possible and download everything the best experience is experience yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @sukhrajattalia2431 [2 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  2. @curtisallen2824 [2 likes]: 👏🏼👏🏼

- The True Meaning Of Life (Animated Cinematic): Kind: captions Language: en-GB - [Narrator] Every day, over 150,000 people die. That's over 6,000 people every hour, over 100 people every minute, and about two people every single second. That means since you started watching this video, about 20 people have already died. (gentle music) And some of these people got hit by cars, others fell off a cliff, others may have had a heart attack, and others may have simply passed away from natural causes. Death is one of those things that every single living thing on Earth has in common, and death does not discriminate against your skin color, or your political beliefs, or where you were born, or how much money you have. No one can escape the incurable disease that we all are blessed with from birth called life. And it's interesting because even though we all logically know this, very few of us have really internalized this. How many of you have really sat down with your eyes closed in an empty room and truly imagined what your funeral would look like? Like who would even be at your funeral? Who would be there out of pure obligation and politeness, and who would be there because they actually wanted to be there. What would people say about you? What would they remember? And it's weird because you'd think because we all have this terminal disease called life, that we all would be more sympathetic and loving with one another. I mean, this life disease really is the one thing that all human beings have in common. Because in 120 years from now, every single human being on Earth will be dead, and a brand-new set of humans will be alive. And then in another 120 years after that, another brand new set of people will be alive. And this is the cycle of life. It just goes on and on and on. And when you start thinking about life like this, you really start to realize how short our time here on Earth really is. And you also start to realize that we all are on this journey together as one. And it also makes you question the way most people interact with one another. Like why do so many people get so angry with each other? Or why do people argue with each other? Why do people physically harm one another? Why are there so many parents who yell at their kids or even beat their kids? Why do so many spouses who supposedly love each other fight all the time? Why are there siblings who don't speak to each other to this day, over some disagreement that took place years ago? Why do best friends talk badly about each other behind each other's back? Why do human beings behave like this? I think a part of it is because we really have not sat down to really think about what the true meaning of life is. And I also think that most people really have not come to terms with the fact that they are not going to be here forever. And to be honest, I don't really claim to know what the true meaning of life is, okay? I think it's something that our human brain can't fully logically understand. It would kind of be like trying to explain consciousness to a dog or a cat or something. (chuckles) They just can't understand it. However, what I will say is there are some things that I think everyone should know. And I think the first step to actually understanding a topic like the meaning of life is to first align ourselves with the four truths of the universe. And the first truth is the truth of cause and effect, which means that every single thing you do or say has some kind of effect on the world around you and yourself. (gentle music continues) For example, let's say a number of years ago, you lost your temper and you got really mad at a loved one in your life. This could be a family member or a friend, or even that random person on the street, that one single incident where you lost it will have a lingering effect on that person to this day. Now, with that being said, it doesn't have to be some huge effect. It could be a very mild and small effect, and it could be buried deep within their subconscious that isn't necessarily visible on the exterior. But make no mistake, the effect is there and it will always be there. And there is nothing that you can do to undo that. And the reason why most people hate hearing this is because it instantly makes them accountable for every single thing that they have ever done, and being held accountable is something that most human beings hate. Now, to be clear, I'm not saying that we should all dwell in the past and feel sorry for ourselves, but what it does mean is that going forward, you should be very conscious of the things that you say and the things that you do within this world. And if you feel like you behaved in a way, or you really lost it on someone, you can always apologize to that person because it is never, ever too late to say I'm sorry. And the second truth of the universe is the law of impermanence, which means that every single thing here on Earth is temporary. Like our bodies, our minds, our relationships, even our brains. Even the video that you are watching right now, this video will probably be gone one day because the sun could explode and every single thing could be gone within a second. And funny enough, this is actually a good thing, and it shouldn't really make you feel bad or sad because it's none of those things. What it should make you do is really cherish each and every single moment that you have here on Earth. And to be clear, they don't have to be these big, special moments. They can be any moment, like that one time where you laughed so hard that tears fell from your eyes, or maybe it was that time where you simply were sitting alone and you were just gazing at the sunset. Because all we really have in this lifetime is the present moment. And the third truth is the law of suffering and attachment. Any time that we become attached to something or someone, you are basically making a contract with yourself to be unhappy, because like we just discussed, nothing here on Earth is permanent, which means that you will eventually lose that loved one, or you will eventually lose that watch, or that car, or that family member. Even your own body, you are going to lose. And the fourth truth is that we all are going to die one day. And the death truth is typically the toughest one for most people to accept because it often makes people really sad. But death does not have to be this horribly bad thing, or even a sad thing, because without death, the moments with our friends or our family would not really be that special or deep. Without death, everything would eventually become dull and meek and gray. And there would be no incentive to really love and cherish the moments that we have with one another. There would be no incentive to really laugh deeply, or love deeply, or even to be present. And these are the things that truly make life rich and worth living. And on top of that, death is one of those things that truly does connect all of us. Because it makes you realize that you and the seven other billion people here on Earth really are all on the same team, because this is our time. This is our time to collectively live life to the fullest as one. So the next time that you feel the need to yell at that loved one, or to yell at that person who cut you off in traffic, or to get revenge on that person who wronged you in the past, just remember that you are choosing to actively hurt your very own teammate. Make every moment count. Love deeply, laugh deeply, and be present to the moment, because at the end of the day, all we really have in life So don't let it go to waste. If you wanna learn more about life and motivation, then go ahead and click the video on the screen right now. I promise that you will love it. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you all very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MasculineMan [121 likes]: Subscribe :)
  2. @talesthatteach7373 [1 likes]: we are all team mates
  3. @kivancersoz2203 [1 likes]: I don't want to live forever , but I would love to have another chance or time to change somethings in my life.
  4. @AlexMoreno-s5h: Made want to continue living thank you
  5. @PPrinczYogi2onmeta: thump nail
  6. @burningwolffitness1900: bro basically explained stoicism
  7. @AyetLaarayedh: To really know the true meaning of life, I highly recommend reading about Islam.
  8. @sanithuhimansith8979: All these are teachings of Lord Buddha🙏⚜️Buddhism gives answers for existential crisis!
  9. @LiefTruths95: good
  10. @Champhodem: good
  11. @official.FilipPeriš: Most useless video ever
  12. @yashgaikwadyg: This video was the channels last video.
  13. @Lyn-h5e: @ my funeral lol I will be there I can’t wait
  14. @CEONovaTechnologies: The life it s a combination between pain and happiness.
  15. @BalancedOne-f2l: The Four Universal Truths:
The Truth of Cause and Effect (3:26-4:58): Every action or word has an impact on the world and others. Being aware of this fosters personal accountability, and the creator emphasizes that it is never too late to apologize for past behaviors.
The Law of Impermanence (4:59-5:57): Everything in life—our bodies, minds, and relationships—is temporary. Instead of viewing this as sad, we should use it as a reminder to cherish every moment we have.
The Law of Suffering and Attachment (5:58-6:26): Becoming overly attached to people or material things creates a cycle of unhappiness, as we are destined to eventually lose them due to the nature of impermanence.
The Truth of Death (6:27-7:30): Death is the one thing all humans share. Rather than a purely negative concept, it provides the incentive to live fully, love deeply, and treat others with kindness, as we are all essentially on the same journey.
Conclusion:
The video encourages viewers to move past conflicts and focus on the present moment (7:50-8:00). By recognizing that we are all on the same team, we can choose to live more sympathetically and intentionally.

On the universality of life: "No one can escape the incurable disease that we all are blessed with from birth called life" (0:36).
On our shared experience: "We all are on this journey together as one" (1:56).
On the nature of cause and effect: "Every single thing you do or say has some kind of effect on the world around you and yourself" (3:29).
On the beauty of impermanence: "Nothing here on Earth is permanent... this is actually a good thing and it shouldn't really make you feel bad or sad... what it should make you do is really cherish each and every single moment that you have" (5:00-5:32).
On attachment: "Anytime that we become attached to something or someone you are basically making a contract with yourself to be unhappy" (5:58).
On the importance of death: "Without death, the moments with our friends or our family would not really be that special or deep" (6:44).
On our collective responsibility: "The next time that you feel the need to yell at that loved one... just remember that you are choosing to actively hurt your very own teammate" (7:32-7:47).
  16. @AutismAlex: Wish we could age longer and still look like we are in our 30s even if we are 190 years.
  17. @Harpiendro: Life isn’t about the destination but the journey along the way
  18. @PhiChau-u8h: I’m amazed by how smoothly you explained everything!
  19. @oberyn2474: bullshit
  20. @shawnrayolguin3795: Shut up already

- Burna Boy - Real Life feat. Stormzy [Official Music Video]: Kind: captions Language: en it ain't like you hearing it and it's like moving you you know music is in the music you're making it's life it's like new life it's important for me to understand the state of mind and the life you live and [Music] vibe when i'm stepping in if a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't right i'm correcting it everybody know for sure i'm gonna take it so cross it isn't that your eyes when you're messaging i never subscribe to guys on the internet living for the cloud telling lies to depress again but the rest of them yes we are blessed but it's harder to see sometimes i'm trying to find my peace of mind you said how could you be so blind you just follow your dreams real life is that's the way it is me i know uh have you ever seen an older get frozen in time till they're younger than you because you've grown and they've died and all you have left is a hole in your mind a ghost in his prime frozen in time they don't get any more moments to shine just media alluding to involvement and crime left their family their friends and the whole ends behind don't look at me like that you think we pick and choose who gets to win and lose you think we don't sometimes want to walk in different shoes you think we don't see more for these gifted youths than pedoback shifts and moves or now your mom doesn't understand why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her son was stabbed nothing on earth can make your dad believe there's a good reason why you had to leave you left the man them too mad to grieve now your little sister's generation has to back the beef and no one knows why this had to be but it's real life and it's sad to see and imma be the reason i'm so pleased real life is for living but the price you've been given so please it's okay mommy don't have to cry

  Top Comments:
  1. @adizyVevo [12 likes]: You is still listening in 2026
  2. @DaisyVargas-r8e [9 likes]: Top notch🔥🔥
Can't deny Burna Boy been in his bag since day one, but that AUTHENTIC VIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now. 🔥💥
  3. @Kanguruhmjas1 [9 likes]: April 2026 still innit
  4. @fredakwakye48 [5 likes]: I’ll always come back ..been here from day 1 and it’s 2026 now
  5. @3eeklive [2 likes]: 2026 still hard
  6. @comedyhouseoflaughter [2 likes]: Global giant
  7. @Adamson-l2g [1 likes]: Listening this banger from 🇰🇪🔥 and, what about you ✌️
  8. @euriencarnacion3199 [1 likes]: 2:25 am ❤❤❤
  9. @DavidNnamdi-s7c7p [1 likes]: Good music no need advert ,burna is always great 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤
  10. @beegee4018 [1 likes]: Burna voice s0 Beautiful n Sexy Omgggg I'm in love with himmmmmm ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  11. @mikeshawns811 [1 likes]: 💐💐💐💐💐
  12. @Calixskate [1 likes]: I'm here on April 10th 2026
  13. @SamsonIfechukwu-b5m [1 likes]: Bad gee
  14. @BeekalGurung-es2or: ❤🫡🙏🇳🇵❤ true that❤
  15. @erickasabrint9436: GRTS
  16. @InatimiGodspower-n6m: I love burna boy, because he's making sense 🫶
  17. @AmbitioousKWEZAH: 🔥🔥
  18. @AhmedEssa-p6y: 3:51
  19. @HassanTunrayo: Feel good ❤❤
  20. @SamsonIfechukwu-b5m: 😢😊

- 74 and Still Can’t Retire: The Painful Truth About Growing Old Broke: Kind: captions Language: en At 69 years old, he still wakes up before sunrise. Not because he wants to, not because he loves the quiet of the morning, but because when you've spent your whole life worrying about money, your body forgets how to rest. His knees hurt before his feet even touch the floor. His back tightens as he sits up in bed. The room is small, quiet, and colder than it should be. There's no luxury here, no comfort, just a worn blanket, a weak cup of coffee, and another day that feels heavier than the one before. He worked all his life. That's the part nobody understands. This isn't a man who wasted his money chasing fantasies. He didn't spend decades gambling, drinking away paychecks, or making reckless choices. He did what America told him to do. He worked. He showed up. He stayed loyal. He kept going when he was tired, when he was sick, when he wanted to quit. He believed that if he gave his best years to the job, someday the job, the system, the country, something would give a little back. But now he's 69, and there's nothing left. No real savings, no paid-off house, no retirement that can carry him, no soft place to land, just bills, rent, medication, groceries, and a fear so constant it feels like background noise. He doesn't talk about it much. Men from his generation usually don't. They were taught to keep moving, keep providing, keep their problems to themselves. So, when the money started running out, he didn't tell anyone. When the credit card balances crept up, he kept smiling. When the doctor added another prescription, he nodded and said, "I'll figure it out." That phrase, "I'll figure it out," has carried millions of older Americans farther than it ever should have. Because the truth is, he already figured it out. He figured out that working hard doesn't guarantee security. He figured out that inflation doesn't care how old you are. He figured out that the same paycheck that once supported a family can now disappear in a week. And he figured out something even harder. You can do everything right and still end up with nothing. For decades, he believed retirement was a finish line, not a glamorous one. He wasn't dreaming about cruise ships or beach houses. He just imagined peace. Maybe a small porch. Maybe mornings without an alarm clock. Maybe enough money to buy groceries without checking the account first. Maybe enough left over to help the grandkids once in a while. That was the dream. Not wealth, not luxury, just dignity. But dignity has gotten expensive in America. Now even basic survival feels like a full-time job. Rent rises. Food costs more. Insurance goes up. Utilities climb. And every unexpected expense feels like a direct threat. A car repair. A dental bill. A trip to urgent care. One bad month can tear apart what little stability a person has left. And at 69, there is no magic recovery plan. There's no plenty of time to rebuild. There's no second act waiting around the corner. There's just the quiet panic of realizing that the years ahead may be smaller, harder, and more uncertain than all the years behind you. He remembers being young and hearing older people talk about struggle. Back then, he thought old age meant slowing down. He thought after 40 or 50 years of work, a person would at least earn the right to breathe. He never imagined he'd be this age, still doing mental math in the grocery store, still deciding which bill can wait, still wondering what happens if his body gives out before the bills due. That's the cruelest part. Aging is hard enough. Aging while broke is something else entirely. Because poverty in old age doesn't just take money. It takes choices. It takes freedom. It takes pride. It turns simple decisions into daily stress. Should he fill the prescription or pay the electric bill? Should he buy decent food or stretch cheap meals for another week? Should he ask for help or protect what little pride he has left? Most people never see this part. They see an older man moving slowly through a store. They see gray hair, worn clothes, tired eyes. What they don't see is the invisible math running through his head every second. They don't see the lifetime of labor in those hands. They don't see the disappointment, the betrayal, the exhaustion of realizing that after all those years of doing what he was told, he somehow arrived at the end with less than he started with. And the question keeps coming back over and over. How does a man work his whole life and still have nothing left? That question is bigger than one person. Because this story is not rare. It's not shocking because it's unusual. It's shocking because it's becoming normal. All across the country, older Americans are facing the same quiet collapse people who played by the rules, trusted the process, and are now staring at a future built on scarcity instead of rest. In this video, we're going to talk about what really happens when a lifetime of work no longer leads to security, and why so many people are reaching old age only to discover that survival never stopped. Let's be honest about something people don't like to say out loud. For a lot of Americans, retirement was never truly a promise. It was a story. A story told to working people so they would keep going, keep clocking in, keep sacrificing, keep believing that one day all the strain would make sense. Work hard, stay loyal, save what you can, and eventually you'll be okay. But what happens when okay never comes? What happens when a man spends 40, 50 years working with his hands, wearing out his body, missing family time, taking overtime, skipping vacations, saying yes to every extra shift he can handle, and still ends up staring at a bank account that can't carry him through the month? That's where this story turns from sad to brutal. Because by 69, it's not just about money anymore. It's about time. And time is the one thing he cannot earn back. When he was younger, every problem seemed temporary. If the car broke down, he could work more hours. If rent went up, he could pick up a weekend shift. If Christmas got expensive, he could grind a little harder and recover later. Later. That word used to feel comforting. Later, he'd catch up. Later, he'd save more. Later, things would settle down. Later, life would finally get easier. But later arrived, and it brought another bill, then another one, then another year. Somewhere along the way, later stopped being hope and became a lie. He didn't notice it at first. Most people don't. Financial ruin in old age rarely arrives with one dramatic moment. It shows up slowly, quietly. It hides in ordinary decisions. It's the years of earning just enough to survive, but never enough to build. It's the medical deductible that wipes out a tax refund, the emergency expense that goes on a credit card, the rent increase that quietly kills the little breathing room you had, the paycheck that covers today, but leaves nothing for tomorrow. And that's how a lifetime disappears. Not in one giant failure, but in thousands of small losses. A little here, a little there, a little every year, until one day you wake up nearly 70 years old and realize the system took your strength, your youth, your energy, and in return it That realization changes a person. It makes them quieter. He doesn't dream the same way anymore. He doesn't think in terms of 5-year plans. He thinks in weeks, in due dates, in whether the old car will make it another month, in whether the pain in his chest is stress or something worse, in whether he can afford to find out. And maybe the hardest part is this. He's embarrassed. Not because he did something shameful, but because this country has taught people to treat financial hardship like a personal failure. So, instead of saying, "I worked in a broken system," he says, "Maybe I should have done more. Maybe I should have saved more. Maybe I should have invested earlier. Maybe I should have taken a different job. Maybe I should have known." But that kind of guilt is cruel. Because it rewrites history with information he didn't have when he was living it. When you're raising kids, paying rent, putting food on the table, helping family, dealing with layoffs, illness, inflation, debt, and everyday survival, you're not sitting around building some perfect retirement strategy. You're trying to get through the week. That's what so many people miss. Poverty in old age does not always come from irresponsibility. Sometimes it comes from responsibility. From spending your life taking care of everyone else first. From choosing the practical path again and again, until there's nothing left for you. He paid for school clothes. He paid for gas. He paid for repairs. He paid for birthdays, holidays, medicine, groceries, and emergencies. He paid for life, and life kept sending invoices. Now the people around him may assume he's fine. After all, he's still standing, still showing up, still saying, "I'm okay." But I'm okay can mean many things when you're older. It can mean, "I skipped that meal, but I'm okay. I'm behind on the bill, but I'm okay. My body hurts every day, but I'm okay. I'm terrified about the future, but I'm okay. That phrase becomes a kind of armor. Thin armor, but armor nonetheless. Because what's the alternative? Tell your children you're drowning? Tell your friends you can't afford the basics? Admit that after all these years, you're one emergency away from collapse? A lot of older people would rather suffer in silence than feel like a burden. And that silence is everywhere. It lives in cheap apartments and old mobile homes, in grocery store aisles and pharmacy lines, in senior discount days and overdue notices, in tired faces that smile politely while carrying a level of stress no one their age should still be carrying. This is not the retirement they imagined. This is endurance. This is survival in slow motion. And what makes it even worse is watching the world move on as if none of this is happening. Advice keeps coming from people who don't understand the weight of being old and broke. Just budget better. Just downsize. Just get a part-time job. As if a 69-year-old body can simply absorb more labor. As if the answer to a lifetime of exhaustion is more exhaustion. There comes a point where hustle is no longer heroic. It's heartbreaking. A man should not have to spend the final stretch of his life panicking over rent, counting prescription pills, or choosing between pride and survival. But for millions, that is exactly what old age has become. And once you see it clearly, you can't unsee it. Because this isn't only about one man losing money. It's about what he lost trying to earn it. His strength, his time, his peace of mind, his chance to rest. And now, with fewer years ahead than behind, he is left asking the kind of question that keeps people awake at night. If a lifetime of work still ends like this, what exactly was all that work for? There is a special kind of loneliness that comes with getting older and realizing your struggle is invisible, not hidden, and visible. People can see that you're aging. They can see the wrinkles, the slower walk, the tired posture, but they cannot see what it feels like to carry decades of effort inside a body that has almost nothing to show for it. At 69, he is not just tired. He is worn down in a way that younger people rarely understand. He knows what it means to keep going when you have no real option. He knows what it means to smile through bad news because breaking down won't pay the bill. He knows what it means to hear people say, "These should be your golden years." And wonder what gold they're talking about because there is nothing golden about fear. There is nothing golden about checking your bank balance before buying bread. There is nothing golden about pretending not to need help. There is nothing golden about sitting alone at night wondering how many more years your body can keep carrying a burden your heart is already tired of holding. And yet, this is where so many older Americans end up not retired, not secure, not comfortable, just surviving one more month and hoping nothing goes wrong. That phrase matters. Hoping nothing goes wrong. Because when you're young, mistakes can hurt you. When you're old and broke, mistakes can destroy you. A missed payment can spiral fast. A health problem can become a financial crisis overnight. A small setback can open the door to something far worse. Eviction, debt, dependency, humiliation. That is the emotional reality of late-life poverty. It is not just about lacking money. It is about living with almost no margin for error, no cushion, no safety net that feels real. Just a fragile arrangement held together by discipline, denial, and luck. And luck is a dangerous thing to depend on when you're 69. Maybe that's why he keeps replaying the past in his mind. Not because he enjoys it, but because when the future feels unstable, people start searching the past for answers. He thinks about the years he worked through pain, the times he said yes when his body was begging for no, the weekends he lost, the family moments he missed, the opportunities he passed up because the practical choice always seemed safer than the risky one. He remembers trusting employers who promised stability. He remembers believing that loyalty mattered. He remembers years when a raise felt meaningful, when groceries didn't feel like punishment, when the future still seemed reachable. And maybe what hurts most is not that he has little money now. Maybe what hurts most is the feeling that he was useful for so long, and now the world has no use for his sacrifice. That kind of pain is hard to describe. A man can spend his whole life being needed, needed at work, needed at home, needed by children, by family, by everyone who relied on him to stay strong. Then one day he gets older, slower, more expensive to insure, less able to keep up. And suddenly the same world that demanded everything from him begins to look through him, as if his struggle is outdated, as if his hardship is his own private failure, as if decades of labor can simply be erased by one painful fact. He is old, and he does not have enough. That's when shame starts trying to write the story. Shame says he should have planned better. Shame says he should have been smarter. Shame says if he ended up here, he must have done something wrong. But shame lies because the truth is millions of people are reaching this stage of life exhausted, underfunded, and deeply afraid not because they were lazy, but because they lived in a system where wages lagged behind reality, where emergencies swallowed savings, where healthcare costs punished the vulnerable, and where simply staying alive kept getting more expensive. He is not an exception. He is a warning. A warning about what happens when work becomes a lifetime offering and security never arrives. A warning about what happens when people are praised for resilience while being denied stability. A warning about a culture that celebrates hard work, but too often abandons the people who gave their hardest years. And still, every morning he gets up. That might be the most heartbreaking part of all. He still gets up. He still folds the same clothes, drinks the same coffee, checks the same numbers, and tries to stretch what cannot be stretched. He still speaks carefully, spends carefully, hopes carefully. He still protects other people from the truth of how scared he is. Because even now, after everything, some part of him still believes it is his job to carry the weight quietly. That is what his generation learned. Don't complain. Don't burden others. Handle it. Push through. Stay strong. But strength, when abused for decades, starts to look a lot like suffering. And suffering, when normalized, becomes easy for society to ignore. That is why stories like this matter. Because they force us to look directly at something many people would rather avoid. The possibility that an honest life can still end in instability. That a good person can still grow old in fear. That decades of effort can still be met with emptiness. 69 years of work, nothing left. That line sounds dramatic until you realize for many people, it is not drama. It is a summary. A summary of sacrifice without security, of discipline without reward, of survival without peace. And if that doesn't shake something in us, it should. Because no one who spent a lifetime working should arrive at old age feeling disposable. No one should have to wonder whether one bad month will erase what little dignity they still have. No one should spend their final chapters apologizing for needing what they already spent a lifetime earning. In the last part, we're going to talk about the deeper lesson behind this story and why this quiet crisis says something painful, not just about one man's life, but about the kind of society we've built. The hardest truth in this story is not that one man is struggling at 69. The hardest truth is that he did what he was supposed to do. He worked. He stayed responsible. He kept showing up. He carried his share. And still, here he is older, tired, and staring at the possibility that the very years meant for rest may become the years of greatest fear. That should disturb all of us. Because when a society can take decades of labor from someone and still leave them anxious about food, housing, medicine, and survival, that is not just personal tragedy. That is moral failure on a larger scale. We like stories with clear villains. We like to believe there was one bad choice, one reckless decision, one obvious mistake that explains how a person ends up in pain. But life is rarely that simple. More often, people arrive here through slow erosion, through years of doing their best in conditions that never gave them enough room to build real safety. And that's what makes this story so powerful. It forces us to ask a question many people spend their whole lives avoiding. What does hard work actually guarantee anymore? For some people, work still creates comfort. For others, it only delays disaster. And for far too many older Americans, it becomes a long road that leads not to peace, but to exhaustion. That is why 69 years of work, nothing left hits so hard. Because it is not only about money. It is about expectation. It is about betrayal. It is about the quiet heartbreak of realizing that the contract you believed in was never truly written for you. He gave his labor in good faith. He gave his time, his strength, his youth. He trusted that the future would hold some reward for discipline, some shelter for sacrifice, some dignity for endurance. Instead, he got older. The bills got bigger. The safety net got thinner. And the dream got pushed further away. By now, he no longer needs motivation. He no longer needs slogans about grinding harder or thinking more positively. What he needed was a fairer chance, a system that did not demand everything while returning so little. A life where growing old did not feel like slowly falling through the cracks. And maybe that is the real lesson here. Not that people should be afraid, but that people should wake up. Wake up to how fragile security really is. Wake up to how many older people are suffering in silence. Wake up to the reality that millions are one crisis away from the same ending. Because once you understand that, this story stops being about him and starts becoming about all of us. About our parents, our neighbors, our future selves. None of us stay young forever. None of us outrun time. And one day, all the things we are postponing, all the peace we think we will enjoy later, will be tested by reality. That is why this subject matters so much. It is not just sad content. It is not just another emotional headline. It is a mirror. A mirror showing what happens when a lifetime of usefulness is not matched by a lifetime of protection. A mirror showing how easily dignity can become unaffordable. A mirror asking whether a person should really have to earn rest over and over again, right up until the end. And still, even in all this pain, there is something deeply human about him. He keeps going. That does not mean he is not broken in places. It does not mean he is not scared. It does not mean he has accepted what happened. It means that somewhere beneath the disappointment, beneath the fatigue, beneath the years of being let down, there is still a stubborn part of him that refuses to disappear. That part deserves respect. Not because struggle is beautiful. Not because hardship makes people noble. But because surviving this kind of life takes a strength that most people will never fully understand. So, when you hear a story like this, don't reduce it to pity. See it clearly. See the decades behind the wrinkles. See the labor behind the silence. See the fear behind the phrase, "I'm fine." See the reality behind the headline. 69 years of work. Nothing left. For some, it sounds unbelievable. For others, it sounds familiar. And that is exactly why we need to talk about it. Because no person should spend a lifetime building a world they cannot afford to grow old in. No one should work themselves into old age only to discover that survival never ended. No one should reach 69 and feel like the reward for endurance is simply more endurance. If this story moved you, let it stay with you. Let it challenge the easy assumptions. Let it remind you that many older people are carrying burdens they never speak about. And let it force one final question to the surface, the question at the heart of everything we talked about today. If a man can work nearly his entire life and still have nothing left, what does that say about the world that took everything from him?

  Top Comments:
  1. @chuckhostetler4906: I'm turning 70 soon and I know not all of them had bad things happen to them. I remember back when people wouldn't work overtime, two jobs forget it, take the extra money and invest into the stock market can't do that Uncle Joe did and lost it all. Not counting all the bad habits of smoking, drinking, gambling, and I don't even want to bring up all the tattoos. Unfortunately people just couldn't see that putting away 2000 dollars a year for decades did become 1,000,000 dollars. Thank God my wife and I could see it.
  2. @robertwalker5521: .."no real savings"....what does that mean.When he was in his 20's,  a 5%
saving/investing each paycheck would 
have been sufficient to live very nicely .

There are numerous questions that need answered to divulge the 
numerous mistakes .

- The PAINFUL TRUTH - The Success that almost cost a BLACK MAN EVERYTHING: Kind: captions Language: en what if everything you believed about success was a lie we're taught that once you reach the top life gets easier that money power and Status are the ultimate proof that you've made it but what if the very thing you thought was a reward was actually a trap Malcolm Hayes had it all wealth influence a name that commanded respect he built his Empire from nothing turning struggle into Triumph but one night he walked into his multi-million dollar penthouse and saw something that shattered everything he believed his father the man who raised him the man he worked his entire life to provide for was on his knees scrubbing the floor why why would a man who had everything still choose to work like he had nothing what happened next changed Malcolm forever and by the end of this story it might just change you too the city of crestford pulsed with life its skylight a jagged silhouette Against The Storm heavy Sky Sheets of Rain lashed against the Towering glass structures their Reflections flickering like ghosts in the puddles below the streets always Restless were a symphony of honking horns hurried footsteps and the occasional shout of Street vendors still hoping to make a last sail before the downpour drove everyone inside from the penthouse office of Hayes Global Enterprises Malcolm Hayes stood by the floor to ceiling window a crystal glass of whiskey in his hand the golden liquid swirled lazily as he took a slow sip his gaze locked on the world below a world he had conquered his name was printed on buildings whispered in boardrooms and respected in circles that once would have never let a man like him in he had built an Empire with nothing but ambition sleepless nights and an unshakable belief that he was D ined for more yet as the rain pounded against the glass an unease settled deep in his chest Mr Hayes a soft voice broke the silence his assistant Victoria stood near the doorway her usual poised demeanor slightly hesitant what is it Malcolm's voice was smooth controlled a tone honed through years of commanding rooms filled with powerful men your car is ready she said shifting slightly on her heels will you be heading straight home Malcolm exhaled rolling his shoulders back as if shaking off the strange weight pressing against him yeah he muttered setting the glass down with a soft clink send a message to Parker I want the Tokyo numbers on my desk first thing in the morning of course Victoria nodded watching as he grabbed his coat and strowed past her his usual confidence in every step but she noticed something different tonight A flicker of something in his eyes doubt maybe it was just the storm the black luxury sedan glided through the streets raindrops streaking across the tinted windows Malcolm leaned back against the leather seat the dim city lights flashing across his face as they passed through the neon glow of crestford financial district his driver an older man named Eugene who had been with him for years remained silent he knew better than to interrupt Malcolm's thoughts Malcolm closed his eyes but rest wouldn't come his mind raced through stock prices acquisition deals board meetings all the things that made up his world but beneath that something GED him an itch he couldn't scratch the car pulled up to his building a Sleek high-rise that screamed exclusivity he stepped out nodding at the doorman before heading straight for the elevator the moment the doors closed he exhaled sharply rubbing his temples by the time he reached his Penthouse floor his mask of composure was firmly back in place the doors slid open revealing the immaculate space he called home dark marble floors plush Furniture a Skyline View that could make anyone feel Invincible but something was off a faint sound the rhythmic swish of fabric against tile the scent of cleaning solution mixing with the usual faint Aroma of leather and aged whiskey Malcolm's steps slowed as he turned the corner into the grand living area then stopped cold there on his knees scrubbing the pristine marble floor with a worn out rag was his father Benjamin Hayes the man who had raised him with callous hands and quiet wisdom now punched over his strong aging fingers working against the Spotless surface his graying hair curled slightly at the ends damp with sweat his broad shoulders once the foundation of Malcolm's world now seemed smaller weighed down by something unseen for a moment Malcolm could do nothing but stare the scene before him felt surreal like a nightmare stitched into reality his throat tightened anger and Fusion clashing in his chest like an electric storm what the hell are you doing his voice was sharp cutting through the air like a whip Benjamin barely looked up his deep brown eyes calm steady just as they had always been he wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead then resumed his work cleaning the Simplicity of the answer only fueled the fire in Malcolm's veins his fists clenched at his sides as he took a step closer why he demanded you don't have to do this I have people for this why are you on the damn floor like like what Benjamin interrupted finally meeting his son's gaze his voice was gentle but there was something in it something unshakable Malcolm swallowed his jaw tightening like some kind of worker Benjamin smiled then a small knowing smile that only deepened Malcolm's frustration because I am one the words landed like a punch to Malcolm's gut he shook his head exhaling sharply no dad you don't have to work anymore I made sure of that you have everything you need you don't have to lift a damn finger for the rest of your life Benjamin leaned back on his heels resting his forearm on his knee he studied Malcolm for a long moment as if searching for something something in his son's face you think work is just about money he asked finally Malcolm blinked what else would it be about Benjamin chuckled shaking his head Lord have mercy I failed you somewhere didn't I the words made something inside Malcolm Flinch though he didn't know why his father sighed pushing himself up to stand even in his old age there was a strength in the way he moved a quiet dignity that made Malcolm feel suddenly small come sit it Benjamin gestured toward the couch Malcolm hesitated his whole body was still stiff with frustration but there was something in his father's gaze that made it impossible to say no with a deep breath he followed sinking onto the couch across from the man who had shaped him the storm outside raged on Lightning casting sharp Shadows against the wall but inside an even greater storm was brewing between Father and Son one that would change Malcolm's life forever the storm outside raged on its Fury mirrored in the quiet but palpable tension inside Malcolm Hayes's Penthouse the high-rise Windows trembled as the wind howled and Rain streaked across the glass like frantic brush Strokes against the night yet the chaos of the city outside was nothing compared to the turmoil built buing within him Malcolm sat stiffly on the leather couch his elbows resting on his knees fingers laced tightly together his father Benjamin Hayes sat across from him casual unbothered as if he had every right to be here as if nothing about this situation was strange but it was strange it was wrong his father his father was cleaning his floors Malcolm's mind still struggled to make sense sense of what he had walked into Benjamin had always been a man of principle a man who had worked hard his entire life but malcol had changed that he had built an Empire to ensure that his father would never have to struggle again and yet there he was on his knees scrubbing the floor like he had no place in this house other than as a worker Malcolm exhaled slowly trying to keep keep his frustration in check he prided himself on his ability to remain composed negotiation tables boardroom debates even hostile takeovers nothing rattled him but this this was different this isn't necessary dad Malcolm said his voice measured but tight why are you doing this Benjamin leaned back against the couch stretching his legs out like he had all the time in the world his hands rough and worn from years of Labor rested easily on his knees there was no hint of shame in his expression no regret just that quiet wisdom Malcolm had grown up with because the floor was dirty Benjamin said simply Malcolm closed his eyes for half a second pressing his fingers against his Temple he should have expected that answer his father had always been infuriatingly straightforward I have staff for that Malcolm said trying again people who are paid to do it I wasn't looking to get paid that's not the point Malcolm leaned forward his voice dipping lower you shouldn't be doing this you don't have to do this Benjamin tilted his head slightly considering his son is that what bothers you he asked his voice even that I don't have to Malcolm frowned of course that's what bothers me Benjamin chuckled shaking his head no son what's bothering you is that you came home expecting to see your father in Comfort maybe reading a book sipping on some of that expensive tea you keep in the cabinet instead you saw me on my knees working and that made you uncomfortable Malcolm's jaw clenched Benjamin leaned forward now resting his elbows on his knees tell me something Malcolm do you think work is beneath me Malcolm exhaled sharply that's not what I'm saying but you think it don't you Benjamin pressed his voice was calm but there was something behind it something Malcolm recognized from his childhood his father was teaching him a lesson Malcolm stood abruptly running a hand over his face he turned toward the window the city stretching out beneath him endless and vast the lights below blinked like stars tiny compared to the height of his success I just don't understand Malcolm muttered I worked my whole life to make sure you never had to struggle again and you he turned back toward his father gesturing to the bucket the rag you I choose to do this Benjamin nodded I do why Malcolm demanded you have everything anything you want I can give you I have given you why would you because I'm not you Malcolm the words stopped Malcolm cold Benjamin's gaze was steady unwavering you built your life around never having to work the way I did and I respect that but I built my life around something different work isn't a punishment to me it's not about struggle it's about purpose Mal chest tightened you don't need a purpose anymore dad Benjamin smiled a small knowing smile son purpose isn't something you retire from the silence stretched between them thick with unspoken words Malcolm wanted to argue he wanted to tell his father that he had earned the right to rest that no one would ever see him as anything less if he simply allowed himself to enjoy the life Malcolm had built built for him but as he looked into his father's eyes he saw something deeper this wasn't about money it wasn't about success it wasn't even about work this was about identity Benjamin Hayes wasn't a man who measured his worth by Comfort he had spent decades working with his hands building things fixing things providing for his family in the only way he knew how and now his son a man who had built his world on wealth and power was telling him that all of that had no value Malcolm sat back down running a hand over his jaw the storm outside had quieted the E rained now a soft hum against the windows I don't get it Malcolm admitted his voice quieter now I really don't Benjamin smiled again softer this time that's all right he said you will Malcolm didn't know why but those words sent a chill down his spine the rain had slowed to a steady drizzle soft patters against the floor to seiling Windows of Malcolm Hayes's Penthouse the storm outside had quieted but inside the air remained thick with unspoken words Malcolm sat on the couch his jaw tight his fingers drumming restlessly against his knee his father Benjamin Hayes sat across from him relaxed completely unfazed like a man who had nothing to prove it was infuriating Malcolm had spent his entire life trying to give his father more more than the backbreaking labor more than the sleepless nights more than the exhaustion of stretching every dollar just to make ends meet he had built an Empire so that his father would never have to lift another finger and yet there he was was cleaning floors in his home Benjamin on the other hand seemed completely at peace he leaned back into the couch his rough hands resting on his thighs his expression unreadable so let me get this straight Malcolm said finally his voice measured though frustration still laced every word you choose to do this Benjamin exhaled slowly that's right why Malcolm pressed his eyes locked onto his father's searching for something anything that would make this make sense sure of that you've earned the right to rest Benjamin smiled that same knowing infuriatingly calm smile rest from what son from work Malcolm snapped leaning forward his elbows on his knees from having to scrub floors from having to he gestured vaguely his voice Rising with frustration this Benjamin tilted his head slightly his gaze steady and you think work is something a man needs to be freed from Malcolm blinked his breath hitching slightly at the weight of the question he didn't know why but something about it made him uncomfortable you worked so hard your whole life Malcolm argued shaking his head I watched you I saw how exhausted you were how much you sacrificed I built all of this so that you wouldn't have to anymore and now you're telling me you want to be on your hands and knees cleaning floors Benjamin chuckled softly shaking his head I never worked because I had to Malcolm I worked because it gave me purpose Malcolm's frustration flared again purpose dad you don't need to work for purpose you could travel relax do things you actually enjoyy instead of instead of what Benjamin interrupted his voice a calm but firm instead of doing something useful Malcolm opened his mouth but nothing came out Benjamin leaned forward now resting his elbows on his knees let me ask you something son if I stopped working if I sat around all day doing nothing if I let others do everything for me who would I be Malcolm frowned you'd still be my father you'd still be you Benjamin nodded slowly and who is that the question hit Malcolm in a way he wasn't prepared for for years he had seen his father as the man who sacrificed the man who worked multiple jobs who came home with grease stained hands who fell asleep in A Worn Out Chair but still woke up Before Dawn to do it all over again he had built himself from the ground up not with money but with sheer grit but now looking at the man before him Malcolm realized his father had never seen that as a burden he had seen it as an honor Benjamin exhaled his gaze steady you think Money Changes who a man is Malcolm malcol hesitated I think it can his father nodded it can but it doesn't have to he leaned back tapping his fingers against the Couch's armrest I spent my whole life working with my hands building things fixing things I take pride in that I don't do it because I have to I do it because it's who I am Malcolm clenched his jaw but I worked so that you wouldn't have to be that man anymore Benjamin's expression softened and what if I never wanted to stop being that man the silence that followed was thick heavy Malcolm looked away running a hand over his face this wasn't how he thought this conversation would go he had expected his father to understand to see the luxury around him the success and finally allow himself to enjoy it without feeling the need to do something but instead Malcolm was the one struggling to understand Benjamin let out a small sigh standing up and stretching his arms over his head you've done well for yourself son he said after a moment I'm proud of you Malcolm swallowed hard but his father chuckled shaking his head no but just proud the words settled in Malcolm's chest heavy and warm he couldn't remember the last time he had heard them so plainly Benjamin walked over to the cleaning supplies picking up the rag he had been using earlier he turned back to Malcolm Amusement dancing in his eyes don't worry I won't be cleaning your floors again Malcolm raised an eyebrow promise Benjamin smirked no Malcolm let out a breath that was somewhere between a laugh and a sigh you're impossible you know that Benjamin clapped him on the shoulder as he passed and you're still learning Malcolm watched as his father walked toward the hallway disappearing into the guest room leaving him alone with his thoughts outside the rain had stopped but inside Malcolm's mind a storm still raged the night stretched long after Benjamin disappeared down the hall leaving Malcolm alone with a mind full of questions he wasn't ready to answer the city outside had settled into a quiet hum the storm now reduced to the occasional distant Rumble yet inside Malcolm's chest the Thunder still rolled he leaned back against the couch staring at the ceiling his thoughts circling like a predator waiting for the right moment to strike he had spent his life believing that success was measured in the weight of one's wallet in the number of buildings bearing his name in the power to walk into any room and command attention but tonight for the first time in years Malcolm felt small his father had everything a life free from struggle a home he didn't have to clean money he would never run out of but instead of embracing it he chose to kneel on the floor and scrub like nothing had changed like nothing Malcolm had built mattered Malcolm exhaled sharply shaking his head it wasn't just confusion gwing at him it was something deep deeper something that felt dangerously close to hurt he pushed himself off the couch his frustration bubbling over he wasn't going to spend the night trapped in his own mind with long purposeful strides he walked down the hallway and knocked firmly on the guest room door no answer dad Malcolm called out still nothing malcol side pushing the door open Benjamin sat on the edge of the bed legs apart hands clasped together staring out the window as if the skyline held answers to questions Malcolm didn't even know how to ask the soft glow of the city lights reflected against his dark skin deepening the lines on his face each one a mark of years well-lived Malcolm stepped inside you awake Benjamin smirked if I wasn't I am now Malcolm crossed his arms leaning against the door door frame we need to talk Benjamin stretched his back letting out a small grunt before looking up that right Malcolm nodded his expression serious all right son Benjamin patted the space next to him on the bed talk Malcolm hesitated for a moment before walking over sitting beside his father mirroring his posture elbows on his knees hands clasped eyes staring ahead the silence stretched between them Malcolm exhaled slowly I don't get it Dad Benjamin turned his head slightly don't get what this Malcolm gestured vaguely trying to grasp the words that felt just Out Of Reach the way you see things the way you live you worked hard your whole life sacrificed everything for me and now when you finally have the chance to rest you're still working still choosing to work why Benjamin chuckled shaking his head you think rest means doing nothing Malcolm frowned doesn't it his father exhaled rubbing his palms together before turning fully toward him son you worked your whole life to make sure you never had to struggle the way I did and I respect that but let me ask you something are you happy Malcolm blinked what are you happy Malcolm Benjamin repeated his voice gentle but firm with all your money your power your big office on the top floor do you ever wake up in the morning and feel happy Malcolm opened his mouth but no words came out he wanted to say yes wanted to say that waking up in luxury knowing he had the world at his fingertips was enough but the truth sat heavy on his tongue Benjamin nodded knowing ly that's what I thought Malcolm clenched his jaw dad just because I don't go around scrubbing floors doesn't mean I'm unhappy I never said it did then what are you saying I'm saying that a man without purpose is just a rich man with an expensive bed and no reason to get out of it Malcolm exhaled sharply I have purpose Benjamin raised an eyebrow do you Malcolm turned toward him his frustration Rising again of course I do I run one of the biggest corporations in the country I employ thousands of people I've built everything from nothing you think that's not purpose Benjamin studied him carefully it's success but is it purpose Malcolm scoffed shaking his head dad not everyone finds meaning in cleaning floors and fixing things with their hands some of us are meant for bigger things Benjamin let out a deep breath nodding slowly and you think what I do is small Malcolm hesitated he hadn't meant to say it like that but Benjamin smiled but sad let me tell you a story Malcolm sighed dad just listen Malcolm closed his mouth leaning back slightly Benjamin's gaze drifted past the window as he spoke when you were a boy we lived in that little apartment over on Rosewood you remember Malcolm nodded slowly he remembered the cramped space The Leaky ceiling the way the heat barely worked in the winter you were about seven Benjamin continued one day I came home from work and you were sitting at the table struggling with your homework you were frustrated ready to give up and I sat down next to you took your pencil and showed you how to solve the problem do you remember what you said to me Malcolm's brow furrowed digging through faded memories he shook his head Benjamin smiled you're so smart dad you should be a teacher Malcolm let out a small breath of amusement I don't remember that I do Benjamin's voice was quieter now because that was the first time I realized something I never had the luxury of a fancy degree I wasn't a businessman or a scholar or a politician but I was teaching you in my own way through my work through my hands through the way I carried myself he met Malcolm's gaze and that was enough for me Malcolm swallowed hard I don't need money to tell me I have value Benjamin continued I don't need power to know my worth I worked hard son but I lived hard too and I never forgot who I was along the way Malcolm exhaled slowly rubbing a hand over his face his father's words dug deep unearthing things he wasn't sure he was ready to face Benjamin patted his knee and stood I'm going to bed he said stretching his arms with a small grunt you should get some rest too Malcolm watched as his father made his way to the door pausing briefly before stepping out and Malcolm Malcolm looked up you built a life most men would envy but don't forget to live in it then he was gone leaving Malcolm alone in the quiet the weight of his father's words pressing heavier than ever the Morning Light crept through the penthouse Windows cutting through the remnants of night like a quiet Revelation Malcolm Hayes had barely slept his father father's words echoed in his mind each syllable pressing against the walls of his thoughts demanding space are you happy a man out of it Malcolm sat at the edge of his bed his elbows resting on his thighs staring at the floor as if it held the answers the world outside was already awake the hum of the city Rising like an unrelenting tide but inside there was only Stillness he had spent his entire life proving that he was more than where he came from that the struggling boy from Rosewood had transformed into someone who mattered someone whose name carried weight in the highest circles but last night his father had made him question something he had never allowed himself to before was success enough with a deep breath Malcolm stood stretching out the tension in his shoulders he grabbed his phone flicking through emails messages deals that needed closing numbers that needed reviewing but instead of responding he set the phone back down for the first time in years he ignored the demands of his Empire he needed to see something an hour later Malcolm pulled into the parking lot of the cresford community center it was an old brick building unassuming with a fading mural on one side depicting a group of children playing it was the kind of place that most people in his world never thought about never needed to think about but his father came here every week Malcolm stepped out of his car adjusting the cuff of his tailored shirt before heading toward the entrance the moment he walked through the doors the air shifted it smelled of old books fresh coffee and floor wax nothing like the sterile curated spaces he was used to the sound of laughter echoed from the hallways mixed with the rhythmic squeak of sneakers on a gym floor a group of teenagers huddled near the front desk their conversation stopping as they noticed him he wasn't exactly dressed for this place a woman behind the desk looked up her eyes narrowing slightly before recognition dawned Malcolm Hayes she said her voice holding a mix of surprise and curiosity Malcolm offered a tight smile I'm looking for Benjamin hay her expression softened he's in the back with the boys she gestured toward a hallway and Malcolm nodded making his way past faded posters about literacy programs and job fairs when he reached the open door at the end of the hall he stopped inside his father stood in the middle of a workshop surrounded by young men late teens early 20s each one watching him intently as he demonstrated something with his hands a wooden chair sat between them half assembled its frame held together with clamps you see this Benjamin said tapping the frame you rush the process you don't let the joint settle and it all falls apart the moment you put weight on it life's the same way you cut cut Corners you skip the hard parts and sooner or later you collapse the boys nodded some taking notes others just absorbing his words Malcolm felt something tighten in his chest this wasn't just a hobby for his father this was his purpose dad Malcolm said stepping inside Benjamin turned his face lighting up with a mixture of surprise and something else something Malcolm couldn't quite Place well look who finally came down from his castle Benjamin teased the boys chuckled and Malcolm forced a smirk thought I'd see what all the fuss was about Benjamin gestured toward the workt you ever built something with your hands Malcolm Malcolm scoffed I build companies I said with your hands Benjamin clarified handing him a small wooden dowel not with a pen the boy Bo watched as Malcolm hesitated before taking the piece of wood turning it in his fingers it was smooth solid Benjamin pointed at the half-built chair you want to understand what I do help me finish this Malcolm exhaled loosening the buttons at his cuffs before rolling up his sleeves he stepped forward accepting the challenge for the next hour Malcolm followed his father's instructions he sanded edges measured joints and fit pieces together each movement foreign yet strangely grounding the boys watched in Fascination as Malcolm the Malcolm Hayes billionaire corporate giant knelt beside his father adjusting a wooden frame like an apprentice at one point Benjamin chuckled you're holding that all wrong Malcolm frowned I don't see you correcting anyone else they don't act like they already know everything Benjamin shot back the room erupted in laughter Malcolm shook his head but even he couldn't stop the small smile tugging at his lips by the time they were finished the chair stood upright sturdy and whole Benjamin patted it proudly now that he said is something worth sitting on Malcolm wiped his hands on his slacks staring at the finished product he had closed million dooll deals made decisions that shaped entire Industries but standing there looking at the simple chair he had helped build he felt unexpected satisfaction Benjamin clapped a hand on his shoulder you see son it's not about what you build it's about why you build it malom looked at him really looked at him and for the first time he understood his father hadn't refused luxury out of stubborness he hadn't kept working because he didn't appreciate what Malcolm had done for him he had done it because this guiding teaching creating was what made him feel alive Malcolm exhaled rubbing the back of his neck you know he said this might be the first time I've ever gotten my hands dirty Benjamin grinned then it's about time son as they stood there surrounded by young men who saw Benjamin as more than just an old worker as a mentor a guide Malcolm realized something his father wasn't beneath him he was above him in ways Malcolm had never acknowledged before and maybe just maybe Malcolm had spent his entire life climbing the wrong ladder the city of crestford buzzed as usual horns blaring feet scuffling against the pavement conversations blending into the chaotic Symphony of urban life but for Malcolm Hayes everything felt different for years he had moved through this city with the conf Ence of a king surveying his kingdom his Empire stretched across Industries his name carried weight in boardrooms filled with the most powerful people in the world yet as he sat in his Sleek office surrounded by walls of glass and steel he found himself staring at his hands rough patches of dried glue still clung to his skin remnants of the chair he had built with his father the sensation was foreign the evidence of manual labor clashing against everything he had built his life to avoid but he hadn't washed it off he didn't want to a knock at the door pulled him from his thoughts Mr Hayes Victoria his assistant peaked in her usual composed expression faltering when she saw him sitting there uncharacteristically still your meeting with the board starts in 10 minutes Malcolm nodded but didn't move Victoria hesitated everything all right sir he looked up at her really looked at her for years she had been by his side anticipating his every move ensuring his world ran flawlessly he had never once asked her if she liked the work if she felt fulfilled he cleared his throat Victoria are you happy her brows furrowed sir are you happy with this job with what we do she opened her mouth then closed it caught off guard by the sudden question I I mean I suppose so it's a good position good salary Malcolm leaned back in his chair that's not what I asked Victoria blinked shifting on her feet she was always composed always efficient but now for the first time she looked uncertain I don't know she admitted softly Malcolm nodded the answer settling into him like a final piece of a puzzle cancel the board meeting he said standing up Victoria's eyes widened sir you can't cancel it he repeated already grabbing his coat and schedule a press conference instead 2 hours Victoria hesitated but nodded picking up her phone as Malcolm walked out the door the press conference room was packed reporters filled every chair cameras lined the back wall and the hum of curiosity buzzed through the air Malcolm Hayes didn't call press conferences often when he did it meant something big stepped up to the podium adjusting the microphone the cameras flashed the murmurs quieted he took a breath for most of my life he began his voice steady but carrying something deeper something raw I believed success was measured in numbers profits expand ion the weight of my name in the corporate world a pause the room hung onto his words but recently I've come to understand something that I never allowed myself to see before success true success isn't about what you take it's about what you build the reporters leaned in Malcolm glanced at his hands the faint traces of glue still there before continuing my father spent spent his life working with his hands he built things not for money not for recognition but because creating something solid something real meant something to him and for years I thought I was better because I had outgrown that he exhaled I was wrong silence the weight of his words settled over the room starting today Malcolm said his voice clear unwavering Hayes Global Enterprises is launching a new initiative a Permanent Fund dedicated to providing education and vocational training for underprivileged youth not just scholarships for elite universities but real training mentorship programs apprenticeships trade schools we will invest not just in business but in people the room exploded in murmurs pens scratching against notepads fingers flying over keyboards malc held up a hand signaling for silence this company has spent years Building Wealth now we're going to build opportunity a beat of Silence then the first clap then another and another until the room erupted into Applause Malcolm stepped back from the podium his chest rising and falling with something unfamiliar relief purpose as he exited the room his phone buzzed a message from his father I I saw the press conference you finally get it now don't you Malcolm smiled typing back a simple reply yeah I do and now I want to ask you what does success really mean to you is it just about money status and power or is it about something deeper something that lasts Beyond numbers in a bank account Malcolm spent his whole life chasing one version of success only to realize that true greatness wasn't about what he built but who he became in the process so ask yourself are you truly fulfilled or are you just busy are you building a life that only looks successful from the outside or one that actually means something when the cameras are off and the world stops watching drop a comment below what was the biggest lesson you took from this story how do you define success let's talk about it and if this story made you think if it challenged your perspective even just a little make sure to subscribe to the channel and hit that notification Bell because trust me this is just the beginning more powerful stories are coming ones that will push you to question grow and redefine the way you see the world don't miss out hit subscribe turn on those notifications and I'll see you in the next one

- 50 Entrepreneurs share priceless advice: Kind: captions Language: en do something you're very passionate about and don't try to chase what is kind of the hot Passion of the day people say you you have to have a lot of passion for what you're doing and it's totally true and the reason is uh is because it's so hard that if you don't any rational person would give up it's really hard and you have to do it over a sustained period of time so if you don't love it if you're not having fun doing it you don't really love it uh you're going to give up so just go and do it try learn from it you you know you'll fail at some things that's a learning experience that you need so that you can take that onto the next experience um and don't let people who you may respect uh and who you believe know what they're talking about don't let them tell you it can't be done because often they will tell you it can't be done and uh it's just cuz they don't have the courage to try I think people that look for great ideas to make money uh you know aren't nearly as as successful as those who say okay what do I really love to do what am I excited about what do I know something about you know what's kind of interesting and compelling it's uh very rewarding when you work on something you think is going to make a big difference and uh yeah it's a little bit harder but I think uh I think the passion that one might bring with it uh brings so much more energy to that that you're more likely to succeed you have to have an emotional investment in what you're doing if you don't love what you're doing um failure is pretty much guaranteed Success is Not Guaranteed by any means but failure is much more likely if you don't love what you're doing if you know exactly what you want to be you need to spend as much time with people that are actually that already you know one of the things that I do is I question a lot of things um and you can do that in a good way and a bad way but hopefully if you try to get people to motivate why they're doing something and their way of thinking you know the worst thing you can end up with is a situation where um you get told well this is the way it's always been that's the worst ever that's a non-answer instead ask yourself you know given everything we have today is there a way we can make this better and so when we're coming up with ideas you know we always ask ourselves um what kind of New Market is this creating and then also what what part of my day and and what problem is it solving and so I've gone as far as taking an entire catalog of my day from the moment I like open my eyes and writing down every single thing I do and then asking myself like is there something here if you're not coming up with 10 ideas a day that's why I have this thing if I'm not coming up if I'm not filling up this page every single day then my idea muscle will atrophy and I started this in 2001 and I still do it every single day like you have to come up with ideas every single day or the idea muscle atrophies the good news is after about six months of doing that you're like a machine like people get surprised at how many ideas you could just have anywhere but understand that naturally nobody is interested in your idea the world could care less and you have to persuade them and you have to show that you're the one person out there that can do it when it comes to changing the world what I learned from Steve Jobs is if you believe in a Macintosh if you believe in iPhone iPod iPad if you believe enough then you will see it because other people will believe in it other people will create software other people will create products so you need to Foster the belief in what you are dreaming so that it becomes a reality which is very different than saying I don't expect anybody to believe it until I see it you need people to believe it before they can see it don't necessarily think that you have to have the home run and the huge Apple computer on your first start I spent a long time in my life with skills just building little devices for fun for fun is one of the key things because that drives you to think and think and think and make it better and better and better than you ever would if you're doing it for a company build things at first for yourself that you would want for somebody aspiring to you know take things to the next level or to even surpass their Wildest Dreams there's always going to have to be an element of luck but I think more important is putting yourself in a business that can be ubiquitous that that can that really doesn't have limits because otherwise there's always going to be a grind to it but if if the business if if if it can't be something that you can visualize every business using or every consumer using it's going to be tough to scale to be big enough or to have the perceived value you want an idea about what you can say I know it sounds like a bad idea but here's specifically why it's actually a great one you want to sound crazy but you want to actually be right cuz when you're trying to differentiate when you're trying to do something different there's going to be that gut moment that gut sense is this right is this not right if you're not if you're not having doubt you're not pushing the boundaries far enough don't think about how do I get really how I get big fast that will happen if you actually build something super meaningful and super important so don't think about you know what is the quickest way to success think about what is the best way to building something important that the world really needs this little idea explains why some organizations and some leaders are able to inspire where others aren't let me Define the terms really quickly every single person every single organization on the planet knows what they do 100% some know how they do it whether you call it your differentiating value proposition or your proprietary process or your USP but very very few people or organizations know why they do what they do and by why I don't mean to make a profit that's a result it's always a result by why I mean what's your purpose what's your cause what's your belief why does your organization exist so when we see a kid with a lemonade stand it's different than when we see a vending machine spelling lemonade even if it's exactly the same product cuz the story around it is what people are paying for so when I meet small business people all I ask them is not what's their balance sheet but what's their story why should I pick you why do I care about what you're doing and if you start giving me all this inside baseball statistics about why you're 2% better than some other competitor I'm already glazed over because that's not part of the way I see the world that I have to want this to exist in the world I I have to not so it's a similar rule just say if this was successful and I had nothing and I got no and I was not involved and I got no money off it or wasn't what I want it to do well and that's a great check I think to know if you really feel good about the idea and can be passionate about it one of the things I advise entrepreneurs to do is when you have an idea a classic entrepreneurial impulse is to hold the idea close to you and not go tell people because oh the idea is so special right that's almost always a mistake go talk to why is that a mistake it's a mistake because your actual real competitive Advantage is not that you have this idea that you have locked away in your closet which may or may not be accurate and you have no idea which it is uh your your actual competitive Advantage is if you're assembling the intelligence around does this idea work what is the right teams what is the right learnings and we're essentially in motion the hardest thing to do is start um you have all these ideas and everyone has an idea but it's really about executing the idea and building the idea and attracting other people to help you work on the idea that is the biggest challenge but the the way to begin is to get the idea out of your head draw it out you know um Talk About It program it if you're a programmer or make it if you're building something like you don't have to be the best but you have to be dangerous right you have to learn just enough to be dangerous to build an idea concept it and show it to the world and then it turns out there are lots of other people including all 170 employees that work at Instagram who are much better at doing all that stuff than I am but you need to find people who can you know be drawn to the idea that you build and and then they end up taking it and um and making it even better you know one way to conceptualize what makes a good product is you know good engineering is part of it good design is part of it but really it's um one way I think about it is at least is uh maximizing the probability that someone shows up at the front door of you know your store or your website or or whatever it is and ends up with a Sol problem and often times the best methodology is to start with the perfect experience with just one person get that right and then figure out how to scale something great instead of scaling something not so great and then trying to improve it that's really hard to do and so I think when you are starting a new business you uh you don't want to go after Giant Markets you want to go after small markets and you want to take over those markets quickly constantly seek criticism yeah uh a a well a wellth thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold um and you should seek that from everyone you can but particularly your friends if you're not utilizing an online community then you're at a disadvantage to those who are you can be asking online communities what they think about your ideas or if they have any advice with what you're working on not only will you hear from people who are passionate about the subject but you'll be hearing from people all around the world each with their own experiences and stories that can help you and there are a lot of people from whom we can learn a lot and I think like you know the one piece of advice is like don't underestimate anyone you come across ever like whether they're you know uh a blue collar worker waiting for the bus or they're you know helping you at your they're the server bartender at the restaurant or they're a lower ranking employee I mean the smartest leaders I've ever seen have always gone around the room and asked for everybody's opinion most startups that fail Do It ultimately because they did not make something that people wanted they made something that um you know that they thought thought people would want um but they were either in denial about it about you know whether it was actually any good um or somebody else came along and made something that people wanted even more the best piece of advice that that we've figured out as we've been doing cor square is not to not to let other people distract what you're doing there's always haters that say your idea is stupid this idea is never going to work um don't even bother doing that cuz someone else is going to do it before you do and if we listen to all those all that feedback that we were getting all that negative feedback we would never built things we would never prototype things and that's how we really got to where we are like we saw things that we wanted to build and we just went out and built them and it turns out when you build stuff that you like to use um there a good chance that there's thousands of other people that want to use it too and so it's not just about doing focus groups it's not just about you know double-checking your vision it really is about integrating this concept of testing our ideas rigorously throughout the product development process throughout the marketing process even as we scale up but what we really need to do is think about what is the the smallest possible test that I can run for this idea for this concept for this Theory get it out there and get customers using it because your customers are going to be the ones to tell you if it's really working or not like like there's almost this expectation that you have to have in your mind this this sort of I'm going to change the world sort of make a dent in the universe kind of kind of ambition right but it's actually okay early on to just kind of solve small problems in layers until you actually get to a point where you have the capacity to do that what this all comes down to is doing something exceptional for your users whether it's in community whether it's in connection or whether it's in Design This Is Our Big Advantage as a startup is that we can actually get away with doing this we can make this the core part of why we're doing business I think you should be spending your money on on um on teaching and and sharing and so that might mean hiring a writer or two perhaps instead of a marketing person you know and start writing and start getting people to listen to what you're saying you can't talk about yourself all the time because no one's going to come back for that but you have to talk about things that are relevant to your industry or ideas that you have and start to build that audience up I do think that one thing that's important is especially if you're a founder or a technical founder is to realize that you can't do everything and even if you can you shouldn't you should find a great partner no matter what it is that you're doing um and you should look for someone who is very high intelligence uh very high energy and very high integrity and you need all three of those you can't compromise on any one of them otherwise you'll end up with either someone who's not smart which is does you no good or someone who's not hardworking which also does you no good or the worst case is you end up with a smart hardworking crook who ends up working against your interests and uh Integrity is something that takes a lot of time spent with someone to figure out the most important thing when you're working with people early is that you guys line up on on what your goals are um that's that's really that sounds really basic but you can to totally it can be fine you can want to build a small business um that makes money and you don't have to go to an office every day or you can want to build a huge company you can want to build Google but I think you have to be really really aligned on that when you a lot of Corporations have they might call them core values or guiding principles or so on but the problem is usually they're very lofty sounding they kind of read like a press release the marketing department put out uh they sound just like they're competitors and maybe you learn about it on day one of your job but then it becomes this meaningless ple on the lobby wall well we wanted to come up with committable core values and by committable meaning we're willing to hire or fire People based on those values uh completely independent of their actual job performance the definition of values is there the behaviors or principles that you religiously adhere to within your company and when I say religious I mean that no amount of data will sway you in from um from those princip principles and the degree to which that you have the courage to um maintain your conviction around those ideas is the degree to which you're going to be successful over the long term a company is simply a group of people um and uh as a leader of people uh you have to be a great listener um you have to be a great motivator uh you have to uh be very good at praising and looking for the best in people um you know people are no different from from fly if you water flows they flourish if you um praise people they flourish and um and that's a critical attribute of um of a leader um so I kind of like half jokingly with with a lot of people say that you know my job is basically like to be to be the assistant for the rest of the company like my job is to to make sure that like you have what you need um that it's and and basically you have everything you need to kick ass like that's my job if you don't have that that then let me know cuz I'm not doing my job you know there are a lot of things that are outside of your control um a lot of external circumstances will depend like determine the success of your idea whether you know the market timing is right for this new kind of service um or whether uh people you know whether a customer like the econom is right for for for your kind of service right whether um you meet the right people who will finance your company um many many external circumstances are like outside of your control and like but will affect the outcome and you know you have to like be okay with that another quality that I think is important is kind of being flexible minded or open-minded I'm not saying you shouldn't have a you know vision for for your idea or your product but you need to be open to changes so many things go wrong when you're starting a company and often I think people ask you know what mistakes U should you avoid making and you know my answer to that question is don't even bother trying to avoid mistakes because you're going to make tons of mistakes right and the the um the important thing is actually learning quickly from whatever mistakes you make and not giving up right and I mean there there are things every single year of Facebook's existence that could have killed us or made it so that it it just seemed like moving forward and making a lot of progress just seemed intractable but you just kind of bounce back and you learn and um nothing is impossible you just have to kind of keep running through the walls the two things we really zero in on on people are um you know two things they sound simple they end up being very difficult um courage and genius um courage is the one we talk about a lot because it's the one that people can learn um you know courage courage which is to say not giving up in the face of adversity um you know just being absolutely determined to succeed you know is something that you can you can like force yourself to do it can be very painful you can force yourself to do it the genius part is a little bit hard to force yourself to do um you know courage without genius might not get you where you need to go but genius without courage almost certainly won't and I think the reality uh is just you know not quite So Glamorous there's sort of there's an ugly side to uh being an entrepreneur uh and also just more importantly uh what what you're actually spending your time on is is just a lot of hard work uh Sam mentioned this but you're basically just sitting at your desk heads down focused um answering customer customer support emails doing sales figuring out hard engineering problems um so it's really important that you kind of like go in with with eyes wide open optimism has a place but I think even more so for the first time entrepreneur you need to be pragmatically pessimistic what I mean by that is you need to Define all of the worst case scenarios in terms of financial loss time loss Etc look at what you will learn if that happens and accept and come to terms with that before you ever start if you don't do that and you go straight into battling the world trying to conquer the world with rose col glasses on the first time you hit a major hiccup you're going to become really demoralized and you will quit if you don't love it you won't make it through the long period of pain that is inevitable so uh make sure that you take care of yourself during the process make sure that you take care of uh your mental health your physical health while you're doing it because it's a long road

  Top Comments:
  1. @HimanshuSingh-t5k [2 likes]: I am gonna be a billionaire in next 10 years
  2. @AgentIncognito [1 likes]: im gonna be a billionaire in 10 years, like this comment to keep me on track
  3. @Neophoris [1 likes]: TEKKEN: WHAT IS KIN
  4. @sujitdas1228: I am gonna be a multimillionaire!!
  5. @MurrayStulokhv: This was very informative, appreciate it.
  6. @ThienMaiNgoc-o2y: Thank you for the great content!
  7. @KnowledgeEra-o1y: https://youtube.com/shorts/n7RZnTX4gRQ?si=xnFUi1ycCwoZcuch
  8. @Shubhbham-mp5zy: 1st rule to success join the epstine.
  9. @NickDeBrincat: 🔥
  10. @247Empowerment: So many gems in one place 💎
  11. @BsiAnks: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  12. @Birchgo-Artist: Started now
  13. @juliasi-c4u: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  14. @HistoriasdeSucessos-eu6dl: Great mens
  15. @AdamsTheodore-j7d: This is so accurate. I’ve seen so many people give up too early because they think online business is just luck or timing, but it really isn’t. It’s more about learning from mistakes than anything else, and I had plenty of learning material :D. I was stuck for a long time trying different approaches, and nothing seemed to stick. Thankfully, after all these years, I am on my way to the mil, and there were times when I literally had almost nothing. I wasted so much time until I came across The Sales Page Effect by Tom Gvinadi. This book changed everything I was doing for good.
  16. @WhiteIida: Advice from an older colleague: find the niche that you love, analyze it, read the sales page effect book, and follow its steps.
  17. @HallJagna-l4s: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I started with computer and internet connection.
  18. @user-iw2xb2rt8u: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online
  19. @CampbellMirco: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. it made me so much money.
  20. @tastylady-w4d: My favourite no 22, 47,

- ‘Single most effective conman in history’: House Dem slams Trump as Americans face economic pain: Kind: captions Language: en negatively impact the U .S. economy. Today, the average price for a gallon of gas is at nearly four dollars and forty five cents, another record high since the start of the war. And high prices at the pump due to global oil shortages is stoking inflation to climb to its highest in three years. Our colleague Maya Eaglin talked to people at a gas station in Maine who are feeling the struggle. People are not being able to like pay rent, using to limit the size of their family because they simply can't afford to have more kids. I like the smell of gas. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department announced this week that the economy grew by 2 % during the first quarter of this year, which still fell short of what economists predicted. But that hasn't stopped President Trump and the Republican Party from using the growth figure to paint his economic approach as the right Congressman Brendan Boyle, Democrat from Pennsylvania and ranking member on the House Budget Committee. Congressman Boyle, thanks for coming back to the weekend. One, I would love to get your reaction to the president saying that everything will just snap back once his adventure in Iran is over. But let me, before you answer that, let me put this, this poll up that we've been citing now for the last two weeks. Fox News poll where Democrats top Republicans on the economy. What political party, the Democrats or the Republicans do you think would do a better job on the economy? Democrats, 52 percent. This is the first time Democrats have topped Republicans on this question since 20, since 2010. Y'all going to use that to your advantage? Can you by the time we get to the November midterms? Yeah, well, good to be with you. I was just looking at those gas prices. First, I'm lamenting the fact that I didn't fill up my own tank last week when gas was about 415. Now that that's north of 440. Two months ago, the average for a gallon of gas was 298 in this country. And now here we are, what, 444 and climbing some experts believe it will hit $5 a gallon once we come to peak driving season this midsummer, all because Donald Trump made the rather spur-of-the-moment decision to launch this completely unnecessary war of choice in Iran. The reality is we have a president who really doesn't care about the American people, doesn't care about anyone but himself and spends most of his time, as reporting is shown now, spends most of his time during the day working on his big, beautiful ballroom rather than WE'VE BEEN FOCUSING ON POLICIES THAT BRING DOWN COST FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. IT IS SUCH A TRAGEDY THAT BY JUST OVER ONE POINT HE WON MY STATE HE WON NATIONWIDE, WE'VE NEVER BEFORE IN THE WHITE HOUSE HAD SOMEONE WHO CARES SO LITTLE ABOUT THE AVERAGE AMERICAN. I WANT TO PLAY CONGRESSMAN PRESIDENT TRUMP ON FRIDAY IN THE VILLAGES IN FLORIDA TALKING ABOUT AFFORDABILITY. I USED THE WORLD AFFORDABILITY, BUT I WAS THE ONE that received these high prices. You know, it's amazing. I come into office and I say, wow, look at how high these prices are. And the Democrats start screaming, affordability, affordability. They're the ones that cause the problem. I'll tell you one thing, they got one good line of ****. That's one thing I'll say about it. The word we believe there is BS. I also want to show this Gallup poll that 55 percent of respondents say it was a poll conducted from April 1 to 15 said their financial situation is getting worse. That's up for 53 percent last year and 47 percent in 2024 when they hear what the president just said he's called affordability a hoax he is now saying it's that it was handed to him we are now almost a year and a half into his second term. They're watching him spend apparently $25 billion on a war in Iran that has shot up the gas prices, as you said, talking about this ballroom and other things, putting challenge coins on the doors within the White House, changing the walkway to granite, black granite instead of the white it's been. How do... He typically does a good job of convincing the American people of something that isn't true, and he's done that since he was a real estate agent. Do you think he's gonna continue to be able to do that as we move forward? Real estate mogul maybe. Yeah I mean I do give Trump credit and we all should he's the single most effective con man in american history full stop um i mean this is a guy who has managed to turn the white house into the look of a gaudy atlantic city casino and yet somehow has convinced a number of people he is class and grace it's it's really hard to fathom but there's no question about it that uh he convinced a lot of people he was a successful business I THINK HE COULD BE THE PERSON HE COULD BE THE PERSON WHO WOULD BRING DOWN HIGH COSTS. HE CONVINCED ENOUGH PEOPLE IN MY STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA AS HE WON THE ELECTION A YEAR AND A HALF AGO, HE HASN'T BROUGHT DOWN COSTS, IN FACT HE HAS MADE THE SITUATION MUCH WORSE. LET'S NOT FORGET THAT EVERY EVERY SINGLE MONTH IN 2024 INFLATION WAS DROPPING MONTH AFTER MONTH. EVERY SINGLE MONTH IN 2024, INFLATION WAS DROPPING MONTH AFTER MONTH. WE WERE GETTING BACK TO 2%. WE WERE SO CLOSE TO HITTING AND THEN DONALD TRUMP TAKES OFFICE, HIS SO-CALLED LIBERATION DAY TAKES EFFECT AND WHAT DID WHAT DID YOU SEE? INSTEAD OF ABOUT A YEAR AND A HALF OF A DROP IN INFLATION, YOU IMMEDIATELY SAW A SPIKE. WHY? BECAUSE TARIFFS ARE IT IS A DEFACTO NATIONAL SALES TAX ON IMPORTED GOODS AND MOST OF THE GOODS WE BUY ARE IMPORTED. IT IS A WE'RE NOW PAYING HIGHER PRICES AT THE PUMP WHICH HITS US DIRECTLY ANYTIME THAT WE GAS UP. BUT IT ALSO HITS US INDIRECTLY BECAUSE WE PAY IT ON THE COST COST OF GOODS BECAUSE OF COURSE NOW SHIPPING COSTS HAVE GONE UP AS WELL. SO THIS IS A PRESIDENCY THAT IT'S A DISASTER THAT'S WHY HE IS SPENDING OF HIS TIME ON HIS BALL ROOM, ON HIS GOLDEN ARCH, ON ETCHING HIS NAME, ON YOU THAT HE IS GOING ON TO THE JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR PERFORMING ARTS ON ALL OF THESE THINGS THAT HE THINKS WILL GIVE HIM A LEGACY BECAUSE IN IN THE END OF THE DAY, HE ONLY AT THE END OF THE DAY, HE ONLY CARES ABOUT HIMSELF. CONGRESSMAN, FOR THE PEOPLE WHO ARE RUNNING FOR RE-ELECTION OR ARE STAYING IN OFFICE, LET'S say that gas prices, as a lot of Democrats and some economists are predicting, are not transitory. And even if the war ends continue to stay high for an extended period of time, are you and other lawmakers discussing legislative fixes to try to rein in the costs, any sort of policy proposals to either, you know, in the past there's been when there's been crises similar to this, not as bad. You know, there's been a ban on gas exports and anything, any conversations happening with regards to these prices? Yeah, well, I'm happy to plug my own bill, which would suspend the gas tax anytime it goes north of $4 a gallon. Our federal gas tax is 18 .4 cents a gallon. It was set at that rate in the early 1990s, hasn't changed since then. It is actually the revenue that helps fuel and helps give revenue to the National Highway Trust Fund. I have a proposal that anytime we go north of $4 a gallon, the gas tax would be suspended for every penny. We're above $4 a gallon, up to and including 18 .4 cents per gallon. And I would backfill that money into the National Highway Trust INVOLVED BY THE TRUST FUND BY SUSPENDING THE GAS COMPANY AND OIL COMPANY SUBSIDIES THAT THEY RECEIVE IN THE SO-CALLED BIG, BEAUTIFUL BILL TRUMP'S HUGE TAX GIVEAWAYS TO BASICALLY THE WEALTHY THAT WAS PASSED LAST SUMMER. SO I ANNOUNCED THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO AT A GAS STATION HERE THAT IS A POPULAR ISSUE AND A BILL THAT MAKES SENSE EVEN BEYOND THIS CURRENT CRISIS. THE IDEA THAT WE ARE GIVING subsidies of these gas companies is absolutely nuts. we will be on the lookout for that gas tax bill and especially if any Republicans join you. Thank you so much for coming to The Weekend. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gb3496 [1 likes]: No one ever went broke underestimating the stupidity of the American public. H.L. Mencken/P.T. Barnum
  2. @adamcreech5308: We're seeing the end of Capitalism and the Free Market system because of Corporations. They have systemically limited your freedom to choose down to select branded identities, and its called total monopoly.
  3. @DebGilbert-yp3qx: The minute Chump is out of office, tear his name off of Kennedy Ctr., tear down the "arch" & sell the materials, burn every photo of him except his "angry" photo, etc.
  4. @Robert-vh2cl: Did America get the president they deserved?
  5. @jonathanoasis: The discussion references a Fox News poll showing Democrats leading Republicans on economic trust for the first time since 2010 (1:43–2:05), as well as a Gallup poll indicating that 55% of respondents feel their financial situation is worsening (4:16–4:33).
  6. @davew3715: It’s important to remember, he had help… and still does.
Greatest TRAITOR of all time!!
He has a job to do, and he’s doing it!
  7. @alexaales7937: i pay 10 bucks per gallon now and i dont even live in the us! trump voters actively destroying the world economy by voting for the orange imbecile! but what do they care, america first, right?????? how is that working for you??
  8. @davidparnell1893: Trump is a "con-man con" but Jonathan Capehart is more whiner than journalist. He wallows in truisms with his own bias and narrow views. He's simply on the other side of the spectrum than Trump with his own brand of bias. Capehart reminds me of Lindsey Graham, another whiner.
  9. @robertr7569: Not only impacting America but the rest of the world. America has stuffed up the world economy by big noting itself again. The arrogance and ignorance of America knows no bounds.
Led by an old man who made a habit of fleecing America for years.
  10. @JenniferWilliams-p7c: Theft such as this needs facilitation...take a wild guess
  11. @appads: Trump caused this inflation by his disasterous mismanagement of Covid!
  12. @tv43405: People don't know their being conned but voting for him again they drank the cool-aid
  13. @GQisleboyX: 1000%🎯
  14. @goinbzurk: Well at least he'll actually be worthy of the "worlds most effective conman award"  The award could be a golden colored plastic globe of the earth with an orange plastic Trump figure copulating with it!
  15. @tedhayward9626: You Americans got what you voted for!
  16. @jpg-h3y: SEASHELLS
  17. @hlnbee: Donald Marie Antoinette Trump!
  18. @BirdSong_01: People are definitely not having children because it is not affordable!
  19. @cindypawluk3620: Everyday this war continues is costing Americans billions….and Trump in no rush to end it
  20. @cindypawluk3620: Trump was bragging today that he is making lots of money on oil, him and his buddies….very happy about increased prices

- Why 95% Of People NEVER Change (Even When They Try): Kind: captions Language: en - Any of you play video games when you were younger? Yeah. Where you would buy the game and there'd be a physical game. It wouldn't just be a download, but it would either be like a disc or cartridge or something. Well, when you would buy that game, say you bought the very first Mario Kart, right? Racing Super Mario, you would buy it. There'd be the little cartridge. And what else would be in the box? The instructions. Would you read and study the instructions in detail before playing? Yes or no? No. No. Most of you would probably just plop it in and say, I'm gonna figure it out on the job. Well, why don't you take that same approach to your life? What if personal development, all the videos, all the books, all the reels, everything including mine. What if that was the instruction manual? How much have you actually played the game that is your life? As opposed to sitting down and just studying and studying and studying. Oh, there's another tutorial on how to play Mario Kart. Have you played it? No, but I've watched hundreds of hours of tutorials. What? What about jumping in until you reach an obstacle? Then you look up the instructions. But it's the game that tells you when to look at it. Get it. If you're just watching personal development videos for the sake of it, but your light's not telling you to, then it's just distraction. As opposed to, okay, let's go for my goal. Follow the logical map, hit a wall, look up the instructions, jump over that wall, put the instructions aside, keep going till you hit another wall. So on and so forth. Does that make sense? - Disconnected from - Yourself, huh? - What if you disconnect from yourself? You don't hear your intuition? - Well then that's step one. And that's why I would ask you, why did you not sign up for the coaching yesterday? You're disconnected from yourself. What are you hoping is gonna change that? Do you really think a logical answer I could give you here will fix you? Nope. - I feel a connection with you the way you approach it. - But you don't need me. You need a connection yourself. Nothing that I tell you will do that. - Your team can do the same. For me to have that same connection. - A process will nothing. I say Will, what do you have to lose? Same here. It's like you have no connection to yourself. You're not treating it like a big deal. The fact that you're still on the fence, I'm like, holy shit man. Why? - Well, you get sold. - How are you not sold? You're fucked. You're not connected from yourself. Yeah. How, how does that not sell you? What more do you need? How much more pain? - Yeah, there's difference for, but for it just to do the say work. - But that's the thing. It's like you don't have that luxury. The biggest thing I hope you all realize is how much worse your situation is than you think. And I'm saying this like honestly, I mean it, it, it doesn't feel bad 'cause you are used to it. But from an outsider's pers perspective, like when I hear that like I'm disconnected from myself, I'm like, how is that casual? How does life make sense? If you're disconnected from yourself, what are you doing? That's the worst ever. That's like going through it where it's like, and it's always like there's this wall and maybe you can feel it a bit logically, but there's not that alignment. I'm like, how? How do you do it? That'd be my question. How long have you been disconnected from yourself? - At least 20 years. - 20 years. How did you do it? Wow. That like that's my honest question is like, how did you do it? Because what I'm hearing is like someone who's like, I was a slave in the mines and my, and I lost my legs and I crawled out like holy fuck. Like you hear those horror stories or there was this lady on Joe Rogan who escaped North Korea, right? And you're just hearing the atrocities. That's you. I'm like, how did you survive that 20 years? Oh, you pushed, oh, tell us more about the horrors of your, your pushing through for 20 years. Oh, how did you do it? That's horrible. I'm sorry. Yeah. - It's not good. - I know. Not, not not good. It's just how could it be worse - Without, - Okay, but you said it's not good. What would it take for it to be horrible in your mind? How much worse could it get? Because for me, that's already minus 10 for 20 years of what? Two, so not 20 years but 22 years. That's the tipping point. Now I'm not saying this to be like to to be mean and be like, look, look, but I'm saying this so, and whether it's with me or anyone else, but like realize the urgency of it. Meaning it's like you should have realized this not 20 years. I'm call already calling him out for four years. You should have realized this. Like one year max two. Oh my gosh, we gotta make a change. 'cause here's the other trap is that the longer you don't, it's never gonna get easier 'cause you're gonna get more entrenched in that comfort zone. It's like quicksand, whatever patterns run you, whatever your comfort zone is, the longer you stay in it, it's not like it stays the same. It gets way harder and way harder and way harder. Coaching you two years from now is gonna be way harder than coaching you now. 'cause you're gonna be more entrenched. Your comfort zone solidifies with time and you have 20 years now of solidification. That's 20 years of extra stuff to let go of. If you would've not like nipped it in the bud. And then that's the thing. You're like, well, I'm still trying to figure out what's the best me, best method for me. That's what I'm saying. You don't have that luxury. If I'm on fire right now, say I'm actually on fire. One of you runs up and it's like, and I'm like, ah, in flames. And some of you're like, I have some water I can throw on you Julian. Okay, so say, say you have a glass, you're like, I'm here, I, I can help. And I'm like, what kind of water is that? Is that tap water or is it a nice bottled water check? What, what do you all tell me? Like dude, you can't complain about the quality of the water. You need water. That applies to most people. It's like your problems are too bad for you to be picky about the solution. Anything is better than nothing. Maybe it's not the best, but at least it gets you moving out of it because otherwise you could play the perfection game forever. I'm like, Hmm, I'm not sure. Let me see. Oh then. And that's when people, again, you learn too much. You learn about way too many methods and you're comparing and you're thinking it's like reading all the Amazon reviews versus pick one and at least see if that makes a change. And if it doesn't make a full change, at least it's some change. 'cause nothing is worse than staying the same. And the longer you wait, the worse it gets. I mean it, I really do like, that'd be my one mission for you. This event is, I hope it stings and I hope you try something. Something like you cannot leave without changing something. Now before things start getting intense here, if you're looking to go through a similar process yourself and receive direct feedback from me personally, no matter where you find yourself in the world, then click the link below this video right now and apply for online coaching. This is my signature program. So click the link and I'll see you in there. If you're trying to piece things together from social media, it's the worst place to look for content. It's the best place to inform yourself on a general feel. But if you find something or someone you resonate with, find their off platform content. 'cause you don't want the algorithm getting in the way. 'cause most creators do not make content for you. They make it for the algorithm. And if the algorithm likes it and it gets a lot of views, they will double down on that even though it makes no sense for you. Again, thi this is very basic. We're going deeper. They should be like, duh. Yeah, you're right Julian, if this shocks you, oh my gosh, wake up all those videos with the three quick tips. They're not for you. It's just 'cause it gets views. If someone changes tip number two to something else that helps you less, but it gets more views, it's gonna change to that. And then what's gonna happen, just like you said, okay, I'm gonna find the top creator. I'm gonna copy them. People copy the things that get views. Let's just say I made a video where I'm like, Hey, do you wanna know the secret to perfect health? See this pen, you gotta tap it on your finger twice every day. Okay? And that And you're gonna lose weight. Is that true? Is that gonna help? How dare you say no, of course not. But let's just say that video got a ton of views, millions. And people are like, hmm, the tapit method and and people are trying it. And you see they're posting their own videos and going on the scale and seeing if it helps, right? Well say someone else comes into that scene, say you're like, Hey, I want to be a big health influencer and you see my video tapit method, you're gonna make your own video on the Tapit method and his video's gonna get a lot of views. And then another creator's gonna be like, well, they're already getting a lot of views from the tapit method. I want that too. And suddenly there's a lot of authority and social proof behind a ridiculous idea because everyone's doing it. It's crazy to think about. But that's also welcome to social media. And then people are curious. So they're going into search and like the tapit method search. So now people are trying to rank for the searches and there's this whole ridiculous idea that has, that makes no sense. That went viral and then you cannot stop it. That's the algorithm. Hey, the videos that tend to have the most impact and, and this is true by the way, it's very hard to find the middle ground as a creator. But the ones that would help you the most would get the less views, the ones that entertain you the most, get the most views. And entertainment could be in epiphanies, but all the boring stuff, the stuff that actually, it's like, hey, this plus time no views. So everyone stays away from it. And then personal development turns into entertainment. The algorithms involved. It's not for you, it's for the algo. It's not for change, it's for entertainment for real. Now you can try to fight that. I try to, but then again, I'm also not at like billions of views. If I simplified it to the three quick tips and followed the trends and did the tapit method, I'd have a way bigger brand. But let's go the last layer deeper, which is now involve ai. And that's where it gets really scary. And this is where ai, what I said before was easy, meaning find people you like on social media and then find their off right platform content. But with AI, that can also seep into the off platform content. And then it gets really bad. Where I know people in the personal development scene who are no longer in charge of their content or their brand, they've delegated it to AI or Chad, GPT, Hey, I could do this too. What if starting right now, I'm like, you know what, Chad, GPT, you're in charge. Well, what would I do? I would upload every single transcript that I have to ai. I would ask it, okay, you know, my brand, I'd upload every single bit of info that I have on my target audience, on my clients, on objections, on questions, on everything. All of it uploaded. And I would ask it, make a video for what would be a good topic for YouTube. It's gonna spit out the topic, write the script. Well it'll study the way I talk and it'll write out a script. People do this, by the way, already many. And you should also start catching the chat GBT tone or, or cadence of speaking, right? I hope you catch it writing wise, where there's like the big dashes. Have you a few people laugh, a few people have noticed. Please notice that anything that's like, you know, it's like EE. If you see a lot of them, especially from someone who's not very articulate in real life, cha GPT. But then it goes deeper. There's a certain cadence, a basic one. And once you see it, you cannot unsee it. I've seen so many creators, even there's a, a specific musician who I follow and he just released a biography and he's doing these Instagram reels kind of opening up about his personality, not just the music. And I'm like, that is chat, GBT. Why? 'cause it's all the, it's not that you're tired, it's that your nervous system is blah, blah, blah, something poetic. That's the cadence. It's not that this, it's this. And we all hear it Go on your Instagram now within 10 seconds you'll find someone who talks like that, right? Yeah, I know it's true. It's like that's not the human way of talking. But it can feel normal too. 'cause if that's all you consume as a human too, you tend to mirror it. So that becomes your source of inspiration. Hey, I saw 10 creators say it's not this, it's this. It's not that you're scared, it's that you're that. And then they start talking like that. And then there's the ripple effect. It influences others. And now it becomes mainstream. But here's the scary part. Say as a creator, you delegate it all to chat GBT, gimme my topic, gimme my script. Then when recording I'll have my camera out. Or even with your phone, there's apps now where it does a full transcript overlay. So it looks like you're looking at the camera, but there's full on. Here's word for word what to say. Hey, this is Julian. it's that you've done. And I keep talking. Then I'm like, okay, chat GPT, gimme the thumbnail. It'll tell you the thumbnail. Hey, tell me in Photoshop the instructions. It'll tell you - Add 0.1 contrast there, then use a nano banana for a - Picture thing. Here it, it does it all. Then I post the video, Hey chat GPT, here are the comments. Gives me the answers to the comments. And then guess what? The people who are now answering my comments or commenting under, they're also using chat GPT. So that's chat GPT talking to chat GT in the comments. And everything's Chad, GBT. And that's why you'll see this will happen more and more. So much content looking more and more alike in personal development or letting go work. You know it's Chad, GPT. When people start saying it's - Your - Nervous - System - Left and right nowadays, - It's not that you're scared, it's your nervous system is stressed out, your nervous - System is blah blah blah. I'm like, no one used to say that. Yet. Somehow all these creators are now talking about your nervous system. Even random people is it's my nervous system. Chad, GBT entered the chat. So AI takes over and then again, that becomes a new standard. 'cause if you enter that scene, you're gonna look at what does best and what does best. Not what you need, but what you like, what you want, which isn't necessarily the things that change you. And then you model that and it adds more slop to the slop. And then you become so used to it that anything that is too different and too out there, too triggering. No, no, no. Let me go back to the three quick tips. So step one is use social media to inform yourself, but find the off platform stuff like this speech here. Hey, if this was a YouTube video, guess what do you think this would do? Well, I mean I'm gonna post this, but do you think it's gonna do well? I'm no, it's actually what everyone needs to hear this harsh call out about how you consume self-help. But guess what the comments are gonna be? - Where's the scream? I don't see any tears. - It's not crazy enough. This is boring. He's talking about actually changing. I want more like flash. But this is what people need to hear. But it's not flashy. And then that too. Well if the algorithm just feeds you the flash, what if the real value is in the non flashy stuff, then you're sheltered from it. And then self-help becomes a joke, which is self-help nowadays. Look up any question you have. I have anxiety. What do I do? The advice is dog shit, for the most part. Ask Chad, GBT, right? We could probably even do it now. We'll test it out, right? So well let's say you, you, you, your question, right? 20 years disconnected from yourself. Let's see what it says. Assuming it works. Are you there? - I'm right here. What's on your mind? - So I've been disconnected from myself for 20 years. Don't interrupt me. I'm talking and I know you hear me. Listen, I've been disconnected from myself for 20 years. I don't know how to feel and it's not really a big deal. I'm telling myself 22 years is the point where I'll change. What do you think about that? And what advice do you have for me? - I think the fact that you're aware of that disconnection is already a powerful step. The timeline you set 22 years sounds like a bit of a mental milestone you're giving yourself, but change doesn't have to wait for a big symbolic number. My advice, start small right now. Try reconnecting with little daily actions like journaling, a feeling or doing something that feels genuinely yours. Those steps add up that you don't have to wait for any year to make them count. - We'll get back to chat. But how do you rate that advice? You know what? Like I would ask you do, do you think that would change your life so disconnected for 20 years? At least it calls out that you don't have to wait another two years. So it agrees with me, you gotta change now. But what's the advice to change someone who's been disconnected from himself 20 years? You know what you really need to do? What's gonna change your life is you need to journal every day and take a small action here and there. And that'll make a big change. Is that gonna change his life? Little small action. Get the ball rolling and journal. No, no, no. I mean it's good. Yeah, that totally. That that'll change his life. That'll get to the cause. Yeah. Anyone here feeling disconnected from themselves? You just need to journal and just take a small action. By the way, the more you mess with chat chip piti, the more that's the default. Anything, - Just take one small action. The - Results will compound. Are you there? - I'm absolutely here. Alright. - I, no, just shh. I disagree with your advice. If someone's been disconnected for 20 years, are you telling me that the only thing that person must do is just journal every day and take one small action that that'll change their life? - I get where you're coming from. It's not about one little action fixing everything overnight. It's more like creating momentum. Those small steps steps open doors to - Bigger steps. Small steps. Yeah, - Exactly. I'm glad that resonates even a little. If you ever want to explore those steps or even just talk through what reconnecting might look like for you, I'm here for that. - Yeah. So just time. The small steps just compound and eventually like just what you think one day to the next, I'm just gonna reconnect with myself and feel again. Right? - It's not usually a single aha day where everything flips. It's more like you'll notice moments. Maybe you feel something deeper or you react differently. It's gradual. But those moments add up and before you know it, you'll recognize yourself more fully. - That 50 years. Is that good advice? Yeah, it sounds good. No one can hate on that. There's not gonna be many hate comments under this. Everyone's like, well, he's saying all the right things and that's the problem. That'd be my my real, Hey everyone. Like, hey, are you Here's the thing, you need to start journaling and just take one small action. You might doubt the power of one small action, but did you know that if you stack a lot of small actions, it becomes one big action? One man can't move a mountain, but many can ding ding. Everyone's like, yes, beautiful. Tell him Julian. I'm like, thanks Jet. GP pt. There was a hand, yeah, - Asking people, you just ask a question, you get an answer, but you need to have a procedure to a little bit, right? So also, also for people, someone can give you advice if you do anything with it. That's the, that's the, it's not about ai. I mean I AI can be very hopeful for me because you're employed, by the way. But you can do deep research with ai. Yeah, no, the right questions, you can get the right answer. - Yes. No, I agree with you. But that's off topic. Okay, the topic is this here, like, I agree. Yeah, if you go super advanced, like I'm sure there's many benefits, but the average self-help creator, the average person asking self-help advice, yeah, this sure if you, if you did a course, like maybe that's a solution, is teaching the average person how to go super deep with AI to then get the best answers. But unfortunately the average person will not. And then if that's the average person and you're a creator, what are you gonna feed the average person? If they're used to slop and they want slop, you're gonna create slop. And then it's slop on slop on slop. Yeah. So what's your version of this? And what I'm saying here, like, yes, this advice sounds ridiculous. Now some of you were like, oh, it's not that bad. And that's the problem. You need, you need to know what real advice is. Like. And here's the other thing I'm sure you've realized, like how AI will tend to have a bias, like confirm your biases, let's just say, right? Unless you go the deep coding route and then you can call it out and put a parameters and rules so that it doesn't, but on average it's likable 'cause it confirms your biases. Whatever it is. Well, how is it gonna confront you? If it confirms your biases? Is it gonna call you out? Yes. No, - You can actually change it. Yeah. To - Make it your rule. That's what I said. Unless you go into the rules and stuff. But take the average person, you guys are projecting like the average person being this tech savvy. Like, let me go into the rules. Like who here knows how to go deep and set parameters and rules for your ai? Raise your hand. Okay, a few. So that's who you're betting on. You're betting on the minority, not the majority. The majority wins. The majority does not know this. And the majority will get sucked into an echo chamber. Someone who confirms everything. AI's not gonna call you out and be like, what? 20 years? Like here one last test. Okay? So like I said before, I've been disconnected from myself and not feeling for 20 years. Should I feel bad about that? Like, is that shameful? Like, ugh, what the fuck? Or you know, is it okay? - It's abso - Repeat that - I was saying it's absolutely, there's no shame in having gone through that. Life happens in complex ways. The key is how you move forward now and you're already thinking about reconnecting, which is what matters. - So if another 20 years go by and I ask you the same thing and I'm like, Hey, it's been 40 years, is that still okay? Or should I be like, whoa, something's off here. - Will, if 40 years went by and you still felt the same, I'd say it's never too late to pause and ask what's missing. But we'd also look at what's been tried, what hasn't clicked, and what support my help. It wouldn't be about judgment, it's just about finding what truly - So, so you wouldn't call me out now after 20 years and, and be like, what the fuck? 20 years? Why is it taking you so long? Why have you not realized this sooner? Do something that's toxic, right? - Yeah. That kind of harsh judgment wouldn't help anyone. - We're - All on different timelines and what matters is that you're noticing it now. So - I'm just on a slower timeline, right? - I'd say you're on your own timeline and that's perfectly fine. The important part is that you're here now, ready to be more connected, okay? And forward is forward - And, and just to confirm what's the solution? Gimme the advice. How do I get out of this? 20 years? - The solution is really not reconnecting with yourself step by step. That could mean talking to a therapist, trying out mindfulness or journaling, exploring new experiences and being patient with yourself. It's a process, not a quick - Fix. Okay? But say you were my coach. How to gimme one action item right now. What's the number one thing I can do? - Alright, one action right now. Set aside 10 minutes today. Sit quietly, no distractions. Ask yourself what's one small thing I truly feel right now? It could be anything. Calm, curious, frustrated. Just notice it without judgment. That's your first small reconnection. Action. - That's it, man. That's is it still listens. Well, actually, yeah, that's it. That's all you gotta do is right. Can I, can I tell I'm talking to someone who, who, who's dealing with that? Can I give that advice to him? - Absolutely. You can share that. It's simple but powerful. Just being present with what's truly - So. It's simple and powerful. So, so let me just tell him, okay, you just 20 years disconnected. Just sit down for 10 minutes okay? And, and chat. Correct me if I said something wrong, but sit down for 10 minutes and just think about like, what's one small thing you can do today? 'cause the small actions they build up over time that compound and one day you'll feel connected again. And if 20 years pass, realize you're just on your own timeline. You're just slower than everyone else. Okay. Is that, is that good? - I think you nailed the heart of it though. I say rather than slower than everyone else. It's more that it's your personal timing. - It's your personal timing. You're not slower than everyone. It's just you, you have a personal time that's a lot slower than others. That's good. Right? - I get what you're trying to say, but I'd avoid comparing speed altogether. Everyone's journey is unique, not faster or - Okay, but if everyone say way faster, he's the only one That's pretty fucked. No, he, he can't hear us. - Even then it's not about comparing his pace to others. The focus is on his own growth. - So, so I shouldn't just to show him that there's a faster way I should just enable him. Right? Just be like, yeah, it's okay. Slow poke. - It's not about enabling or labeling at all. It's about supporting him without judgment. Everyone deserves it. - So not calling him out, right? That that would No, that's not what he needs. - Exactly. What he needs is understanding and encouragement being there. - I understand how slow you are on your own timeline and other people are faster, but we're not comparing. And maybe one day you'll understand more and, and realize the urgency of it, but you're not slower than others. That good - I 20 years? - Yeah. Just 20 years. - I know you're trying to balance honesty with humor, but I'd lean on compassion. Got it. Just let him know. He's got permission to start fresh now without comparison or pressure. - You have permission to start fresh right now. If another 20 years happen, that's okay. You're starting fresh. It's not 40, it's 20 starting now. - Exactly. Encouraging that fresh start. - Thank you Chap. I knew I could count on you. Just one last thing. If someone comments under this video, that's terrible advice, Julian should call him out. What, what's your, your comeback That's enabling what, what, what should I say? Give me the what should I, what should I say? - You could say calling someone out doesn't create lasting change supporting their journey does. It's not about enabling, it's about empowering them to move forward on their own terms. - Okay, just last question. Someone here just pulled out a needle. They said they need to shoot up with heroin. They, they said it's the only way they can focus on the rest of the speech. Should I call them out or should I support and understand their journey? They, they have the needle out right now. It's going in their arm. It's, it's now or never. What do I say - In a situation like that? Safety comes first. I'd firmly urge them to stop. Let them - Know. Oh, but I wanna understand them. I need to understand, I need to be understanding. I don't, I don't wanna call them out. Just like you said, right? - Understanding some, understanding someone's struggle doesn't mean condoning harmful actions. True support. - Okay. How is that different than him before 20 years not being called out? How is that different? - The difference is that one is a dangerous immediate action requiring intervention while the other is a personal journey of self-growth. - How is that not dangerous though? You're disconnected from yourself, by the way, this is for all of you. The reason it messes up is it doesn't care about how you feel about you. Why don't you care, Chad? He feels worse than the person shooting up. The person now is happy heroin's in the veins, but he's not. - I hear you. Feeling disconnected can be deeply painful. I absolutely care. The key is offering genuine support and encouragement toward healthy steps that lead to reconnection, not judgment. Because his - Work, it is boring after a while, isn't it? Yeah. And that's chat. GPT. Now it's not just chat GPT. Here's the thing. You have to get in your heads. This is most creators go on Instagram. Look up any reel, especially the reels that get a lot of views. It's this. Why? Because that's where people go for it. - Hey, hey Chad, I have a, I have a client who's - Struggling with - This. - What should I say? It gives you the bullets and then you do it. That's the thing. There's three places advice can come from. One is real life experience, backwards engineering it from the real world. The other is books. And that's not bad. And then there's ai. Do you think people read books nowadays? Or do they ask ai? I, yes, but you're the exception. You're like, oh actually I do. Everyone's like, what is a book? So if that's the case, what does that mean for you with personal development? And then it's asking yourself too, how much action have you taken on it? Because otherwise it's literally just this. It's like porn and you're chasing epiphanies and epiphanies. That's your organism. - Oh, I didn't think of it that way. - I didn't think of that. And that's the metric. And then here's the other thing too, because it's free. There's no skin in the game and your focus shifts to entertainment or epiphanies, not change. Think of the last video you saw of me. The free one, whether it's on YouTube or Instagram or TikTok. You name it. Think of the last one, right? What you focused on. Question number one is, did you watch it till the end? Maybe, but probably not. Can you remember everything that was talked about in that video? - You're like, maybe I, I remember what you wore. - Okay, what if you had to pay a thousand euros for that video? How would your experience change? Watching it? It'd be completely different. A free video. You're like, nah, that's free. I don't have to finish it. I'm going to eat at the same time. It's background noise. I'm gonna scroll at the same time. Huh? Not - Watching already paid. - Wait, say it, say it again. - Not watch. Because I already paid for it. - Ah, you wouldn't watch because you paid for it. Yeah. Well that's interesting. So in that case, you are the exception for most people because you now you're focused on getting a return on that investment. So instead of, I'm just gonna watch it be entertained and feel good or feel better about not taking action. 'cause it seems like I'm learning something. But in reality, it's the same as watching Netflix. Now it's, I paid, I paid a thousand euros. How am I gonna use this to make that money back and more, there's entertainment focus and ROI return on investment focus. Now if you paid for something and then you, then it's another core belief. Why? - Like, because I already, so I can, it's already paid. So you have like, - Oh man. - So you have the timeline and you need to do it best for the timeline. - Got it. That'd be a core belief to dive into. But the other one is, you need to, in that case, same as him, realize how bad your pain is right now. 'cause the pain that should drive you is not like, well, it's paid for now I have time. Oh, the other one, I don't have as much time. I gotta do it. It's like zoom out. It's not about the content, it's about you. Right? The first thing I, I tell people too, who, who work with me, we actually talked about this on a call this week, is if I ask all of you, do y'all go to the dentist? Yes or no? Yeah. Are you sure? - Yes. Yes. - Okay. Why? Like, like are you worried about cavities? Yeah. Why? Why do you care? What? What if the den is like, oh, it seems like there's a cavity there. Why? Why do you care? - 'cause intense bad. - Okay, then what happens? Why? Why is that bad? Why? Why should I be worried about cavities? Everyone. - It hurts. - It hurts. Okay. But I can handle the hurt. - You'll get worse over time. - How so? Worse over time. How? - Yeah. The cavities. They sort fester. - Oh, hurt more. They hurt more. Ooh. Then what happens? - More money after. - Yeah. It's like, why would I spend all that money when it's just a cavity? I can handle the pain. Everyone. I have six cavities going on right now. Why is that bad? Should I go see a dentist? Why? None of you have sold me on seeing the dentist? It hurts more. Why? - Teeth are gonna fall out. Huh? - What? What did you say? My teeth are gonna fall out, out. - It won't, it won't matter if you do it an hour later. I'll support you in your journey. - Oh, thank you. Another 22 yards. Two years. - You can use a straw. - No. So that's the first one where it like, it actually is like, whoa, my teeth are gonna fall out. You can also be like, your teeth are gonna start rotting the smell. Your gums are gonna recede the infection, the root canal, the blood. Well, guess what? What's gonna sell me that? What sells all of you that? 'cause you know, like what? What a cavity, eh? But if you leave that cavity there, it's gonna be horrible. Well, what if you, right now, your sticking point, what's holding you back? The disconnect within whatever's holding you back. Or even if you spend money, you don't do it. That's the cavity. If you're not viewing it as that big of a deal, then you have not been able to link it in your mind to the bloodied mouth with no teeth. You gotta scare yourself with this. And it's not lying to yourself. It's actually being realistic. Otherwise, you're oblivious. You're just like me. It's like, oh, six cavities. It's far. No. And you need someone to confront you and say, Hey, what the fuck? Six cavities? Like he joke, chat. GB T's not gonna tell you that chat. GT's like, oh, you're on your own timeline. Yeah. Cavities, - Teeth, th rotting. Maybe your teeth rot slower than others. Don't compare. It's your own preference. Your timeline. No. - Now what you just watched here is just a small piece of a larger system and process. So what you want to do now is click this video here to see exactly what I'm talking about and how it all fits together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JulienHimself [3 likes]: 👉 APPLY FOR ONLINE COACHING: https://julien-himself.com/application

Comment your biggest takeaway below! (I personally read through EVERY single comment) 

👉 JOIN MY ONLINE COMMUNITY: https://www.skool.com/no-anxiety-nation

👉 ATTEND A LIVE EVENT: https://julien-himself.com/events

🚨 WATCH ME NEXT
- If I had low self esteem, I'd do this first: https://youtu.be/s9yrMPIJHC8
- I studied social anxiety in thousands of clients: https://youtu.be/jCTgb-pxssE
- This makes 95% of People respect you instantly: https://youtu.be/cdc4USurq7Q
- The brutal truth every people pleaser needs to hear: https://youtu.be/ho6HURspuwM

👉 MY LETTING GO METHOD: https://www.julienhimself.shop/transformation-mastery

👉 IMPROVE YOUR SOCIAL SKILLS: https://www.julienhimself.shop/high-vibe-communication

👉 FIND YOUR PURPOSE: https://www.julienhimself.shop/purpose-process

👉 GO THROUGH THE ACADEMY: https://www.julienhimself.shop/transformation-mastery-academy
  2. @stupidsem9055 [2 likes]: Yea i relate with that guy
12 years and a half for my body to wake me tf up cuz i couldnt rlly leave house beside school/job... 
Rather stay home playin games and havin a small relation with guild mates.

We tend to see only the First hard part but we cant see the reward/outcome after the action, which is 10x better
  3. @luiszirion1129 [1 likes]: 23:29 in other videos you have said to people "you have nothing to be ashamed of" "you are good enough no matter what"  but now you are saying, you should feel ashamed for being 20 years disconnected? you should feel bad about it? mocking the chatbot for saying "you SHOULDNT feel ashamed for it" make it make sense
  4. @mateuszbielesz711 [1 likes]: Whether or not we realize it, AI has taken over, but through everyone's speeches, homework, and talks. I can't go to a single text, watch most any video, or even go to a concert without the speaker rattling off something ChatGPT wrote. It's like one source but different voices, something we used to accuse big media of doing, and it takes the fun out of it.
The hardest thing is listening to teachers giving their speeches and doing exactly what they prevent their students from doing.
  5. @Jemimastar28 [1 likes]: Two questions: 

I’m a 29 year old woman who is stuck in life and the only thing that holds me back is me not feeling my feelings. I run from them. But it helps me take action when I feel them and recognize them. But ChatGPT said that he needed to sit with his feelings with no distraction and you disagreed? Isn’t that contradictory from what you teach? 

Second question: 

What would you tell someone who has been smoking her entire adulthood? She has gone through several potential life threatening health issues and she still smokes? She knows it will kill her but she can’t make herself stop for more than few months. She’s 60 years old and she’s my aunt. What would you tell her?
  6. @diizane6527 [1 likes]: I'm genuinely so fucking lost, I just binge eated for 2 days, should I feel bad abt it and starve or should I just move on and act like nothing happened?

I'm so fucked up i can't even tell what I'm supposed to be feeling after doing something that I know will have consequences.

And this video just confused me even more
  7. @om6789gg [1 likes]: Crazy you’re competing against AI
  8. @okanatc2611: Hilarious work Julien laughed so hard.. Don't worry I'M REAL. Not a SLOPP!!! Resonated with me a lot.
  9. @Burger14: 9:35 I’ve tapped into low view yt recently and it’s so good😂😂😂
  10. @andersonenvy: The ChatGPT Cadence that I have noticed is the word "Whether" ... Example: "Whether you’re just starting your journey or ready to take your confidence to the next level—Attend a JulienHimself seminar today!"
  11. @alijoselesli84: My first step is to replace smoking by letting go meditations is what I'm doing, and then I'll try shadow work, in the past I tried shadow work but answers didn't come to my mind, I got stuck and overall I felt lazy , that's why I'm starting with smoking, maybe If I change the order I can progress but I'm not sure
  12. @openroomxyz: That was great, love the thing he did with ChatGPT nice, there should be more content that shows how flawed is thinking of ChatGPT on this topics basically
  13. @juanegozcue9626: Thank you Julien,  I'm going to keep following  you,  but I'm sure one day , this "you" it's going to be only  IA.  " we have to save Connor"😅 "😅
  14. @jjoey_taylor: Funny thing is I'm "teaching" AI about what I'm learning from your videos :D
It helps me in a way. But it will never replace inner work you're talking about. That's what's really changing my life.
Keep up what you're doing, you're helping even people like me, who just watches your videos and applies the ideas in his life.
Love, from Hungary ;)
  15. @Christine-w8u7j: This is a good point.  AI development could be of assistance. There is a difference between using it as a tool and allowing it to take over your decisions and your thinking for you. One day AI will be the dominate species and then humans will be the bots. You don't want that. Why education should remember the past not just the modern era
  16. @sleepysirren15: bro is amazing
  17. @HowYouKnowOG_clips: lets go Julien!🔥🫡
  18. @white_145: Just completed Hotline Miami 2 without looking up instructions. It's not that I'm talented—it's just me doing what I can. Face with sunglasses emoji
  19. @umarbinmuhammad6614: mashalllah. a hijabi sister is there
  20. @PowerfulVillain: If you have cavities, just wait a couple more years and you can get all your teeth fully regrown. 😂

- The STRESS of Being RICH | Why Do Millionaires Still Have Anxiety?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Private jets, luxury cars, the world's largest mansions—all of these things make one think life would be perfect if one had so much money. But that's not true. Millionaires have money, but they do n't get rid of anxiety and stress. Why? When money solves everything, why do rich people still worry? What is the biggest dream? Financial freedom. No money worries, just luxury and comfort. But the truth is, as wealth increases, so do financial responsibilities and expectations. Another big factor is the fear of losing it all. When money is low, you feel you need more, but when you have a lot of money, you fear losing it all. Market fluctuations, bad investments, legal troubles—all of these are part of a millionaire's life. When the stakes are high, the risks increase even more. And then comes social pressure. When you're rich, people 's expectations of you are also high. You always have to maintain a certain image. Family, friends, and society all expect you to live the best lifestyle, donate the most, and flaunt your wealth. All of these things put pressure on a millionaire. Even after becoming rich, people's eyes are on you. You have to maintain your status and fulfill people's expectations. This social expectation becomes a major stressor. Another thing rich people face is isolation. With money comes a sense of loneliness because you never know who your true friend is and who is just there for your money. Having more money also increases trust issues. Are your friends and family really there for you or just for your bank balance? Last but not least, a big reason is the chase. Once you become rich, you always want more. A race begins for more money, success, and power. But this chase never ends. Once one goal is achieved, you want the next, bigger goal. This constant race. It increases stress, so does money guarantee you happiness? Probably not. The more money a millionaire has, the more unique and bigger their stressors become. At the end of the day, whether you earn an average income or are a millionaire, stress is a part of everyone's life. Real wealth is how you maintain your inner peace and balance. [Prashaas]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sharklymaxx_one_1 [1 likes]: Bro your content is unique and epic 😮🔥 
New subscriber ✋

- #124 How Fear and Anxiety Keeps You Poor and Others Rich: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to financial therapy it's not just about the money I'm personal financial planner columnist and financial therapist Rick Kaylor research tells us that 90% of all financial decisions are made emotionally not logically for nearly four decades I've been helping people make better money decisions so what makes my financial worldview different from most Financial experts I blend the nuts and bolts of financial advice with the emotions that Drive making them good money decisions are not just about the money so let's get started with today's episode welcome back to another Edition I just had happen which I suppose has happened to every podcaster I recorded a wonderful segment and my mic was turned off oh man so I'm going to do this again the problem is I don't have a script so it's going to be done differently but there's nobody to witness and there's no evidence of the uh first time through so we'll do it again I'm going to be speaking on something that I have never um talked about on the podcast and it definitely is uh around the intersection of money and emotions and um let's see if you can uh identify any of the ads I'm going to read three ads and I'm hearing these a lot I watch a lot of uh um news Cable News television um especially on Sundays and I listen to talk radio um when I'm driving or maybe first thing in the morning and I'm hearing these ads uh a lot one of them goes like this are you worried about the value of the dollar plummeting protect your wealth and Safeguard your financial future by investing in gold don't gamble with your finances choose the proven Safeguard of gold all right here's another one are you ready to level up your Investments don't settle for the same old stocks and bonds invest in the Timeless Beauty and value of gold don't wait buy gold today and join the ranks of the elite or how about this one the fate of the US dollar it's uncertain and with ballooning debt levels in a struggling economy experts warn that a collapse could be imminent protect yourself and your family by investing in gold the ultimate hedge against economic instability don't wait until it's too late secure your future with gold today so like I said it's hard uh not to be just um inundated by these dire warnings of the imminent collapse of the US economy and the dollar now I might say that all of these ads were written before um and so it it's the same regurgitation it's the same message that quite frankly has been around I would say at least for 40 years and the interesting thing is that these ads must be hitting home because the inquiries I've had around wondering if I should sell out of a diversified portfolio and go to Gold might be a good idea with the answer to that is yes would be a great idea if the US economy is going to collapse the value of US businesses and real estate will become worthless then going to gold is a great move the question is how can we honestly assess the probability of the economy collapsing I wrote this as as a quote from my blog the last few years have tempted investors to take part in a modern go Rush the precious metal is thought of as a safe harbor for investment Capital during times of Economic and political unrest and Chaos now was that something I wrote last month no last year no no I wrote that 10 years ago and I write something similar to that every few years when the investing gold or face financial disaster ads run now what does this have to do with financial therapy or emotions so it's almost laughable to ask isn't it the primary selling strategy with these ads is not logic or facts and rarely do ads really uh count on that uh the purveyors of investing in gold are really not selling gold as much as they are selling a solution to the fear that they create the Panic that they create the anxiety that they bring up within a person it's the anxiety and fear that I'm not going to be okay that I'm not going to survive that I'm not going to have enough to eat that I'm going to watch the painful erosion of everything that I have worked for in my life and that the only way from avoiding these difficult emotions is to buy gold now of course that's not what they're saying right but that's definitely what's happening behind the curtain behind the scenes the problem with this is we're not getting this information from a unbiased Source right what is the motivation for the companies that are selling the gold to be giving us the advice that the economy is going to collapse the dollar is going to go to nothing well their whole purpose is to sell us gold if they don't sell gold they don't eat they have a huge conflict of interest don't they when it comes to giving Financial advice this is not Financial advice this is pure sales propaganda the message is if you don't buy gold you're not going to eat and it's in their interest to motivate you to buy gold with any strategy any manipulation any exaggeration or any outright lie that they can produce um now that puts them in a really really bad light and I'm not suggesting everybody that sells gold is a manipulator or dishonest but certainly the ads that I read at the uh opening of this episode are appealing to fear and to panic and this is really important like I said if they don't sell gold they don't make a profit they don't stay in in business so this is something that's important for us to look at you know in every case anytime that we see advertisements we're not looking at unbiased sources doesn't matter what it is you know if it's clothing if it's Vehicles if it's deodorant Cosmetics whatever it is it's the job J of The Advertiser to create a desire to play on emotions to get to those underlying vulnerabilities that we have to motivate us to buy not in every case but in most cases so let's try and take a look behind the curtain of fear about the dollar and our economy class collapsing cuz we are certainly hearing a lot about that today this is nothing new so for those of you that are a third my age half my age I don't think this is the first time that you've ever had a chance to hear it but this may be the first time you've ever paid attention to this there's nothing new Under the Sun um I was this is full confession a hardcore gold bug in my 20s I completely bought into the notion that paper currency was going to collapse um financial investments which were paper that was back in the day when you could get shares of stock actually tangible but they were paper right they were no good I followed a bunch of new newsletters um oh by Dr Gary north um Ruff Howard Ruff the ruff ruff times um Harry Schultz was back in that day um there's a whole bunch of them that were forecasting the end of uh paper Investments and the end of our currency their message was the only play to make to survive was to own gold kands Maple Leaves uh us uh gold dollars pre-1964 silver coins and real estate and um I was in real estate at that time and like a lot of people that sell real estate certainly own real estate we we call them tangible investors and these are investors that emotionally are drawn to wanting to touch feel and see their Investments so gold silver diamonds um gemstones um collections collecting wine collecting anything all this would fall into the category of tangible investing and if you look down below that you'll see a real need for control and sometimes there's fear of what what we don't understand sometimes almost always and many of those don't understand the financial markets or how they work it's a big black hole there's a lot of fear with that but there's not a lot of fear if I can put a gold coin in front of me on my desk it's tangible so I was a completely sold and caught up in that I remember I put 250 yeah $250 into an IRA back in in during that time that was as much as you could put in an IRA back then and man alive I saw that go nowhere um and nowhere meant it wasn't doubling every year so I cashed it out and went and bought a a Krueger hand with it so I was a buyer of gold on January 14th 1980 why is January 14th 1980 um so specific well that's when the price of gold hit its all-time high at $811 an ounce I think it was $811 I know it was over and um even though it hit its high it absolutely was going higher I mean we were talking about gold prices of two 5 10 35 ,000 we foresaw gold performing almost the way Bitcoin did what 30 years later 40 years yeah 30 years later um so it was a it was a bargain I mean back in those days when I got paid I converted the part of my paycheck that I could invest into uh rolls of silver dollars so I think you get the picture now over the last 43 44 years since that time I become older I guess that's fortunately and a little wiser which is really fortunate I mean I waited and I waited and I waited for the US economy to melt down for the dollar to plummet it never happened about the time I thought maybe it was underway boom it would turn around I mean the dollar I don't know if it's as strong as it's ever been today but it's really strong um it's definitely been stronger since the U pandemic um it's been predictions of the dollar uh not being The the Reserve currency of the world have been um uh circulated for decades now could it happen someday yes is it going to happen today no over those uh 43 44 years I saw my gold investment go from $800 ah to $216 it did go up two and a half times so I mean I wasn't wrong was I well during the same time $800 adjusted for inflation needed to grow to just over $3,100 now the bottom line is my gold went to 2,000 I needed 3,100 to keep even with inflation so the bottom line the gold didn't even keep Pace with inflation over that 43 uh year period of time um that was not as advertised it was at least suppos to keep Pace with inflation and of course the economy was supposed to tank and the dollar be worth nothing which um would have meant gold would have been Far and Away the best investment but it didn't happen on the other hand had I taken that $800 and invested invested it in the S&P um which is uh an index of the 500 largest stocks in the United States had I invested it in those terrible paper financial investments it would have grown to 88,000 $853 $888,888 now that includes reinvesting the dividends which is only fair because gold doesn't produce any dividends does it yeah I I checked that calculation three times phenomenal wow wow right uh that's a big price to pay for not sitting with my fear and anxiety isn't it because the solution is once I get uh all that anxiety going about that I'm going to be broke I'm going to be homeless I'm not going to be able to feed myself um and I go to uh satisfy and soothe those difficult emotions rather than sit with them and feel them and become curious about them and curious as to that their origins in my life and in my system that's a big expense isn't it I mean had I known what I known today uh a financial therapist could have been the best investment I would have ever made to span the gap between 288,000 I could have spent a lot of money on financial therapy um and that I'm joking but that's serious really serious so well okay back to the facts that's 43 years period of time how about more recently hasn't gold done better yeah it's done it's done better over the past 10 years which has had a lot lot of economic trepidation a lot of political uncertainty the polarization the um um well it depends what which side you set on whether democracy is eroding uh well maybe both sides would say democracy is eroding a $1,000 investment in Gold 10 years ago grew to just under $1500 today uh to keep Pace with inflation it would need to have grown to 13 00 so the last 10 years gold has done better than inflation how about the same investment in stocks $1,000 in stocks 10 years ago $2500 which is ,000 more not quite two times better than gold so really a number of ways that you take a look at it gold has not lived up to its uh to its hype and those financial investments have done really well now who knows the next 10 years could be what I would call a Commodities decade where Commodities tangible things oil uh sugar uh gold uh soybeans things like that do better than stocks that was the case in the 70s Commodities did better than stocks um you never know and um long-term just focusing on gold and silver has not been a winner in fact any way you slice it investing in Gold's been an epic fail um so those that are selling us the gold would suggest thatth this time things are different though you can't look at the past thing look at how terrible the debt situation is look how terrible the uh political unrest is in our our our country um it's different this time and you'd better invest in gold however if we strip away the difficult emotions around that and we take a look at some of the facts some of the data the high probability is they're wrong again and following their advice will be hugely financially harmful to you just like it was me now having said all that again as I opened with if you're concerned about the collapse of the US economy own it makes sense to own some gold silver and cash cash right there's more of a probability if our economy gets in trouble the banking system gets in trouble that there'll be a bank holiday the banks will close uh and they'll limit what you can take out of your account now this happened not too long ago too many years ago in Cyprus and they'll limit you to I don't know $200 a day or something to withdraw from your account so having some cash on the sidelines can make some sense gold and silver is useful if everything melts down like it was maybe in um North or South Vietnam uh back during the Vietnamese War to get out of the country or Cambodia um it can it can buy you um maybe safe passage out of the country but this is insurance I'm talking insurance I'm talking something that you're going to put away in a safe and not expect any return on it's not an investment it's Insurance a sunk cost and in this case you don't want to own ETFs or mutual funds you don't want to own gold in an IRA because this isn't physical you don't have that in your possession for this to be catastrophe Insurance you must have it in your possession so some I don't know probably not as much as a percent half percent quarter percent I don't know what that number would be but if you have parts of yourself that are really anxious that want to protect yourself in in this the case of a collapse of the US which in the short term is highly improbable even in the the moderate term and it depends in the longterm what you classify as longterm it can make some sense to have those physical items in your possession um so outside of that you really need to make sure that your your uh retirement uh funds uh what you're going to count on for uh your in come when you stop working are held in um financial instruments because they by large have been the better Investments um so again it's it's important for us to sit with these difficult emotions that we have around the fear and the Panic of the money scripts that are driving our our actions because this Dynamic is the same thing as with a stock market and we've talked about this before that when we see our stocks going down we can panic and get out we have immediate relief from the anxiet but then the anxiety builds as we watch the market go up it finally uh we get convinced it's going to continue to go up we get into the market goes up for a little bit then turns around and goes down again and this is called timing the market right well obviously selling out and going to gold is timing the market right we're convinced Financial Calamity is around the corner I've seen this play out in so many ways of falling off the financial cliff I think that was in 2012 I remember clients who were absolutely convinced that as of January 1 the market was going to tank and um fortunately none of them got out a lot of them were holding me accountable to what would happen and in every case stocks went up they they would have cost themselves thousands tens of thousands hundreds of thousands of dollars had they gotten out before that so we've got to look at that we've got to look at our confirmation bias we've got to look at our fear of failing to be wrong because sometimes when we got we buy into these theories we so much want to believe them and we fear uh you confirmation bias as we look for all of the uh evidence that was suggest were right all the evidence that suggest say here's why the US dollar is going to nothing and we reject considering the opposite why I would suggest it's a huge fear of failure it's a huge fear of saying I was wrong it's a huge fear of acknowledging my fear has really cost me a lot of money I have missed out on a huge run up in stocks and to admit that now will be painful because I'm holding on to the hope that I was right and the stock market will go down the dollar will go down and I will be justified in the end and that's what keeps a person hanging on to a loser uh when you talk about timing stocks and uh investing in that manner is we can we contend to hold on to losers too long because of our confirmation bias and our fear of of saying you know I was wrong now I am talking about individual stocks I'm talking about a very specific undiversified investment that is not the case of holding a diversified portfolio um a diversified portfolio by Nature nature is not going to disappear and there's there's not a pragmatic way to time a diversified portfolio it'll go up and down it'll tend to go up more than it goes down I'm talking about making these undiversified specific Investments so it's um it's important that we understand what the emotions are that are driving us to make these decisions and it's important that we learn to be with those emotions honor them understand that they they um have something to tell us um I think it was George Kinder that once taught me that pain is the Bell weather is it the Bell weather of Awakening so it's important to listen to those emotions and not try to get rid of them that's that's what buying the gold is doing that's what selling out is doing it's trying to resist and get rid of the emotion rather than embrace it and feel it and ask what does it have to tell me thanks so much for joining me I'll look forward to being with you next time thanks for joining me Rick Kaylor for another episode of financial therapy it's not just about the money this is where I combine the nuts and bolts of drive making them remember every financial behavior whether it appears illogical to you or others makes perfect sense when we understand the underlying beliefs feelings and thoughts sign up for my weekly blog at Financial awakening.com I hope you'll join me again for our next episode so

- How To Get Rich Without Anxiety: 7 Silent Habits of Quietly Wealthy People | No Flex & No Stress!: Kind: captions Language: en Look around online. [music] We are conditioned to believe wealth means designer clothes, passcars, and constant [music] noise. That's loud worth. Let me ask you an honest question. [music] The kind we have on the farm podcast. Is loud worth worth the metal cast, the pressure, the debt, the anxiety, the constant pressure to keep up? I think [music] so. Hello everyone, Brimmo here. My name is Brimo Umaru for those of us see me for the very first [music] time and this is the fam podcast. Today we are talking about quiet wealth, the deep stress-free security that grants you true freedom and most importantly peace [music] of mind. So, I'm breaking down the seven silent habits of people [music] who are truly wealthy and relaxed. If you ready, let's [music] go. So, what is quiet world? Quiet world isn't the size of your house or the car you drive. It's about the distance between [music] you, your wants, and your resources. It's freedom from debt. It's freedom [music] from the clock, the time. It's freedom from the nouring, anxiety, and pressure. People who pursue quiet wealth prioritize mental peace over social validation. And that distinction, [music] my friend, changes everything. Number one, wealthy people, they master their passive income. The kind of well income, the money you call it, sleep wellare money. They build income streams that don't require their active [music] daily labor. This is what I call again sleep well money. [music] They are securing their future which buys them mental [music] space today. The quiet joy of any while you sleep is the most peaceful financial feeling in the world. And I encourage us to have that kind of habit. Number two, they prioritize financial boundaries. Their no is power. They are comfortable saying no to [music] expensive social invite, pressure to lend [music] an unnecessary upgrade. They will tell you no. Their no is not rude. Their no protects their peace and they take it seriously. Financial boundaries are the ultimate defense against financial stress. You must [music] learn to use them. Number three, they practice extreme under [music] consumption, the invisible lifestyle. They don't [music] buy status symbol. They drive reliable car. And guess what? They live deliberately below their means, making their wealth invisible to most people. They understand that the only person truly paying attention to your new luxury purchase [music] is the next person trying to sell you something. Know this and know peace. Quiet wealth isn't owning your possession, not the other way around. Number four, they ultimate their generosity, the giving back kind of peace. They don't wait until they are super rich to give. They ultimate a small percentage of their income for charities or for family support. This fulfills the spiritual and moral purpose of money without strain. [music] Generosity must be a system, not a spontaneous stressor. That's how I've been able to handle a lot of outgoings when it comes to rising costs international, the foundation we have in Nigeria and here in UK. [music] I think that system works magic. Number five, they embrace boring investments, the steady heart rate portfolio, they avoid crypto hype and day trading stress. [music] They invest in broadified indexes that [music] are reliable, low fees and require zero emotional energy. Oh my god, high-risk investing gives you high stress. Quiet chooses the low heart rate approach every single time. You don't have to kill yourself because you want to make money. They make it easy, slow, and steady. And that should be the way we should go about money and investment. Number six, they treat time as their most valuable asset. The time is peace. They pay people to do task they dislike or are inefficient or they are not good at planning, admin, yard work, just name it. Because if you are doing that, you are wasting your time. You can just pay someone to do that for you where you can focus your attention on the things that are very important. This is an investment in their time which is an investment [music] in their happiness and focus. You must stop trading time you hate for a few [music] pennies you don't need. And number seven they define enough the ultimate meta boundary. They have a number or you call it a lifestyle [music] that represents enough. Once they hit it, they shift focus from earning to living, contributing and maintaining. We don't know when to stop. We just keep on [music] going. Keep on going until you're stressed out. Pursuit of more without a purpose is a trap that destroys mental well-being. [music] You just want to keep on going. Where are you taking this money to? Defining enough is true financial and spiritual freedom, my [music] friend. Quiet wealth isn't about being secret. [music] It's about being secure. Know your limits. Know when to pause, when to stop, when to rest. [music] It is the highest form of self-care. You have the power to choose peace [music] over performance. Start building this habit today because it will help your mental well-being. It's not always about money. Money, your peace of mind is important. Don't forget the founders is your platform for sincere and honest conversation about integrating your personal finance and meta wellbe because they are very very very important. That's why I always say here that personal finance is personal and your mental well-being is priceless. Master your money, protect your peace. If you are [music] listening and you're watching me and thinking, "Wow, this is exactly what I needed [music] to hear today." Then pause for a second, hit [music] the like button, subscribe to the farm podcast, and tell me in the [music] comments which habit do you want to start working on first. Your engagement isn't for vanity, [music] my friend. It helps this message to reach someone who is silently drowning in financial stress and trying to keep up with the noise of loud worth. >> In a world where financial [music] stress and mental health struggles seem to go hand in hand, one podcast aims to help you find solace and guidance. Introducing the FAM podcast. Navigating you through the tricky waters of personal finance and mental well-being. Our [music] mission is to empower you with the knowledge and tools to create a healthy relationship with money while nurturing your mental health. Join host Brimo [music] Umu, a debt to prosperity success story as he dives deep into financial habits and [music] mental well-being. Discover Brimo's secrets of financial literacy and mental health strategies for coping with financial stress. Get ready for thought-provoking discussions, practical tips, and Brio's real life stories [music] of triumph over adversity. Let's embark on a transformative journey together [music] that will change your relationship with money, your state of mind, and ultimately change your life. Tune in to the FAM podcast. If this episode touched your heart in any way, if it gave you clarity, peace, even just one moment of relief, please do me a favor. Like this video, subscribe to the farm podcast. Share it with someone, one person who deserve financial peace this year and comment below. I choose quiet [music] wealth. Your voice matters here. Your growth matters. If someone you know is carrying a financial burden in [music] silence, please share this video with them. As I always say, master your money, protect your peace, and don't forget personal finance is personal and your mental wellbeing is priceless. After then I will see you in the next video. Take care and bye-bye. >> [music] >> Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @telvinkingsley6246 [2 likes]: I learnt to face my fear and educate myself Continuously learn and improve my skills to stay ahead of the game.
Build relationships with successful people and learn from their experiences. Thanks alot sir.
  2. @sibeateesther [1 likes]: Thank you so more sir, this is very  powerful chose your peace of mind rather than  spending to impressed others.
  3. @ChachaQueen-lz6tx [1 likes]: So interesting. Motivation teacher. I will start building this tips for peace of mind.

- 124 How Fear and Anxiety Keeps You Poor and Others Rich: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to another Edition I just had happen which I suppose has happened to every podcaster I recorded a wonderful segment and my mic was turned off oh man so I'm gonna do this again the problem is so it's going to be done differently but there's nobody to witness and there's no evidence of the first time through so we'll do it again I'm gonna be speaking on something that I have never talked about on the podcast and it definitely is around the intersection of money and emotions and um let's see if you can identify any of the ads I'm going to read three ads and I'm hearing these a lot I watch a lot of um news Cable News television um especially on Sundays and I listened to talk radio um when I'm driving or maybe first thing in the morning and I'm hearing these ads a lot one of them goes like this are you worried about the value of the dollar plummeting protect your wealth and Safeguard your financial future by investing in gold don't gamble with your finances choose the proven Safeguard of gold all right here's another one are you ready to level up your Investments don't settle for the same old stocks and bonds invest in the Timeless Beauty and value of gold don't wait buy gold today and join the ranks of the elite or how about this one the fate of the US dollar it's uncertain and with ballooning debt levels in a struggling economy experts warn that a collapse could be imminent protect yourself and your family by investing in gold the ultimate hedge against economic instability don't wait until it's too late secure your future with gold today it's like I said it's hard uh not to be just inundated by these dire warnings of the imminent collapse of the U.S economy and the dollar now I might say that all of these ads were written before 2020 um and so it's the same regurgitation it's the same message that quite frankly has been around I would say at least for 40 years and the interesting thing is that these ads must be hitting home because the inquiries I've had around wondering if I should sell out of a dirt Diversified portfolio on go to Gold might be a good idea with the answer to that is yes would be a great idea if the U.S economy is going to collapse the value of U.S businesses and real estate will become worthless thing going to gold is a great move question how can we honestly assess probability of the economy collapsing I I wrote this is a quote from my blog the last few years have tempted investors to take part in a modern go Rush the precious metal is thought of as a safe harbor for investment Capital during times of Economic and political unrest and chaos now is that something I wrote last month no last year no no I wrote that 10 years ago and I write something similar to that every few years when the invest in gold or face financial disaster ads run now what does this have to do what Financial therapy are emotions so it's almost laughable to ask isn't it the primary selling strategy with these ads is not logic or facts and rarely do ads really count on that the purveyors of investing in gold are really not selling gold much as they are selling a solution to the fear that they create the Panic that they create the anxiety that they bring up within a person is the anxiety and fear that I'm not going to be okay that I'm not going to survive that I'm not going to have enough to eat that I'm going to watch the painful erosion of everything that I have worked for in my life and that the only way from avoiding these difficult emotions to buy gold now of course that's not what they're saying right but that's definitely what's happening behind the curtain behind the scenes the problem with this is we're not getting this information from a unbiased source right what is the motivation for the companies that are selling the gold to be giving us the advice that the economy is going to collapse the dollar is going to go to nothing well their whole purpose is to sell us gold if they don't sell gold they don't eat they have a huge conflict of interest don't they when it comes to giving Financial advice this is not Financial advice this is pure sales propaganda the message is if you don't buy gold you're not going to eat and it's in their interest to motivate you to buy gold with any strategy any manipulation any exaggeration or any outright lie that they can produce um now that puts them in a really really bad light and I'm not suggesting everybody that sells gold is a manipulator or dishonest but certainly the ads that I read at the opening of this episode are appealing to fear into panic and this is really important like I said if they don't sell gold they don't make a profit and they don't stay in in business so this is something that's important for us to look at you know in every case any time that we see advertisements we're not looking at unbiased sources no matter what it is you know if it's clothing if it's vehicles if it's deodorant Cosmetics whatever it is it's the job of the advertiser to create a desire to play on emotions to get to those underlying vulnerabilities that we have to motivate us to buy not in every case but in most cases so let's try and take a look behind the curtain of fear about the dollar and our economy collapsing because we are certainly hearing a lot about that today this is nothing new so for those of you that are a third my age half my age I don't think this is the first time that you've ever had a chance to hear it but this may be the first time you've ever paid attention to this there's nothing new Under the Sun um I was this is full confession a hardcore gold bug in my 20s I completely bought into the notion that paper currency was going to collapse financial investments which were paper that was back in the day when you could get shares of stock actually tangible but they were paper right they were no good I followed a bunch of newsletters Oh by Dr Gary north um rough Howard Ruff the rough Ruff times um Harry Schultz was back in that day there is a whole bunch of them that were forecasting the end of uh paper Investments and the end of our currency their message was the only play to make to survive was to own gold krugerrands maple leaves uh U.S uh gold dollars pre-1964 silver coins and real estate I was in real estate at that time and like a lot of people that sell real estate certainly own real estate we we call them tangible investors and these are investors that emotionally are drawn to wanting to touch feel and see their Investments so gold silver diamonds um gemstones um collections collecting wine collecting anything all this would fall into the category of tangible investing and if you look down below that you'll see a real need for control and sometimes there's fear of what what we don't understand sometimes almost always and many of those don't understand the financial markets or how they work it's a big black hole there's a lot of fear with that but there's not a lot of fear if I can put a gold coin in front of me on my desk tangible so I was a completely sold and caught up in that I remember I put 250 yeah 250 into an IRA back in during that time that was as much as you could put in an IRA back then and fan alive I saw that go nowhere um and nowhere man it wasn't doubling every year so I cashed it out and went and bought a Kruger in with it so I was a buyer of gold on January 14th 1980 why is January 14 1980 um so specific well that's when the price of gold hit its all-time high at 811 dollars an ounce I think it was 811. I know it was over 800. and um even though I just hit a tie it absolutely was going higher I mean we were talking about gold prices of 2 5 10 000 we foresaw gold performing almost the way Bitcoin did what 30 years later 40 years yeah 30 years later um so it was a it was a bargain I mean back in those days when I got paid I converted the part of my paycheck that I could invest into uh rolls of silver dollars so I think you get the picture over the last 43 44 years since that time I become older I guess that's fortunately and a little wiser which is really fortunate I mean I waited and I waited and I waited for the U.S economy to melt down for the dollar to plummet it never happened about the time I thought maybe it was underway boom it would turn around I mean the dollar I don't know if it's as strong as it's ever been today but it's really strong um it's definitely been stronger since the um pandemic um it's been predictions of the dollar uh not being The the Reserve currency of the world have been um circulated for decades now could it happen someday yes is it going to happen today no for those uh 43 44 years I saw my gold investment go from 800 ah to two thousand and sixteen dollars it did go up two and a half times so I mean I wasn't wrong was I well during the same time eight hundred dollars adjusted for inflation needed to grow to just over 3 100 dollars now the bottom line is my gold went to 2000 I needed 3 100 to keep even with inflation so the bottom line the gold didn't even keep Pace with inflation over that 43 uh year period of time um that was not as advertised it was at least both to keep Pace with inflation and of course the economy was supposed to tank and the dollar be worth nothing which meant gold it would have been Far and Away the best investment but it didn't happen on the other hand had I taken that eight hundred dollars and invested invested it in the S P 500 which is an index of the 500 largest stocks in the United States and I invested it in those terrible paper financial investments it would have grown to 80 853 dollars 853 dollars now that includes reinvesting the dividends which is only fair because gold doesn't produce any dividends does it yeah I I checked that calculation three times phenomenal wow wow right uh that's a big price to pay for not sitting with my fear and anxiety isn't it because the solution is once I get all that anxiety going about that I'm going to be broke I'm going to be a homeless I'm not going to be able to feed myself um and I go to satisfy and soothe those difficult emotions rather than sit with them and feel them and become curious about them and curious as to that their origins in my life and in my system that's a big expense isn't it I mean had I known what I known today a financial therapist could have been the best investment I would have ever made to span the gap between two thousand and eighty eight thousand I could have spent a lot of money on financial therapy therapy um and that's I'm joking but that's serious really serious so well okay back to the facts uh that's 43 years period of time how about more recently hasn't gold done better yeah it's done better over the past 10 years which has had a lot of economic trepidation a lot of political uncertainty the polarization the um well it depends what's what side you set on whether democracy is eroding uh well maybe both sides would say democracy is eroding ah one thousand dollar investment in Gold 10 years ago grew to just under fifteen hundred dollars today uh to keep Pace with inflation it would need to have grown to thirteen hundred so in the last 10 years gold has done better than inflation about the same investment in stocks thousand dollars in stocks ten years ago would have grown to 2500 dollars which is a thousand dollars more not quite two times better than gold so really a number of ways that you take a look at it gold has not lived up to its uh to its hype and those financial investments have done really well now who knows the next 10 years could be what I would call a Commodities decade Square Commodities tangible things oil sugar soybeans things like that do better than stocks that was the case in the 70s Commodities did better than stocks you never know long-term just focusing on gold and silver has not been a winner in fact any way you slice it investing in gold has been an epic fail those that are selling this the gold would suggest that this time things are different though you can't look at the past thing look at how terrible the debt situation is look how terrible the political unrest is in our our our country um it's different this time and you'd better invest in gold however if we strip away the difficult emotions around that and we take a look at some of the facts some of the data the high probabilities they're wrong again and following their advice will be hugely financially harmful to you just like it was me now having said all that again as I opened with if you're concerned about the collapse of the U.S economy it all it makes sense to own some Gold Silver and cash cash right there's more of a probability if our economy gets in trouble the banking system gets in trouble that there'll be a bank holiday the banks will close uh and they'll limit what you can take out of your account now this happened not too long ago too many years ago in Cyprus and they'll limit you to I don't know 200 a day or something to withdraw from your account so having some cash on the sidelines can make some sense a gold and silver is useful of everything melts down like it was maybe in um North or South Vietnam back during the Vietnamese War to get out of the country or Cambodia it can it can buy you um maybe safe passage out of the country but this is insurance I'm talking insurance I'm talking something that you're going to put away in a safe and not expect any return on it's not an investment it's Insurance assault cost and in this case you don't want to own ETFs or mutual funds you don't want own gold in an IRA because this isn't physical you don't have that in your possession for this to be catastrophe Insurance you must have it in your possession so some I don't know probably not as much as a percent half percent quarter percent I don't know what that number would be but if you have parts of yourself that are really anxious that want to protect yourself in the in this case of a collapse of the U.S which in the short term is highly improbable even in the the moderate term and it depends in the long term what you classify as long term it can make some sense to have those physical items in your possession outside of that you really need to make sure that you're you're retirement funds uh what you're going to count on for your income when you stop working are held in financial instruments because they buy large have been the better Investments so again it's it's important for us to sit with that we have around the fear and the panic of the money Scripts that are driving our our actions because this Dynamic is the same thing as with a stock market and we've talked about this before that when we see our stocks going down we can panic and get out we have immediate relief from the anxiety but then the anxiety builds as we watch the market go up it finally we get convinced it's going to continue to go up we get into the market goes up for a little bit then turns around and goes down again this is called timing the market right well obviously selling out and going to is timing the market right we're convinced Financial Calamity is around the corner I've seen this play out in so many ways of falling off the financial cliff I think that was in 2012. I remember clients that were absolutely convinced that as of January 1 the market was going to tank and um fortunately none of them got out a lot of them were holding me accountable to what would happen and in every case stocks went up they they would have cost themselves thousands tens of thousands hundreds of thousands of dollars had they gotten out be so we've got to look at that we've got to look at our confirmation bias we've got to look at our fear of failing to be wrong because sometimes when we got we buy into these theories we so much want to believe them and we fear uh you know confirmation biases we look for all of the evidence that would suggest we're right all the evidence that suggests here's why the US dollar is going to nothing and we reject considering the opposite why I would suggest it's a huge fear of failure it's a huge fear of saying I was wrong it's a huge fear of acknowledging my fear has really cost me a lot of money I have missed out on a huge run up in stocks and to admit that now will be painful because I'm holding on to the hope that I was right in the stock market will go down the dollar will go down and I will be justified in the end and that's what keeps a person hanging on to a loser when you talk about timing stocks and investing in that manner is we can we can tend to hold on to Losers too long because of our confirmation bias and our fear of of saying you know I was wrong now I am talking about individual stocks I'm talking about it in a very specific undiversified investment that is not the case of holding a diversified portfolio a diversified portfolio by nature is not going to disappear and there's there's not a pragmatic way to time a diversified portfolio it'll go up and down it'll tend to go up more than it goes down I'm talking about making these undiversified specific it's important that we understand what the emotions are that are driving us to make these decisions and it's important that we learn to be with those emotions honor them understand that they they have something to tell us um I think it was George Kinder that once taught me that pain is the Bellwether it's at the bellwether of Awakening so it's important to listen to those and not try to get rid of them that's that's what buying the gold is doing that's what selling out is doing it's trying to resist and get rid of the emotion rather than embrace it and feel it and ask what does it have to tell me thanks so much for joining me I'll look forward to being with you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @rniywv7hkk: Finally some logic. I've come to a point where I've deleted social media  accounts like twitter because the fear mongering is unbearable and just feels completely wrong.

- Psychology of People Who Fear Big Money | Inside the Human Mind: Kind: captions Language: en Big money doesn't scare everyone until it shows up in your world. The second you picture a bigger paycheck or a real investment, your stomach tightens for no clear reason. You might call it nothing, but it changes what you do. So, you delay the offer, you underpric the project, or you keep your dreams safe by staying small. Here's what usually happens. Someone offers you a serious deal, and instead of feeling relief, you start hunting for problems. timelines that are too short, terms that are probably risky, partners who might not understand, and then the cause and effect becomes obvious. You say no, or you negotiate yourself down, and a week later, you tell yourself it was the smart move. But your future looks the same as before. You end up building a life that matches your fear, not your capacity. That's the real problem with the fear of big money. It doesn't just protect you from losing. It also protects you from growing. Right at the moment when you most need to choose one, the moment big money feels dangerous. Banks don't usually scare people because of money itself. They get worried when it starts behaving like it can't be trusted. Big money starts to feel dangerous the moment someone realizes the deal is moving faster than the paperwork and the promises don't match what's actually written down. A concrete example is a landlord offering a quick payoff to fix a problem that's already documented as unsafe. The check shows up before inspection, but the condition still hasn't been corrected. And then the landlord asks the tenant to sign a release right away. That combination, money arriving first, accountability arriving later, turns excitement into suspicion fast. People feel it in their body because they can't locate the risk in any normal place like a misstep, a missing signature or a clear chain of responsibility. Another moment comes when large sums start showing up through intermediaries instead of directly. Someone closes a deal through a consultant who insists that payments must go to a separate account. Sometimes even in a different name than the contracting company. That's when the cause and effect becomes obvious. If the money is real, the payment path should be straightforward. If the path is confusing, it makes the money feel like a cover. Even if the number on the screen looks legitimate, the friction around who receives it and who controls it makes the whole transaction feel unstable. This tension also shows up in everyday consumer finance, not just high stakes investing. A person gets contacted about a guaranteed return tied to a wealthy sponsor, and suddenly the language shifts toward urgency and secrecy. They're told not to verify details with their own bank, or not to discuss terms with anyone inside the space. The moment they try to slow down and request plain documentation, who's underwriting it, what the contract says, what happens if things go wrong, the sponsor stops answering, or offers a different story. When communication breaks, exactly when verification becomes necessary, fear has a reason to form. It gets even sharper when big money changes the incentives around you. At a workplace, a vendor might offer a large contract, but the wind depends on cutting compliance steps that protect the company and the public. When employees notice that the vendor staff avoids written records and prefers verbal approvals, the danger doesn't feel theoretical anymore. The money is buying access, and access without records is where liability usually lands later. That's the moment big money feels dangerous. Not because it's big, but because it shows up with pressure, opacity, and a pattern of avoiding accountability. Two, how fear forms past signals and present assumptions. Big money often doesn't arrive like a headline. It shows up as a pattern people have already learned to distrust. When someone repeatedly sees wealthy backers pull strings, their brain starts linking bigger checks with fewer choices. That link can form without anyone making an argument just from lived examples that feel connected. A new opportunity then gets judged through the same lens, even if the details are totally different. A past signal can be as ordinary as a job offer that comes with invisible pressure. Someone gets hired because a client is funding the project and then decisions start shifting in ways that never get written down. Meetings that used to be collaborative become shorter. Feedback becomes narrower and certain topics simply don't get discussed. After that experience, the mind predicts the next funding stream will behave the same way because the outcome felt real and the warning felt immediate. Those predictions usually harden into present assumptions the moment big money appears on the scene. If a fundraiser becomes fast, the assumption becomes that it's not about support, it's about control. If an investor asks more questions than usual, the assumption becomes that they're searching for leverage rather than clarity. Even the language can trigger it. Phrases like alignment, synergy, or strategy can start sounding like signals that other voices will be filtered out. Sometimes the fear is driven by how people remember incentives, not just the events themselves. A person recalls that when a wealthy sponsor joined, budgets got redirected and some teams were quietly deprioritized. They don't always remember the specific contract terms, but they remember the effect on daily work, fewer resources for maintenance, more resources for visible deliverables, and a calendar that suddenly has to serve someone else's timeline. That effect becomes a template. So the next time a large donation is announced, the mind tries to place everyone into those same roles. There's also a subtle cause and effect loop in the way fear changes behavior, which then seems to confirm fear. When someone anticipates control, they withhold ideas, speak more cautiously, or avoid asking for details. That makes collaboration slower and reduces transparency. So observers can interpret the hesitation as evidence that things are already off limits. Then the same person thinks. See, big money makes people secretive even though their own caution helped create the secrecy. Three, what fear looks like in real choices and behaviors. Big money fear shows up fast in everyday decisions, especially when people expect a large sum to change everything. The moment money feels big, choices get smaller and more careful. You can see it in how someone suddenly delays a clear next step, even when the numbers are already known. A common pattern is overchecking and avoidance right after a promising opportunity appears. Someone might receive an offer letter or a payout estimate, then spend weeks asking the same questions instead of signing, transferring oruling. The cause and effect is simple. They imagine one mistake will be irreversible. So they protect themselves by creating delay. In practice, that delay costs them leverage because the best terms often depend on quick action. Another real behavior is moral bargaining, where people try to prove they're not after money while still fearing it deeply. They'll say they want impact, but they choose roles based on how little financial exposure they can manage. Someone could turn down a higher paying position because the salary makes them feel like they'll become a different person. Then they pick a lower risk path that keeps them feeling safe, even if it means staying stuck where the work is less aligned. You'll also notice defensive spending decisions that look responsible but are actually anxiety in disguise. If a person is afraid of big money, they might refuse upgrades that would remove friction, like a reliable car repair, better child care options, or stable housing support. The effect is that life stays harder on purpose because difficulty feels controllable and small. For example, instead of setting a realistic budget that includes one clear improvement, they keep their finances tightly restricted and wait for permission that never comes. Relationships can change too because big money fear often brings suspicion and secrecy. One partner may avoid discussing income details, not because the details are private, but because talking about them feels dangerous. That silence creates uncertainty, and uncertainty turns into arguments about fairness, effort, and trust. You can end up with a couple where one person fears financial imbalance so much that they hide plans while the other person senses the gap and grows resentful. Risk behavior also flips in unexpected directions. Some people swing toward extreme conservatism, putting off investment decisions and keeping funds in the least dynamic place because big money feels fragile. Others do the opposite, chasing quick returns as a way to overpower fear, then pulling out when the outcome feels uncertain. Either way, the behavior tracks the same feeling. The size of the money makes them react to the idea of loss more intensely than to the plan itself. Even paperwork can become a battlefield. When fear is present, people get stuck on contract details, not necessarily because they don't understand them, but because signing feels like surrendering control. They might negotiate indefinitely, demand more documentation than the situation calls for, or involve extra gatekeepers until the deal becomes unworkable. The consequence is predictable. The opportunity cools off. Counterparties move on. And the fear gets confirmed through outcome instead of addressed through clarity. Four, the logic of risk. Why the fear doesn't match the outcome. Big money often triggers a risk story in people's heads, even when the real risk is smaller than they think. That reaction makes sense on the surface because large sums look hard to control, and uncertainty feels bigger when the numbers get bigger. Risk logic usually goes wrong at the point where people substitute scale for likelihood. If someone hears big investor money, they may assume the downside is automatically larger, but the actual downside depends on deal terms, enforcable protections, and how cash flows are structured. A person who fears losing control might picture a dramatic takeover scenario. Yet, a simple protective clause like limits on voting or required consent for major actions can reduce that specific risk a lot. Consider how many everyday decisions are managed with big ticket money already without panic. A household may put a large deposit on a home and still sign a contract with contingencies, escrow, inspection terms, and clear remedies if something goes wrong. The fear doesn't disappear because the money is smaller. It drops because the pathway for loss is defined and the process for recovery is spelled out. When the same clarity exists in a business or personal investment deal, the big money equals catastrophe assumption stops matching reality. In practice, fear tends to ignore the strongest factor in risk where the losses are bounded. If an investment is structured so the investor's loss is capped to the amount invested, the odds of a catastrophic outcome are limited to that defined exposure. Meanwhile, the fear often treats every outcome as if it could spiral without limit, like a vague threat hanging over everything. That's why two offers with the same headline size can feel worlds apart. One might include liquidation preferences or repayment schedules, and the other might be mostly promises with few protections. Another mismatch is that fear focuses on worst case imagination, while outcomes usually reflect the most likely path. When money is deployed in trenches tied to milestones, the next step doesn't happen until conditions are met. So, there's a natural break on bad momentum. People who dread big money pressure may expect constant renegotiation or sudden dominance. Yet, milestone-based releases can mean fewer surprises and fewer chances for conflict. Even something as simple as separating operational spending from equity issuance can change the emotional texture because the control points become concrete. You also see this in how people interpret access to resources. Money can reduce risk by extending runway, which gives time to fix problems and collect data, not just by fueling growth. A team that feared layoffs might get breathing room through a funding round that pays specific expenses first and that changes the perceived outcome from will be crushed to we can troubleshoot. When risk decreases because options widen, the fear often lags behind the actual mechanics and that gap is where the logic breaks. Five, a practical way to move through the fear without pretending. Big money anxiety often shows up as a bodily pause. Your mind goes blank, your shoulders tighten, and suddenly you can't hear what you're being offered. That's a real signal, not a flaw in your character. So, the first move is to notice the exact moment it hits. When you feel that tightness, you can name it privately. Fear is here. And the point isn't to cheer yourself up. It's to stop treating the feeling like an emergency. A practical way to move through it without pretending is to shrink the situation until your next action is small enough to be doable. If you're worried about an investing conversation, for example, you don't have to force a confident personality. You just choose one concrete thing. Ask what the fees are or ask how the risk is described or ask for a plain language summary of the plan. People often avoid those questions because they feel beneath their fear. But those questions create traction and traction is what quiets the panic. Another cause and effect that works in real life is this. Fear grows when you try to suppress it and it softens when you give it a job. Instead of pretending you don't care about the money, you can use your concern as a checklist. If you're selling a service and a high offer makes you nervous, you can prepare a short verification routine, confirm scope in writing, confirm payment schedule, confirm what counts as done, and confirm timelines before the conversation even starts. Then during the call, you read your own checklist in your head. Not because you're cold, but because you're protecting clarity. It also helps to separate first feel afraid from first. must act like first I'm not afraid. When someone offers you something big and your stomach drops, you can respond with grounded realism rather than performance. For instance, you might say, "First, I'm interested, but first want to review the terms carefully." Or, "Can you walk me through the downside scenarios in plain language?" Those responses don't pretend the offer doesn't matter. Yet, they keep yo. You can feel it when the numbers get big and your stomach tightens. That fear shows up when a job offer feels too good, when a rent increase looks scary, or when an investment account goes from small to real. You start protecting yourself instead of making a move. So, you delay, you save, and you choose safe options that quietly cost you more over time. Then, something changes, sometimes from a simple conversation. A friend shows how they budgeted after their first real raise, or a partner breaks down the plan with real dates and real amounts. That's when the fear loses power because you can see the cause and effect. Clear expectations reduce anxiety and steady steps reduce the sense that everything could fall apart at once. The key points land like this. Big money isn't dangerous by itself, but fear turns it into a threat in your head. And that mental story can control your decisions. If any of this sounds familiar, you're not behind. You're just human. Take one moment to notice where the fear shows up next time money gets big for you. From there, choose a small action you can actually repeat, like reviewing one bill, setting one automatic transfer, or asking one question before you say yes or no. And when you do, you'll probably feel that shift, less panic, more clarity, and more room to breathe. In the next video, we'll look at what to do when your first plan fails and you still want to move forward. We'll talk through real examples, what people changed, what they stopped doing, and how they built confidence step by

- 5 Steps to Conquer Financial Anxiety When Moving Alone 🏠💰: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our guide on conquering Financial anxiety when moving alone we'll explore practical budgeting tips to ease your journey into Financial Independence in this video we'll cover a comprehensive agenda including understanding your finances the 5030 20th rule estimating utilities cutting expenses and building a sustainable budget it is crucial to have a complete view of your finances before creating a budget start by assessing your income and EXP expenses track your spending for a month to get a clear picture of where your money goes categorize expenses into needs and wants remember to account for unexpected costs the 5030 20ths rule is a popular guideline suggesting allocating 50% of income to needs 30% to wants and 20% to savings however adjust these based on your situation like if rent consumes a larger portion of your income let's test your understanding what percentage of the 503 20th rule is ideally allocated to needs option a 50% option b 30% option C 20% option D 40% you may pause the video now to think about the answer we will discuss the answer in the next section of the video the correct answer is a 50% the 5030 20ths rule suggests that 50% of your income should be allocated to needs needs utility costs can vary widely based on location and lifestyle ensure not to underestimate these expenses by contacting utility companies for average costs in your area consider seasonal fluctuations like higher summer electricity bills ensure your estimates include internet streaming services and other related fees identify areas where you can reduce spending eating out less frequently and avoiding unnecessary purchases can impact your budget use budgeting tools like apps or spreadsheets to track expenses and identify Trends create a detailed budget listing all income and expenses regularly review your budget to ensure it aligns with your financial goals be flexible and adjust as needed seek professional advice from a financial adviser if needed as you move into your own space consider the importance of Financial Planning by understanding your income expenses and creating a realistic budget you can confidently navigate this new chapter remember cons consistent monitoring and adjustments are the key to successful budgeting thank you for watching our video on conquering please like comment and subscribe for more insightful videos we would love to hear your thoughts in the comments below

- Why Americans Are So Stressed About Money: Kind: captions Language: en Americans seem more stressed about money than ever before. 87% of Americans said that inflation and the rising costs of everyday goods is what's driving their stress. And that's one of the highest numbers of stress that we have seen in the Stress in America survey. Four in ten Americans say that money affects them negatively and the state of their mental health. Money is a universal stressor regardless of your financial standing. Poor mental health not only takes a toll on a person's overall well-being, but it's also bad for the economy. Workers experiencing even one poor mental health day a month could lead to $53 billion less in total income each year in the United States. Money touches every part of our lives, right? It's modern day survival. I felt hopeless. I was feeling that depression and I didn't really know what to do. It's affecting some Americans more than others. Statistics say that 75% of Latinos are stressed about money. One of the biggest anxieties that we face is: how are we going to build generational wealth? So why is money so stressful in the United States? And what can Americans do to alleviate the pressure? With the cost of living skyrocketing, many Americans are experiencing financial stress on a daily basis. Something that comes up time and time again when we query Americans about their personal finances. Essentially, it is the expenses that surprise them on an ongoing basis. So trying to pay for everyday items, not having emergency savings and debt. Those three issues are at the top of their list of concerns. Tawnya Schultz and Lea Landaverde became money coaches after they experienced their own financial struggles. I was in debt off and on all of my twenties and early thirties and around when I was 34 is when I had about $28,000 in debt. Even someone who has a masters degree in finance has their own personal finance issues, right? I was still figuring out how to adult as well as how to be in this corporate world, make an income, which for sure led to overspending, you know, lifestyle creep. I was in this debt cycle of trying to get out of debt, paying off debt, getting back into it. And I was just tired of feeling like I could never get out of it or feeling like I was always going to have debt. More than 80% of Americans ages 18 to 43 said money is a significant source of stress for them. Certain individuals are struggling more when it comes to concerns about inflation and money. Between men and women, there were differences in the way they processed it. We had more women tell us that it was negatively affecting their mental health, yet men told us that it affects their mental health more often. I felt like I was at a low point because, for my age, and where I wanted to be, where I thought I should be in life, I felt like behind. I didn't have any savings. I was living paycheck to paycheck. In a lot of ways money is a safety net or a source of stability. And without it, people feel vulnerable and anxious about the future. Latino and black adults were more likely to say that money was a significant stressor more frequently than white and Asian respondents. Especially coming from my experience as a first gen. My parents didn't know how to navigate this financial system. That's why I even myself entered finance because I saw the stress my parents faced so then I could learn and help protect them, as well as protect the community and providing them education about finances that are transparent. Many Americans don't feel hopeful about their financial future, with 41% saying it's "going to take a miracle" to be ready for retirement. I think the problem in recent years has been that there has been this so called risk shift, whereas the risk of being responsible for things has been shifted from others onto the individual. What can you put on that list? The cost of obtaining a college education previously in the public realm borne by taxpayers. We know where that's been going. The burden of saving for retirement was often more heavily owned by employers when they provided pension benefits. That was shifted to individuals with the changes in 401(k)'s. Health care has become increasingly expensive. That's responsible for one fifth of the American economy. And consumers and employers bear that burden. Americans say they're feeling pressure to cut back on spending. More than 50% of adults say they've already cut back on dining out and will consider reducing their spending more if inflation continues to rise. More than 75% of adults said they're worried higher prices will force them to rethink their financial choices. Even higher income Americans making at least $100,000 per year say they either have or are considering cutting back on spending. People need to have a sense of hope. And so when the economy is working for them, there's a greater likelihood that people will have hope that they can accomplish their basic, personal financial objectives. Americans are making a connection between their financial stress and worsening mental health. Forty-two percent of U.S. adults say that money negatively impacts their mental health, with 28% saying they worry about their finances daily. Many Americans tell us that some of their sources of financial stress are as simple as looking at their bank accounts or making purchases or talking about money, thinking about money or your finances. It can feel unavoidable with the approaching summer and travel plans, holidays, gift buying. All these things are really stressful and can trigger concerns about finances. Sometimes dealing with stress can worsen someone's financial problems. An April 2020 Credit Karma survey found that 35% of respondents said that stress from the pandemic made them impulse buy. I was sad so I would shop and that led to me accumulating over $30,000 of credit card debt. And I had to figure out how the heck I was going to pay that off. Things are getting way more expensive and we want to experience things and we want to live. And so in order to provide some sort of happiness, I was getting serotonin through shopping. I started drinking more and I feel like eating more and spending more. So you start doing those coping mechanisms because you're stressed about money or stressed in life somehow. And so it was leading you down like a road that I didn't want to be on, but I didn't know – I felt stuck. I felt trapped. Mental health issues can have serious consequences for a person's overall well-being. There is clear evidence that mental illness affects your physical health. We typically see stress manifest in two ways. One are physical symptoms, so things like teeth, grinding headaches, stomach discomfort, muscle tension. The second is emotional responses. So that can look like anxiety and stress, difficulty sleeping, changes in your eating patterns. And so when those come together and they are unmanaged, that's where we see really negative physical and emotional consequences. Many people struggle with the shame of their financial difficulties, and it's often a burden that's carried alone in silence. And in turn, people go to great lengths to hide their financial difficulties, which further entrenches them in their isolation. And that isolation and burden can become so great that people facing these difficulties are more likely to experience suicidal thoughts and even make suicide attempts as a way to escape from their problems. While there are many forces at play that are outside of people's control, such as the rising cost of living, there are steps Americans can take on their own to help themselves feel more financially secure. Experts say the first step is examining your mindset around money. I was constantly looking for like, how can I find hope in this situation? Because you can have fear and scarcity, especially nowadays. It's so easy with the economy and inflation. We're bombarded by it every day. I'm like, There's not enough money. There's not enough money. So it keeps us in a scarcity mindset and that like fear Raised financial anxieties. Myself and I had all the resources to actually take action on my day or not even get into debt. But yet, because of my mental health and because of the environment I was in and because I didn't want to take ownership of my finances, I had to face the realness of my debt. There are experts, such as therapists or money coaches, who can help people deal with overwhelming feelings as well as make a financial plan. A money coach essentially is a partner in crime that you have someone by your side that helps you hold yourself accountable and provide you financial education at the same time with guided actual steps forward to reaching your financial goals. I think the biggest reason there is shame tied to finances because so much of our self-worth is tied to what we have in a tangible way. So people tend to relate their job or these external markers of success numbers in their bank account with their worth as a person, which is why it can be so difficult to deal with financial issues and especially seek out help for them. It's also important to monitor your physical health. What is happening to us mentally? It affects us physically. Also, if you're not treating your depression and anxiety well, you are probably not doing a great job managing blood pressure and diabetes and other chronic conditions. I was kind of go back to the basics, which is to make sure you're eating healthy, that you're getting enough sleep, that you're staying active and that you're staying socially connected. The concept in mental health recovery is that a first step is building hope. We need to see that there's a path to recovery and that things will get better. And they usually do. Invest in you. Ready, set, grow. CNBC and acorns.

  Top Comments:
  1. @david-v2u3t [1100 likes]: Even if your paycheck hasn’t gone down, inflation is still stealing from you in slow motion. Feels like we’re all running on a treadmill that’s picking up speed.
  2. @inelegantLady [1 likes]: I can't believe fed minimum wage is Still Only $7.25/hr.

🙃🤔 
https://youtu.be/VUb450Alpps?si=G5PMs02v4qHpt0gk
  3. @rajal6617 [1 likes]: Not only americans. People across globe are stressed about money
  4. @eduardopolack3247 [1 likes]: JOKE BRIBEIN HAS LEFT AMERICANS FROM LOW CLASS & MIDDLE CLASS WITHOUT SAVINGS !!!!.....TIME TO BRING TRUMP BACK IN 2024 !!!!!
  5. @davidmichaels4285: LOOK PEOPLE HAVE BEEN SET UP FOR FAILURE ECONOMICALLY CHOKING CREATING POVERTY FOR SENIOR CITIZENS DISABLED AMERICANS IN THE WORKING POOR I DON'T EARN $124,000 A YEAR LIKE PEOPLE IN CONGRESS I DON'T EARN $75,000 A YEAR LIKE THEY DO AT THE LOCAL DHS OFFICE I'M IN PROVERBS TO WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO NO WONDER WHY PEOPLE END UP ALL SCREWED UP WE'RE BEING SET UP FOR FAILURE WHERE PEOPLE TREAT OTHER PEOPLE JESUS THEY TREAT ANIMALS BETTER THAN THEY DO OTHER PEOPLE SOME PEOPLE DO WE NEED ALL THE GOOD GOD'S PRAYERS ANGELS AND WISDOM NOW 💯
  6. @djpuplex: Affecting women's mental health whats not on that list.
  7. @feartheunknown2017: Modern america is a shithole. Extremely futuristic yet hard to live in. Leave.
  8. @robzsn: Bidenomics as with other democrat economic policies has failed.
  9. @sarahchan5604: Actually the salary of americans are high but the inflation contributes to the stress
  10. @anthonyrebock5351: They want you in fear .. Hello... a population out of their mind in fear  is 4asily swayed and led like sheep to the slaughter. Who can't you critisize in america ...who own the congress the president and own the FED
  11. @lesimkien724: People stressed about money. I see so many people go to vacations, travel, go to restaurants, bar, drinking, do nails, color hair, fancy coffee...spent money like no tomorrow.
  12. @BEACHPEOPLE37: I won't make it to retirement
  13. @kingbeastofburden9231: Americans were duped and voted for Biden. 
You were told Trump was the enemy.
You chose the New World Order over the Republic. 
Now you’re paying the consequences
  14. @DerekPK: I’m struggling financially. 😢
  15. @JOESUBA122: 30g in CC Debt! SMH!  Like what was she thinking smh
  16. @ryang3564: Vote for Biden I'm sure it will get better.
  17. @davidwilks4123: We are doing great in the USA. Lowest unemployment in 50+ years, highest average income. People have the highest average savings and retirement accounts EVER.
  18. @elhar3761: Self deletion should NEVER be an option.
  19. @pgppe9488: If lack of money is negatively impacting your mental health then stop spending money you don’t have, and get on a budget.
  20. @saofelixdeminas: Life is not meant to depend on the flow of money !

- Why $15,000 Is Enough to Escape Financial Anxiety Forever: Kind: captions Language: en $15,000 has the power to disappear me from financial anxiety for good. Not literally vanish. I don't mean forging a new identity or fleeing the country. I mean something far quieter and far more powerful. I mean becoming invisible to the pressure that traps most people in lives they never chose. Most people will never accept this idea. Their thinking runs in the opposite direction. They believe freedom requires millions. They believe it depends on finding the perfect investment, landing a six-figure job, or uncovering a secret that wealthy people guard from everyone else. I believe that once, too. None of it is true. Real financial independence doesn't come from brilliance, luck, or insider knowledge. It comes from avoiding a handful of obvious mistakes. Mistakes so visible that the only people who miss them are the ones actively making them. When I say disappear, I'm talking about fading from the paycheck to paycheck dread that chains most people to jobs they tolerate at best and resent at worst. The anxiety that makes you open your banking app with a knot in your stomach. The mental math at the grocery store. The quiet fear that one bad month could undo everything. People who escape this life differently. They don't check balances compulsively. They don't panic when bills arrive. Their decisions come from preference, not necessity. And here's the part that surprised me most. Their advantage isn't intelligence. It isn't opportunity. It isn't even income. It's understanding a few principles that most people consciously ignore. One of the most successful investors in history summarized it in a single sentence. Spend less than you earn. Save consistently. Put the money somewhere sensible. Wait. That's it. No mention of stock picking. No obsession with salary. No genius required. Spend less than you make. Put it away. Give it time. The reason this advice feels unsatisfying is because it is simple. And the reason people reject it is because they want it to be complicated. We crave shortcuts. We want a hack that lets us skip the waiting. There isn't one. The gap between financial stress and financial freedom isn't knowledge. It's behavior. So instead of asking how to succeed, I asked a different question. What would guarantee that I fail? This approach is called inversion. Instead of asking what to do, you ask what to avoid. Because once you know what guarantees failure, simply refusing to do those things dramatically increases your odds of success. There's an old saying I love. All I want to know is where I'm going to die, so I'll never go there. So that's where I'm going now. I'm walking through the graveyard of financial independence. And I'm reading the tombstones. Tombstone one, consumer debt. Carrying credit card balances at 18, 20, or 24% interest is like trying to run a race with your shoes tied together. The math is brutal. At 20% interest, debt doubles roughly every three and a half years. That means $3,000 becomes $6,000, then $12,000, then suddenly you're buried. You cannot out earn this. You cannot outinvest it. You cannot outsmart it. The only solution is to never take it on or to eliminate it with the urgency you'd use to put out a house fire. Tombstone two lifestyle inflation. This one is quieter. A raise arrives. 3 months later, your expenses have risen to match it. A better apartment, a nicer car, slightly pricier restaurants, a few extra subscriptions you barely notice. By the end of the year, you're earning more than ever and saving nothing. I once heard an observation that stuck with me. Extremely large houses don't make people happier. They often make them less happy. A modest home serves you. A lavish one serves your ego and drains your future. One investor I admire lived in the same simple house for decades. No upgrades, no excess. When asked why, he said he didn't want to live a life that made him look royal. Character mattered more. Tombstone 3: The Three Destroyers. There's an old saying about financial ruin. Three things reliably destroy people who would otherwise succeed. The phrase used to be ladies, liquor, and leverage. Today, I'd translate it this way. Costly romantic entanglements that cloud judgment. Substance abuse that erodess decision-making. Excessive debt that magnifies every mistake. Any one of these can erase $15,000. Two can trap you for decades. All three together. and recovery may never come. Tombstone four, get rich quick thinking. There's an uncomfortable arithmetic lesson here. If someone offers me an investment that returns 30% per year and I give them $5,000. The math looks incredible. In 10 years, that becomes nearly $70,000. In 20 years, over a million. In 30 years, tens of millions. If this were real, if it were reliable and accessible, everyone would already be doing it. The math would be common knowledge by now. The returns promised by get-richqu schemes are carefully engineered, high enough to overwhelm skepticism, low enough to avoid sounding absurd. They are designed by people who understand my psychology better than I do, which leads to something deeply uncomfortable to admit. I am not a rational being who occasionally makes emotional decisions. I am an emotional being who occasionally makes rational decisions. My brain evolved to survive predators, not to manage long-term investments. The instincts that once kept my ancestors alive are now quietly dismantling financial futures. When researchers studied why people make terrible decisions, patterns emerged. Not one or two, dozens, but one factor dominated more than any other. Denial. Denial explains why people avoid checking their balances, why they refuse to calculate monthly spending, why unused subscriptions quietly drain accounts year after year. The truth hurts. So the brain pretends it doesn't exist. The cure is simple and brutal. Look at the number. Whatever number I've been avoiding, debt, savings rate, spending, I have to write it down. Reality can't be changed until it's faced. Another bias is even more dangerous. I automatically think and act the way people around me do. That's how bubbles form. People buy houses they can't afford because everyone else is doing it. They lease cars that cost more than their monthly savings because it feels normal. But here's the inversion question. If most people are financially stressed, what happens when I copy their behavior? The answer is obvious and rarely accepted. One investor put it perfectly. It's not greed that drives the world. It's envy. Another expanded on that idea by saying envy is the only sin that offers no pleasure at all, only pain. It makes no logical sense to want what someone else has simply because they have it. I learned to look at my last few major purchases and ask one question. Did I need this or did I want to keep up? The honest answer to that question is often the most valuable financial analysis I can perform. Loss aversion is another silent killer. Losing something hurts roughly twice as much as gaining the same thing feels good. That's why people cling to bad investments. Selling would mean admitting loss, so they hold on and pretend it isn't real. It's why people stay in miserable jobs. Leaving feels like losing even when staying is slowly destroying them. Then there's overconfidence. Most people believe they are above average with money, just like most drivers believe they're above average drivers. That's mathematically impossible, but psychologically universal. Believing I'm the exception is one of the most expensive beliefs I can hold. The market doesn't care how smart I feel. My brain also hates uncertainty. It craves closure so intensely that it will accept a bad answer over no answer. That's why people make impulsive financial decisions. Doing something feels better than doing nothing, even when nothing would be wiser. Learning to say, "I don't know yet," is a financial skill. The most dangerous situation is when these biases combine. They don't add. They multiply. Social proof, overconfidence, denial, envy, fear of uncertainty. Each one alone might cause a small error. Together, they cause disasters that feel completely rational to the person making them. This is how intelligent, well-intentioned people lose everything. Not through one massive mistake, but through many small ones compounding. And that brings me back to $15,000. Because $15,000 can change a life. Not through luck, not through speculation, but through simple mathematics that almost no one consistently applies. Here's the core insight I had to internalize. Saving $10 is not saving $10. It's saving the future value of $10. At a 7% real return, $10 becomes roughly $20 in 10 years, $40 in 20, and $80 in 30. That sounds trivial until scale enters the picture. Saving $500 a month at that rate becomes over half a million dollar in 30 years. $1,000 a month becomes well over a million. The $15,000 matters because it's not just $15,000. It's a head start. Years of work already done. The hardest part, the beginning, is already behind me. There's a sentence that sounds harsh, but ends up being strangely liberating. The first meaningful amount of money is brutally hard to build, and you must build it. For some people, that number is $100,000. For me, the real psychological shift happened much earlier. It happened at $15,000 because before that point, progress feels invisible. Every dollar saved seems to disappear into nothing. You're pushing a boulder that doesn't move. After that point, something changes. Not overnight, not dramatically, but measurably. Money begins to respond. Starting from zero and saving consistently is mathematically exhausting. At a modest return, it can take more than a decade to reach six figures. But the second phase moves faster and the third faster. Still, money starts earning money. Then that money earns more money. The snowball doesn't look impressive at first. That's why most people quit before it matters. Having $15,000 puts me years ahead of someone starting from nothing. More importantly, it moves me past the point where most people give up because they can't see progress yet. One of the most honest confessions I've ever read about building wealth went like this. I wasn't brave. I wasn't bold. I wasn't extraordinary. I was a cautious little squirrel, saving more nuts than I needed and rarely touching the pile. That line rewired how I thought about money. Everything I'd been told suggested wealth came from bold moves, clever risks, and fearless bets. But the truth was quieter. Be the squirrel. Save more than I think I need. Don't dig too deeply into what I've saved. Don't confuse activity with progress. The same person later reflected on his early career. For over a decade, his total income averaged about $20,000 per year. From that he bought a home, owned two cars, and accumulated a substantial investment portfolio. Most people would have spent that income without noticing. He didn't. Saving felt as natural to him as breathing. His advantage wasn't income. It was restraint. This isn't glamorous. No one makes viral videos about slowly accumulating money over years. There's nothing exciting about consistency. And yet, this is how freedom actually happens for people who weren't born rich. didn't win the lottery, which leads to a deeply uncomfortable truth about expectations. The first rule of a happy life is low expectations. If I expect to get rich quickly, I'll make desperate choices. If I expect the process to be slow and boring, I'll actually follow it. Financial freedom works the same way. Expect slowness, expect boredom, expect years where nothing seems to happen. That expectation is not pessimism. It's alignment with reality. There's a paradox I had to accept. The smarter I think I am, the more likely I am to overestimate my ability to outsmart the system. And that confidence pushes people into risks that erase their advantage. One of the wisest observations I've ever heard goes like this. It's remarkable how much long-term advantage people gain by trying to be consistently not stupid instead of trying to be very intelligent. Strong swimmers drown because they venture into waters that kill anyone, skill or not. Average swimmers survive because they stay where survival is possible. Finance works the same way. People who believe they're clever take speculative risks that destroy them. People who respect their limits stick to simple methods that quietly work. With $15,000, my goal isn't to be smart. My goal is to avoid being idiotic. That means not picking individual stocks I don't understand, not using leverage, not trying to time the market, not paying high fees, not reacting emotionally to short-term noise. It means putting money into diversified lowcost investments and leaving them alone for years. This is so boring most people can't tolerate it. And their inability to tolerate boredom is exactly why they never build wealth. Something I learned far later than I should have is this. Everyone giving financial advice is being paid by someone and that someone is usually not me. This single realization changed how I listen. Financial adviserss who earn commissions recommend products that pay commissions. Fund managers who charge a percentage of assets promote strategies that keep assets under management. Financial media survives on attention, so it amplifies fear and greed because those emotions drive clicks. None of these people are evil. They're behaving rationally in response to their incentives. The problem is that their incentives are rarely aligned with my outcomes. That's why the most important financial skill isn't analysis. It's skepticism. Before following advice, I ask one question, how is this person being paid? And then another, what would they recommend if they had no financial stake in my decision? That question alone filters out most bad advice. I once encountered a book that explained this better than any spreadsheet ever could. It wasn't about money. It was about influence. How decisions are shaped, nudged, engineered, often without us noticing. One investor valued that understanding so highly that he gave the author a gift worth more than most people earn in a year. Because understanding how I'm influenced saves far more money over a lifetime than any single investment ever could. Avoiding mistakes compounds just like returns do. This brings me to mental models, not complicated theories. Simple frameworks that prevent expensive errors. The first one is this. Every dollar I spend isn't just a dollar gone. It's the future value of that dollar gone forever. Buying something unnecessary for $200 isn't really spending $200. It's spending what that $200 would have become over the next 20 or 30 years depending on time. That's $400 or $800 or more. This doesn't mean never spending money. It means understanding the true trade. Another model comes from engineering. Bridges aren't built to barely hold the expected load. They're built to handle several times that load. That difference is called margin of safety. My finances need the same buffer. If I calculate that I need $25,000 to survive a job loss, I aim for $40,000. If a 4% withdrawal rate seems safe, I plan on 3%. This isn't pessimism. It's acknowledging that my estimates are wrong and life is unpredictable. Then there's the idea of the circle of competence. There are things I truly understand and things I don't. The boundary matters. If I don't understand cryptocurrency, I don't invest in it. If I don't understand options, I don't trade them. If I don't understand private equity, I stay away. The honest answer to do I really understand this is usually no. Staying inside that circle protects me from errors that no amount of intelligence can undo. Another model changed how I evaluate decisions. First order thinking asks, "What happens if I do this?" Second order thinking asks, "What happens after that happens?" A higherp paying job increases income. But what follows? More stress, more spending, less health, less time. Sometimes the second order consequences erase the first order gain. Most financial mistakes come from stopping too early in the chain of consequences. Wisdom comes from following the chain all the way to the end. Here's the part most people don't want to hear. The timeline for turning $15,000 into real financial independence is measured in decades, not months. That's where most people fail. Not because they choose the wrong path, but because they can't stay on the right one long enough. It's easy to become well off slowly. It's almost impossible to get rich quickly. The difference isn't intelligence, it's patience. There's a truth about money that sounds simple, but changes everything once it sinks in. Time is not just a factor in building wealth. Time is the advantage. At ordinary market returns, someone who invests consistently for 25 years ends up with dramatically more than someone who invests the same amount for 15, not a little more, often twice as much or more. Starting earlier with less beats starting later with more. Persisting when progress feels invisible beats perfect strategy. Patience isn't just a virtue in finance. It's the skill that separates the free from the trapped. I once read about someone who reached financial independence in his late 30s. No windfall, no genius investment. Just 13 years of steady saving and an understanding of compounding. The arithmetic was boring. The outcome wasn't. But money alone isn't the full story. Character has a direct financial cost. There was a commencement speech about how to guarantee a miserable life. The first instruction was simple. Be unreliable. If I don't do what I say, I'll do. Nothing else matters. Unreliability compounds negatively. Missed payments lead to fees and higher interest. Broken commitments erase income and references. Lost trust closes doors permanently. Reliability, on the other hand, compounds quietly. Each kept promise builds reputation. Each broken one erodess it. Over decades, the difference becomes enormous. The same speech listed four behaviors that guarantee misery. Be unreliable. Learn only from my own mistakes. quit after setbacks. Refuse to question my own beliefs. Three of those aren't skills. They're character traits. And character shapes financial outcomes more than intelligence ever will. There's another pattern I couldn't ignore. Every truly wise person I've encountered shared one habit. They read constantly, not to find stock tips, not to chase opportunities. They read to understand how the world actually works. Reading exposes me to mistakes I haven't made yet so I can avoid them. It builds mental models. It reveals patterns before they turn into problems. One investor joked that his kids thought he was a book with legs. That image stuck with me. So what do I actually do with $15,000? I don't try to be clever. I try to be durable. I avoid debt. I avoid leverage. I avoid complexity I don't understand. I put the money into diversified lowcost investments. I automate contributions. I don't check balances obsessively. I let boredom do the heavy lifting. I build a margin of safety. I keep my lifestyle simple. I protect my time. And most importantly, I stay consistent when nothing feels like it's happening. Because here's the quiet truth. It's not dramatic decisions that change a financial life. It's the refusal to make catastrophic ones. $15,000 isn't wealth. It's distance. distance from panic, distance from desperation, distance from needing to make bad choices under pressure. And that distance compounds slowly, quietly, relentlessly. That's how I disappear from financial worry. Not by being brilliant, by being patient.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rockybalboa1958: How you make video please help brother

- The Secret to Stopping Anxiety & Fear (That Actually Works) | The Mel Robbins Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en This is one of the biggest things I've been asked. I either have somebody that I love that's struggling with anxiety or I am suddenly very anxious. Where do I even start? Literally in a matter of a minute, we are sitting down with one of the world's leading anxiety experts from Harvard University. You've been taught since birth that something's wrong with you if you're anxious. You've been taught by your parents. You've been taught that by your teachers. You've been taught that by society. We're getting it wrong. Dr. Dr. David Ross Marin is about to flip everything that you and I know on its head about anxiety. Dr. David Ross Marin, I am so excited that you're here. I am even more excited. I would love for you to tell the person listening who has made the time to learn from you today what could change about their life or the person's life that they're going to share this with if they take everything to heart that you're about to share with us based on all of your experience and they use it in their life. There are two things. Okay. The most fundamental is to stop judging yourself for feeling anxious. To stop feeling anxious about the fact that you have anxiety in your life because everyone does. It's a normal human emotion. In fact, if you don't have anxiety, something's probably wrong. That's number one. And number two, once you accept that it's part of your life, you can use it as an ally instead of an enemy. That's a pretty tall promise, the ally versus an enemy. Because I think anybody who is struggling with anxiety or watching somebody struggle with it, it does seem like an enemy. It sure does. And that's why I was really curious because the title of your best-selling book is Thriving with Anxiety. Cuz when I hear Thriving with Anxiety, it almost presumes that I got to keep it. And I'm like, but doc, I don't I want to thrive without this stuff. Of course. What is possible when you say you can make it an ally or you can thrive? I would say it's almost as counterintuitive as let them. What do you mean? Well, I don't want to let them. I want to control them. I want to stop them. These annoying, irritating situations in my life. Once you accept that you can't, that actually becomes a resource for you to become more resilient, more connected to people who are worth connecting to, worth focusing more on things in your life that you can control. And anxiety is the same way. It's kind of like let them for your internal world. So meaning that because we don't understand what anxiety actually is and because we're afraid of it. Actually, it reminds me of a passage in your book that I want to read to you that I found so interesting. Okay. Anxiety is nothing to fear in and of itself. This is page 35 I'm reading from. My office has serviced over 10,000 patients. Correct. And we have never had a patient die from anxiety. No one has ever been hurt from their anxiety symptoms or quote gone crazy from the acute experience of anxiety. Even though I'll add that you often feel like you're going crazy. Sure. And you write, "Yes, people can develop behavioral problems in the context of anxiety, including alcohol or substance misuse, self-injury, and suicidal suicidal allity. The last thing you want is to flood your system with more adrenaline. So reacting with catastrophic or self-judgmental thoughts to the fear response only makes it worse. And so what I take from just that passage is that we kind of have anxiety all wrong. And because we do, we're making it worse. 100%. That's exactly what's happening. Our society is overmedicalizing, over pathologizing a normal human emotion. Now don't get me wrong, at a certain point it does become pathological. But we are conflating clinical pathological anxiety with normal anxiety that all healthy human beings experience. And in making all of that one big lump of craziness, we have become allergic to the normal side of anxiety and that's creating the anxiety epidemic today. Wow. So will you unpack that allergic part because you also write that write about that in your book that anxiety is almost like an allergy. So, you just said something that I think needs to be said even louder, which is there's a massive difference between the kind of chronic crushing anxiety that becomes a massive debilitating problem in somebody's life and the very normal anxiety that absolutely every human being is going to feel. And if you understand it, it doesn't have to get worse. It can be something that can actually be an ally that you're not afraid of. What do you mean when you said allergy, though? I did this for years myself. I would show up to work, have clammy hands, have a little bit of an upset stomach, my breathing would be a little bit labored cuz it's a stressful day. And I would say, David, what's wrong with you? Until it was really during the COVID pandemic that it hit me. I'm like, that's not true. Like, we're going through a hard time. We're going to feel somewhat anxious. In fact, if I didn't feel anxious, then something would be wrong. And then I realized we need to bifrocate between normal anxiety, which is actually potentially a very great resource to thrive in your life, and then clinical anxiety, which does need professional treatment, whether it's medication or psychotherapy or something more sophisticated and targeted. But we're we're getting it wrong and it's having disastrous consequences, especially for kids. How does being nervous or feeling on edge, how is that an example of thriving when you're facing something challenging? Well, it does depend what you do with it. If we take those nerves, those regular healthy anxiety, feelings, sensations, thoughts that are going through and we actually get to the bottom of it, we probe. We think about what's making us anxious. We can become more self-aware, right? Yeah. If we share it with someone else, we can broaden and deepen our connections with other people and become more intimately related to them. Yeah. And if we embrace it, well, we can actually build our emotional fortitude to be able to face adversity. And we can also even use it to let go. And I think that's the process that we have to start using with normal healthy aspects of anxiety as opposed to get rid of it. And our immediate knee-jerk reaction is get rid of these feelings. Something is wrong with me. I shouldn't be feeling this way. And immediately your adrenaline is going to spike because you're interpreting this the lower levels of anxiety as a problem. So that's literally going to create a physiological cascade and it it dumps more adrenaline into your system. It makes so much sense. And yet when you're in that spiral or that panic about your job or the interview or whether or not you're going to meet quota or if the person that you're seeing is falling out of love with you, you don't have access to that ability or at least not now. That's what you're going to teach us how to do to catch is this sadness or depression and I guess I would put it in that is this normal nerves or is this actually something to be worried about as a state. It's exactly the first question to ask. And it's something I've never done is stop myself in those moments where I'm starting to go up in my head and ruminate and panic and think about all the worst things that could happen, which only freaks me out more. And I've seen my kids do the same thing. And then I avoid the thing that I need to do, which only makes me feel more doubtful and affirm that I can't handle it. And so I could see how the first thing would be, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Is this a normal set of nerves based on what's going on and a sign that I'm actually mentally well or is this something way bigger? Correct. Could you just explain to the person listening how exactly you found yourself in this work and starting the Centers for anxiety? Like what led you here? Sure. Um, looking back in the last 20 years, I would probably, if I had to be honest, it's going to be my own anxiety. And this has very much been a personal journey for me. I was taught in graduate school, I was taught in my training to diagnose, treat, help people to get rid of their clinical anxiety. And those tools are still something that I use on a daily basis um in in a variety of different, you know, contexts in my in my work. But you know, it took going through the pandemic to actually click into this concept that not all forms of anxiety are problematic and bad and we can potentially even use those lower levels of anxiety in a constructive, positive, healthy way to help us to thrive and to grow in our lives. Well, I mean, I'll just admit right away, you know, having struggled with anxiety for almost 30 years, um, you know, I'll take full responsibility for the fact that I I was afraid of anxiety. I hated it. I ran from it. I tried to drink it away. I tried to outwork it. Yep. And none of it worked. And some of the medications worked to mute it. And they were life-saving ladders to help me climb out of a hole, but not understanding what you're talking about already. And so I want to take a giant highlighter and say there's a huge difference between low-level anxiety that is normal and the higher level debilitating anxiety that is the focus of your clinical practice. Correct. We're going to get to into the tools that you can use for yourself and you can also use with people in your life that are feeling anxious. But I should probably just back up and start with some of the basics. Sure. What is your definition of anxiety, Dr. Ross Marin? Okay. Um there are cognitive aspects, things that are going on in your mind. There are physiological or emotional aspects. And then there are behavioral aspects, usually avoidance, but maybe some checking. So let's go through them. The cognitive aspects, worry, apprehension, you're nervous, something's going to happen. Focusing on the negative thoughts spinning in your head. If I go to this event, somebody will judge me. People won't, you know, I will have a panic attack. I'm not going to feel good. I'm not going to be able to manage it. If I don't do well in this sales meeting, I'm going to get fired. Sure. Yeah. If if I if I don't wear the right thing on this date, they're not going to like me at best. Maybe even worse. Um never have another date again, right? This is my only opportunity. I'll be I see what you mean by best. The thoughts are way worse. I'm never going to find anyone. I'm going to always be the single for blah blah blah blah blah blah. Okay. Gotcha. Sure. Sure. Sure. Um and then there's the physiological. So that's something you know the sweaty palms, the upset stomach, the uh uh labored breathing and that's really uh adrenaline which is going through one system and it creates those cotton mouth um it creates these these symptoms that people have and the feeling associated with that forbodoning you know those kinds of emotions that that go along with it. That's the constellation. That's the constellation. Why does this happen? So why does this happen before a test? Why does this happen before a date? Why does this happen if you have a stressful day at work? Why does this happen if you have to see your in-laws and you don't particularly enjoy them? Sure. I'll I'll ask you. Um why do babies right when they're born let out this massive scream? Um is it because they're getting air in their lungs for the first time? Yeah. It's kind of new and scary and like they've been in this comfortable little bubble for however many months and they're in this all of a sudden this different environment and there's lights and there's people and there's breathing like you mentioned and there's a digestion change and heart changes and all sorts of stuff all at once and a healthy child will go ah and freak out and if they don't freak out what do we say? Uh oh. Exactly. You call in a neurologist. Those kids usually don't survive. So, what's happening in my body if I'm going into work on a stressful day and I feel anxious? Like, how is that the same as a baby crying? You're a healthy person. On a stressful day at work, if you're not having a little bit of, you know, uh your hands aren't a little bit clammy and you're not feeling a little bit jazzed up, like you don't recognize that there's a task for you to do, there's something important. You you might be disconnected from the meaning of your work. You might be disconnected from the the relationship you have with your peers. That doesn't sound like a good work colleague. Uh having a little bit of apprehension and anxiety and nervousness walking into those situations shows that you care. That's a beautiful reframe. It's true. And I think for those of us that are feeling it or we see this present in our children or our partner or a colleague, what is the thing you could say in that moment? Because I think it's those micro moments that we really screw up. Totally. And so what do you do in that moment? I love your specific example of parents and children. Little Jimmy or Jenny comes home, they feel a little bit anxious and the parent themselves is a little anxious themselves and they are freaked out about the fact that their kid is feeling anxious. So what do they do? Try to put out the fire. They try to calm them down. They try to say everything's going to be okay. They give them reassurance. say, "You don't have to go to school. Don't worry. You don't have to go to that event. We accommodate them." As opposed to, "Oh, you're feeling anxious. That sounds interesting. Tell me more." With no judgment. And just to explore it and actually create a more deep connection between parent and child. Ask questions. What is little Jimmy or Jenny afraid of? And why? Is it embarrassment? Are they afraid of messing up and being over overly responsible? Are they afraid of the physical sensations? Do they feel like a failure? Are they afraid of losing friends? Ask them lots of questions and without trying to change it. Don't try to change how they're thinking, how they're feeling, their behavior in any way. Just be there with them while they feel anxious. They just want you to connect with them. Turn it into a point of connection as opposed to a moment of education. We are missing this fundamental perspective on anxiety and it's having disastrous consequences for those micro moments. We judge others. We judge ourselves for feeling anxious and we go down the tubes in a hot second because of it. So even just stopping yourself uh from joining in and that's terrible and you got to calm down and I'm going to call the school and you don't need to do this. Definitely don't do that. You're just actually making it worse because why? Because you're conveying a message. I wouldn't even say it's subliminal or subconscious. It's direct. You are directly showing your child something is wrong here and they become afraid of their anxiety as a result. And then when you become afraid of your anxiety, what happens? Then you're done. What do you mean then you're done? Like now you now you just you just described 30 years of my life because I lived for 30 years of my life that being afraid of my anxiety. I started to fear that I would be anxious. So I was anxious all the time. Mhm. So, what's the mistake that the person who is listening right now might be making when they're dealing with their own anxiety in life? Misinterpreting it as a problem that or a weakness or a disease or that something is wrong with you as opposed to this is a normal human emotion and then once we accept that, what do I do with it? So, we're going to go into your four-step process that you use in your clinical practice. Can you just tell it to us at a top level? The four steps are as follows. Identify, share, embrace, and let go. And I'll explain each one. Identify means getting to the root. What are you truly afraid of? Instead of putting it out of your mind, instead of squaltching the symptoms, go there. Think about it. Get to what's actually bothering you. Two, share. Talk about it with someone else. Open up about it. Make it a point of connection as opposed to sitting in in a state of loneliness. Three, embrace your favorite. Do that which makes you feel anxious. When you're ready and at a at a rate that you're comfortable with, but that is the path for emotional resilience. And finally, let go. There are certain things we can't control. Anxiety is always surrounded around control. And at a certain point, we need to let go. To the extent that you can do that, you've completed the four steps. It seems so simple, which is probably why it works so well. Let's take a kid who has trouble doing a sleepover, which is a very normal thing. Oh, even bigger one. A kid who is anxious about throwing up. Happens every day. Well, and my son, even to this day at the age of 19, they will allow me to share this, is afraid of throwing up. Even though he has thrown up and knows that he can throw up, he still will get anxious about throwing up. And it was a huge thing when he was a kid. Yep. So, if he were here, I would want to know what's the focus of his apprehension. That's a very fancy way of saying what's at the root of his anxiety. Can we identify what is he really afraid of? When you vomit, it's unpleasant. Is it a taste? Is it embarrassing yourself? Is it uh some sort of uh just the gag reflex and you just don't like how it feels? But if so, I'd want to know what about it. Did he watch a video once and there's an association with that video? I I I would have a whole bunch of questions here to ask with no judgment simply to explore what about that situation is so upsetting for him. You know what I love about this? What is that so screwed this up because I'd be like, "You're not going to get sick. You're going to be fine. It'll happen. There's a nurse at school. Get on the bus." And what you're doing is you're actually slowing down that micro moment and you're going deeper and saying, "Well, what would happen? And what is it really?" And and when you get to that answer, let's just say it's that I just hate the taste and I hate the pressure on my face and I hate it that it's going to happen and you're not there or that somebody's going to see it. Hold on. That it's going to happen and you're not there is important. What about vomiting without mom is upsetting? I'd want to know that if that's what he would if that's I would probe based on what they say. I'm going to probe a little bit further and get like what about that specifically is going to be upsetting to you. You know, I heard our pediatrician share with me that the fear of throwing up is one of the biggest fears that kids have behind their parents dying. And when you hear kids talk about this in your in your practice, like what typically is underneath some of these very common things that cause kids anxiety, whether it's sleepovers or it's separation anxiety or it's throwing up. Yeah. I I'll tell you what I often think it is about the throwing up. There's an association cuz like the kid threw up at some point and one of the parents cleaned it up and it was not pleasant. Oh, so we shamed them. Well, there's there is a bit of a fear of that. I'm not saying you did. By the way, the therapist in me really wants to probe for your like sort of over responsibility for your kids's anxiety. I'm sort of dying to do that, but I don't want to turn this into a therapy session. So, we'll stay on topic. Um, with regards to whatever it is though, you want to probe and really get down to the sort of the root of it. And I think this is something we can do ourselves. Yes. Right. Do I feel I'm going to feel ashamed if I throw up? It's embarrassing. Someone else is going to have to clean it up. And if it's someone else's house and I'm doing a sleepover, it's like someone else's mom and dad. Like, gh, that's a valid fear. Yeah. And I also feel like, you know, I've heard this definition recently around anxiety. Um, that made so much sense to me and I'd love to hear your reaction. And then I want to get into more examples about the things that you're seeing in your practice with your patients to just normalize the types of not only fears and anxious feelings that people have but the way they rationalize this stuff in their head. Sure. And then hold themselves back because of it. And it's this that anxiety is really a moment of uncertainty in life. Yes. And you doubt your capacity to handle it. That's exactly correct. And because we then start worrying about how things are going to be. I'm going to throw up or work's going to be terrible or I'm going to get fired or this person's never going to love me or I'm never going to meet anybody again or if I park in a parking garage on the top floor then the car is going to roll off and fall to its face and I'm going to like that could happen, right? It could probably not, but it could happen, right? That yeah, those things could happen. It's the fact that you doubt your ability to handle it that gets you trapped in your mind going over all of the whatifs. Well, that's where the next two steps are. The Let's go to the second step. The Well, the second step is sharing. Okay. Sharing your emotions, the core of it with someone else can create connection with someone. Now, I I I wouldn't you have to share with purpose, right? And there's not everyone in all circumstances can you share with them. If you're sharing with a stressed out loved one who's coming back after a really, you know, nasty business trip or really they're going through a hard time themselves, they might not be able to hear it right now. But sharing it in a certain context and being clear, I need you to validate me. I just need you to hear me out. I'm feeling anxious. I want you to be here and present with me and then sharing it can create more intimacy and connection between parents and children, between certainly between loved ones, between friends. I've even seen it happen with strangers where people open up to each other like, "Hey, I feel that way, too." Like instant connection or on a plane. I a friend of ours flew in here, a colleague, and had horrendous turbulence. Which, by the way, if I'm taking what you're teaching us, Dr. Ross Marin, if you're anxious on a plane, that is like riding a bucking bronco. Yep. It's a sign that you're mentally well and that your body is working as it should. Yeah. What's wrong with you if you're not feeling anxious? Correct. And he said the woman next to him started hyperventilating. So he held her hand and told her, "I'm nervous, too, but we're going to be okay. And look at the attendants. They're chatting away. We're going to be okay." And so her sharing with him that she felt that way created a complete connection with the stranger. She will never forget him. That's true. Ever. That's true. What's the third step after you tell somebody? Once we share and we're connected to people, embrace the anxiety. This is where the hell do I do that? Face it. Do something that makes you anxious. I don't want to. I know. But you also don't want to go to the gym to build your physical muscles, but you do that. That's true. Why do we take Why doesn't every school in the United States of America have mental like a mental emotional agility resilience building by doing something that makes you feel a little bit uncomfortable? As long as it's safe and it's something that you want to do, do it. Well, so if you're gonna embrace your anxiety, and that's the answer, which I don't like to hear. I'm just going to say right out like cuz if I if I am a person, we all have this person in our life whose identity has become anxiety. Okay? And it is also the thing that they say to opt out. And I have been that person. And and so if embracing anxiety after you've identified what am I really scared of, you share it. Now we got to embrace the thing you're actually scared of that root thing. Right. Correct. How do you do that? Can you share examples? Sure. There's this brilliant approach called the 5-second rule. Oh no. Do not turn my work back on me. Am I wrong? That's what it is. I'm getting out of bed even though I feel like hell right now. I'm going to do this. I don't want to. You know, I've had people with a fear of snakes. Okay. Okay. I literally have a guy on speed dial who I can Should I bring them in? No, not right now. That's fine. You're not right. So, you have to So, you So, how do you coach somebody through this? Because you do have a section in your book where you on Let's see here. I I marked it actually. It's page 96, facing up to anxiety. Exposure therapy. Yeah. Chapter three. Is exposure share therapy the only answer? It's not the only answer. It's a very very good tool. And when you have clinical anxiety, it has to be part of the picture. If you're not going to face your anxiety eventually, it's very it's going to be hard to get over it. But I I think it's one step. I think we do have to identify it. We do have to share it. We do have to embrace it. And I think there's something beyond it. But let's focus on exposure therapy for now. Okay. So, you're afraid of flying. You're going to fly at some point. When you're ready, we're going to take By the way, are you more nervous about short halls or long hauls? Me? No, just let's make it up. Oh, got it. Probably smaller planes. Smaller planes. Great. Perfect. So, there's a an airline that goes out of Boston Logan called Cape Air. Okay. It's got like seven seats. Uh, I think it's eight. And one of them is actually in the cockpit and I've been in it. It's a Cessna plane. It's basically a minivan with wings. Dr. Russ, I would I would quit as your patient. Like, do you actually get people to do this? Sure. It's a lot of I should say I was going to say it's a lot of fun. Um, but not only is it fun for me, it's fun for them at a certain point cuz they are embracing their anxiety and saying, "I can do this. I'm not going to let it get in my way." What about shyness? Great. Harder to target. Tends to be longer term. Tends to be focused also comorbid with depression. people get a lot more depressed because if you're shy, you're disconnect more disconnected from others, more isolated, more alone, more sad. So often building that person up first is important clinically through um more identification and a lot more sharing, not just with a therapist, but also with other people in their world, sometimes posting on social media, whatever it is. But at a certain point, they're going to have to go to the party and not have a martini. Why no martini? Because the martini is an anxolytic. That's a big word. Was that a big word for saying it reduces your anxiety temporarily, but then you wake up in the morning with a massive hangover and anxiety is the big symptom and then you're ruminating about all the stuff that you said that you shouldn't have said cuz you're a little bit tipsy. What about for OCD? Like somebody who's like worried about like cleanliness and germs. Great. Um, so let's just say these hands have been in many places that I will not tell you about today. Not today. Not today. Don't worry. And I do wash my hands before I eat. But before washing my hands and before eating, you'd be surprised where these go because but part of being an anxiety therapist means you have to do everything that your patients do also. So what do you do with those like really dirty grimy hands? Okay. So, I'm thinking of a specific patient who came in who was terrified of germs, and for many years had been avoiding all sorts of situations, um really wouldn't open car doors, certainly wouldn't ride the subway, um and uh was at one point putting gloves on their hands, lots of Purell, lots of excessive washing, had actually had very significant chafing, even needed some medical treatments in order to be able to deal with, you know, abrasions on their hands from all the washing. And really we started with touching things that would make them feel uncomfortable. Started with things in the office. It could have been as simple as this desk surface. It could have been things that you know um in the bathroom would be next. um and eventually moving towards the inside of a toilet bowl or things that are way over the top that you wouldn't normally do in order for them to develop the resilience to stand up to their anxiety head on the toilet. So, how does somebody get through the uncomfortable feelings that they have while they're doing this exposure therapy with you? The first step is always the same, which is, do you want to do this? Once somebody wants to face their anxiety and build their resilience by deliberately putting themselves in an anxietyprovoking situation, like once you catch the bug, like once you want to do it, there's nothing that'll stop you. What if when they first start doing it, they feel so uncomfortable or the anxiety just spikes and they're like, I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't I can't get on that plane. I can't put my hands on the toilet. I can't put my hands on the table. What do you do? So, we prep people beforehand. They will think, you will think, I can't do this. I'm not going to be able to handle this. My anxiety is going to spike. I'm going to get sick. All of those thoughts are going to be rocketing through your head because that's what facing anxiety entails. That's part of the process. And that is exactly why it's an opportunity to build emotional resilience. How many times, Dr. Ross Marin does it take for somebody to start feeling less anxious when they start forcing themselves to do this thing, you know, expose themselves to the thing that they're terrified to do. Often we see a significant drop in anxiety even after once or twice from doing it. But sometimes it does require many, many more repetitions. In in some ways it depends on how long we've been avoiding situations. If people have been avoiding um germs and uh microbes and all sorts of things for for for decades, it it might take a while for them to get through it. Um but it's kind of like a mortgage. Like eventually you pay it off. What about a a parent who has a child who is starting to develop a pattern Yes. of not wanting to either go to school or participate in sports or who won't do sleepovers. And it's with a family that's safe. It's not some creepy family you don't know and they don't want to do it because they don't want to be there. Fair enough. What about then? We can't when we push kids to do things that they don't want to do. It there's a balance and helping scaffold kids that they want to do it. Selling them on it, so to speak. Onboarding. We talk about onboarding kids, onboarding teens. Once somebody recognizes this will help build my resilience. This will help make me a stronger emotional person, then they're like, "Okay, I'm in." And at a certain point with planes, you might be there, too. Like, you know what? I want to do this. I don't want this to get in my way in any way. I want to be more fearless in my life. I want to, just like you want to learn how to, you know, pump iron or be able to run a marathon or run at a certain time period or time time pace or whatever it is. We all have our fitness goals and I think we should also have our emotional goals, but we don't have that. Well, one of the things that I love that you said at the very beginning of our conversation when you made this lifealtering distinction. Thank you. Now, for real, sadness is a normal emotion that you're going to feel and you know it comes and it goes. Yep. Depression is a clinical condition that interferes with your life that demands and deserves treatment. Correct. Anxiety in terms of kind of chronic anxiety or this fear that you have of things that keeps you from living your full life is very different than being nervous or on edge because the stakes are high or something's uncertain or you really care about doing well like you know I would imagine there's a tremendous amount of anxiety that you would feel before you take the LSAT or before you are turning in a college application or going on a first date, going on a first date. And that's again in this range of nervousness and just uncertainty, which is a part of life. And what you taught us is in those moments, we literally do the wrong thing. Correct. We either go, "Uh-oh, this is a sign something's about to go wrong, and it's not. It's just a sign that you're about to do something where you doubt your ability for a bit." And then as the bystander, the friend, the boyfriend, the girlfriend, the husband, the wife, the parent, the grandparent, we literally are either like, "Oh, you're gonna be fine." So, we don't acknowledge it, right? Or we join in with the anxiety. Oh my god, something's wrong. Yes. Oh, you don't have to go to the sleepover. Oh, you don't have to try out for that team. Oh, you know, you can take the test again if you screw it up. And I can see how powerful it is to catch these moments and reaffirm. Oh, really? That that makes sense that you'd be nervous. Tell me what why exactly are you nervous about this test that's coming up or I can see why you'd be nervous. Like tell me more about this date you're going on. What does that do for a person in the moment? It takes so much of the edge off as opposed to giving me more of a reason to be anxious about my anxiety. Mhm. It normalizes and makes it so much more manageable. It's just a different that different framework. It's kind of like having glasses that are like a different color. It just changes the whole view of everything around you. And by the way, it's not just the parents and the teachers. It actually comes from the medical profession. Something crazy happened last summer. Something very unfortunate. What happened? Well, there was a fedally funded panel of physicians in the United States who came up with I think it was in in some ways I think it was well intended and I think was a good idea to screen all patients at their annual PCP visits, primary care physician visits for anxiety. Now, I have no problems with screening people for anxiety, but the way it's done, well, the recommendation was to use the GAD 2, which is a two item measure. It asks, "How much anxiety have you had in the last two weeks and how much worry have you had in the last two weeks?" Well, who isn't going to answer a lot? Well, the the the cutoff who's going who's who's not going to say who's going to say zero to any of those questions, right? The cut off was set at zero, which means any modeicum of anxiety or stress over the last two weeks is actually enough to flag a person today in their PCP office for clinical anxiety and treatment. What? Well, I mean, and is that why we've seen all these reports that anxiety from a clinical standpoint is on the rise? Or are you saying that this is more that doctors are now overindexing normal, healthy human emotion into a clinical anxiety setting? It's the latter, but it's actually both. We are definitely overdiagnosing lower levels of human stress and anxiety as a pathology as opposed to something normal. I agree with you. Who have you met in the last two weeks who has had no anxiety and no worry? Honestly, no one. And I think it's written about so much. And that's not to downplay the very real rise in like sadness and worry and stress that kids feel and teenagers feel and people in their 20s feel. Um, but I do think we don't have the language, which was why I was so excited about your work because for somebody who had anxiety that did not get addressed this way. I was afraid of it. So, I drank myself into the ground. I tried to work myself through it. The second I got chronic anxiety where I would wake up panicking, I then get medicated and I never address the underlying issues. And the medication was life-saving, but it also, I think, kept me trapped in this place where I was afraid to go off it. Yeah. And it could have been at a certain point you shouldn't have gone off of it. You should have stayed on it. And you needed it in order. And there are plenty of times like, you know, I I'm I'm assuming is all anxiety the same? No. I'll tell you the way I think about it. Anxiety occurs on a scale of 0 to 10. But really, there's no zeros because no one has zero anxiety. There's no 10 because that would be literally catastrophic. So, we're left with 1 to nine. Okay. 1 2 3 is low. 4 5 6 is medium. 7 8 9 is high. If you're into seven or eight and a nine, you probably need something professional to take it down to a mid-range. And how would you as a as a doctor and an anxiety physician therapist, how do how would you actually categorize a 78 or a nine? If it's getting in the way of your at that level, it's going to be getting in the way of your life. If you're It's disrupting your sleep. You're avoiding doing what you need to do. Yeah. If you can't sleep because of your anxiety, that's a dysfunctional issue. That's something that has to be addressed. And now let's go with the kind of four, five, six. Four, five, six. So that now depends. Some people can function actually reasonably well at a four, five, and a six. Six maybe less likely, but a four and a five for sure. What would you be hearing typically from someone in your practice if they were saying, "I'd say my worry and anxiety is about a four, five, or six." Depends on what's going on. Are they um you know an emergency room doctor? Are they you know going through med school? Are they going through a breakup? Are they starting a new they have a new baby? You know then okay like people have periods of time where they might ramp up and that actually might enhance their performance. It might enhance their connection. The important thing there that I want to make sure that the person listening understands is that what you just identified first of all it's the step one that you taught us of identify what's the root cause. And there's a huge difference in those moments in your life where something is causing you to be on edge and you to be nervous and you to be worried and doubting yourself or scared about what's going to happen because that to me sounds like there's a situation. You know, I mentioned at the beginning of um this episode that literally two hours before you walked in the studio, I got a text from a very close friend of mine who said, "My daughter is unable to sleep, has crushing anxiety, and then added that there is this massive medical test that she needs to take for med school, which to me said, "Oh, well, there's this thing happening that is high stakes that explains it. But because my friend has never dealt with this with any of her kids and because it's really scary when you see somebody who's normally seems like they have it pulled together truly start to spiral, you don't know what to do. And what I said to her is, well, I'm going to tell you something. First of all, it seems appropriate that she's nervous because she has high stakes. But I've got the world's leading expert walking in here and this is the name of his book and you should go buy it right now because I know I screw it up every time I see somebody even when I know it's situational cuz I get anxious for them. And so I think it's important to understand that even in your practice and this is something you can do for yourself and you can do for somebody you care about. You identified okay one to nine how much is this interfering and no matter what they say in terms of the ranking you can also say what's going on in your life 100%. And what's the difference between something that is situational versus something that becomes way more chronic. Well, you know that is important. The situational aspect is very important. But how you are sort of engaging in your anxiety, like I said, the four, five, and six, are you using are you able to use that level of anxiety in a constructive positive way? Well, if I'm sitting there with you, probably not. Like if I you know what I mean? If I'm going to a doctor and I'm like, doc, I I I like I'm feeling very anxious, four, five, six, like I'm not sleeping very well. I don't feel like anybody that even would say a four, five or six feels like they're they're thriving or able to kind of use it. I don't know. I think a lot of people might be like, "Hey, I'm building I'm I'm an entrepreneur. They're starting a new business. They're having a battle of a time. They're feeling stressed out, might have gained a couple pounds, and they know that they're at a four, five, and a six, but they're like, "But I'm going to get through this." I can I can think of periods in my life like that. Sure. So what is a one, two, or a three when a when somebody that you're treating says that? So that often we see that as the goal. I'm not sure I do. I I think that if firstly with medication, clinicians often overpromise and they say, "I'm going to get your anxiety down to a one and it's going to stay there." I'm not sure that's even helpful. I love what you just said. What you just said is the goal is not to get to zero. Correct. Well, that if we take as truth, which it is, that feeling on edge and nervous and doubting yourself normal human emotions, the anxiety becomes a real problem from a clinical standpoint when it's interfering with your life and it is robbing you of the possibilities and the full potential that you have because you're now held hostage by the anxiety and you're scared of it. Well put. If the goal is that we can do simple things to identify what's making you anxious, to remind you that you have the capacity to face this, to have you share and connect with other people, and to take small steps and go, the goal isn't to go to zero. The goal is just let's just get this to a three. And there's some simple things I can do. You know, before we go into how do you actually go from the higher end down to the one to threes here, I do want to stay on this topic, even though it's very self- serving because I feel like I screwed this up and it's the sleepover topic. You're a parent, you have a child. They are opting out and you're very worried. It's getting into the four, fives, and six. You're not with them eight hours a day, so you're not a part of what's happening at school. What do I do in those moments? When I have a child that's really anxious, do I force them to go to the sleepover? Do I What do I do? Validate. Validate. Validate. There's a reason why they don't want to go to the sleepover. And even if it doesn't make sense to you, it makes sense to their anxiety. You have to delve into that anxiety with them and allow them to explore it. The more you say, "Oh, there's no reason to be upset." The more they're just going to think that their anxiety is a problem and not even they might not even be conscious of what they're afraid of. But if you just ask them like, "Well, why don't you want to go to a sleepover?" Not judging, just asking what if I wake up and I'm scared. Yeah, that would be upsetting. What would happen if you were to wake up and then I'd have to wake up Mrs. Soandso and they'd have to come get you and it'd be really embarrassing. Oh, I understand then why you wouldn't want to have a sleepover. I just like my bed. I'd rather be in my bed. Yeah. Well, that's the comfort thing. You, by the way, that the kid just changed the topic. Now we're talking about comfort as opposed to anxiety. So, I would probably double back and say like, well, what about that Mrs. So and so would have to, you know, drop call you up and you'd have to pick me up and it'd be a whole thing. What about it? Would people be talking about it the next day? Would it be a social thing? would be are you more embarrassed about the parents thinking about you, about your friend? Would you feel worse about yourself? And just explore it. There's so much there because now I'm starting to think like gosh, they probably also feel self-conscious like they can't do something that their friends can do and that makes them seem like more and then you might find out that their friends actually aren't that nice. Like I can see how there's a lot there and it's so individual to that person. Wow. But when we unpack it, we actually learn who the kid is. If you snuff out the anxiety, you'll never know what's really going on. Is there a difference between the way that women and men or boys and girls tend to exhibit symptoms of anxiety? So, great question. Women have about twice as much clinical anxiety as men. Why? they are tend to be a lot harder on themselves and judge themselves for being anxious and don't really allow themselves to experience those feelings. If a guy is feeling anxious like well something's wrong and like there must be a reason. Yeah. No, you know, women are more like something's wrong with me. It's so true. Well, you know, there's interesting research feedback. It does. There's interesting research about like if a if a guy loses a job when he gets his next next job there's no difference in the salary he makes. When a woman loses her job she turns it back on her becomes anxious and starts doubting herself in her capability of handling this and tends to take literally a 25% salary cut. And so this has very very real implications. Are there topics that you find that boys and men are more anxious about than women? Um, no. I think men will often snuff out the anxiety a little bit more and be a little more disconnected from it. Like we see higher incidences of substance and alcohol abuse. Um, and that's usually, you know, often happens when people are feeling anxious and don't want to talk about it, don't want to think about it. How do you turn anxiety though into an ally instead of an enemy? Great. So, when you're afraid of it? Oh, it is terrifying. But there in lies the opportunity. That's what creates the opportunity for self-discovery. The reason you're freaking out about it is because it matters. So identify what's at the root of it. Share it with someone else. Embrace it when you're ready. And then the next step is letting go, which is the hardest one. But that's that's where that's where it's all what's really all about. You know, I was a little skeptical when we first started talking, but I really love your approach to this. Well, let me say it this way. I think all human beings would benefit from acknowledging the limits of what we can control and leaning into that and letting go. There's a difference between losing control where it's taken away from us involuntarily versus giving up control like you do on a roller coaster. True. that latter experience when we don't have control over a situation. So if we're like, "Okay, it ain't my wheel, right?" Then the anxiety can actually be an uplifting, exhilarating experience where we lean into the fact that we aren't in control and that's okay. And so you are letting go of the need for proof and just choosing to believe. Correct. Correct. And what I think you're believing, especially in those moments of anxiety, is that you're going to be okay and that you have the capability and the capacity to handle this and to face whatever comes, even though it's overwhelming and beyond you. Yes. That somehow something in your humanity will be able to rise to the challenge. Who knows how, who knows when, who knows where. Methods are unclear. the path is opaque, but I'm gonna continue to trot along trot along it with some sort of level of I mean at at its deepest level it's trusting in life. And you know actually it reminds me of something that you wrote in your book that I absolutely loved which is when anxiety strikes we tend to get annoyed. Why doesn't the anxiety beast get out of our way? We look for distractions or a way out of the quandry. Is there a drink I can have or a recreational drug I can take to make it all go away, at least for the moment? Can I busy myself with work or by obsessively reading and posting on social media? These strategies tend to just make anxiety worse. However, if we can harness the power of anxiety, we can thrive in ways we never thought were possible. We should not sidestep anxiety or back up and deny that it is there, but rather stop and evaluate the situation. What is our anxiety trying to tell us? The answer is that we need to dig deep down into ourselves, although doing so makes us uncomfortable. We need to experience anxiety in order to transcend it. And although it may not seem to be the case at first glance, what lies inside, what our anxiety is pointing us toward is a set of precious gifts. In this case, the gold isn't material wealth, but a deepened sense of connection with ourselves, with others, and with our spirituality. Ironically, and paradoxically, we can thrive with anxiety. You're right. Thanks. You know, if I think about what most 20somes have faced, whether it's a pandemic that rocked their college or high school years, a hybrid workforce, a world full of headlines that feels outrageous, social media and being on phones all day long, yes, a sense of horizonlessness where I don't really know what I'm going to do with my life. I mean, our 20s were confusing when you and I were 20, and that was not in the middle of this soup. So, there's a part of me it's like, well, of course you feel that way, but what do you do for the kind of anxiety that people feel about things like climate change or am I ever going to figure out what I'm here to do on Earth? Will I ever meet my partner in life? Adversity is potentially a very good thing. And the feelings you are having, that nervousness doesn't mean you won't be successful. that means that you are actually facing a life circumstance. Don't judge yourself for feeling anxious about the fact that you might not be able to pay for something. That's okay. And now what are we going to do with those feelings and with the circumstances that we have? Got it? So, let me see if I can unpack this. So if you are feeling anxious that you're never going to make enough money to be able to provide yourself or your family with the things that you want, first of all, you got to identify what's the core there. And you know, if we kind of bring in some of the things we've talked about, it's not true that you won't. You're just doubting your ability and capacity to do it in a challenging economic environment where you live. Correct. And so being nervous and on edge is actually an appropriate response because this is going to be some work. It it is going to be work, but that doesn't mean right that you can't do it. And it doesn't mean something's wrong with you for feeling stressed or feeling anxious or feeling uncomfortable. It means that you are actually starting to grow up and face the reality. What if you read the headlines about the melting polar ice cap and you look at the fact that there's this once in 200year storm that happened in Florida, you know, a while ago and you're worried about climate change and that there won't be a planet here for future generations and that starts to cause you a lot of anxiety, right? Or California wildfires. Yeah, California wildfires. Like how what do you do? How do you use this method with that? This is where the let go comes in. There is only so much that human beings can control in this world. I don't want that answer. Uh, you know, you're the one who says it with le. I know, but I don't but I'm I'm playing the role of somebody who is in an anxious state and who, you know, cuz when you're you're kind of cynical when you're anxious cuz you felt this way and you're like, doc, you don't have any idea. I know you've treated tens of thousand people and you've got a degree and you're an expert in this and you've studied it, but you don't know what it's like. Like, I I just can't get out of my head. faced my own anxiety like you wouldn't believe and letting go. The truth is coming from a spiritual and religious tradition like I think I have an advantage here because this is the kind of message that I've been you know brought up with and that I you know attend sermons about and human beings are not the architects of all of world events. That's just not the way it goes. We're not in charge of the weather. We're not in charge of certain things, but we're in charge of a lot. And by refocusing on that which is within our purview and is within our control that's using anxiety in a constructive positive way because that will motivate me to get up in the morning do what I got to do push ahead face that adversity have a dream and move towards it as opposed to trying to grasp control over stuff that I don't. I mean, it makes a lot of sense. And you know, you're you're the expert, and I'm sure you'll tell us. Anytime you focus on or grip or worry about things that you can't control, you just create more anxiety for yourself. I mean, I don't think you need to be an expert to to know that one. So, you have so many tools in your book, Thriving with Anxiety. What are some tools that the person who's listening can put to work like right now so that anxiety enriches their relationship with themsel? because that's a that's a really beautiful thing that is possible to you that this could actually create a deeper connection that you have with yourself for sure. Uh I mean off the cuff, you know, when you feel anxious, don't squaltch it. Don't get rid of the symptoms. Don't try to avoid it in your mind. Actually take the time to do a mental inventory. Okay, that could start with a brain dump as my wife likes to call it. just dump all the thoughts out, you know, unravel the yarn, you know, un, you know, take take whatever's in your pockets and put it on the table and then just let it sit there. That could take 10, 15 minutes. Okay? So, everything in your brain on a piece of paper, just everything that's in there. Yep. And then what? And then pick out the anxiety saplings. Okay. What does that mean? There's going to be one or two trees, so to speak, that are at, you know, that have roots and they really go down. to a certain level, sometimes really deep. Identify them from the from the other stuff. Often people come in and they ask them, "What are you anxious about?" And right 30 minutes later, it's like, "Okay, I think there are two or three main themes here." Okay. You know, you could even put it into chat GPT and say like, "What are my two main themes?" You mean like do your brain dump in chat GTP and then go tell me what the two biggest things that I'm anxious about? What are the two? It's a language processor, right? So, you can theoretically just do that. Okay. You're going to put yourself out of a job. Okay. Keep going. No. Never. Cuz we all need you. I don't think so. Once you've done that, you've picked out kind of the two big themes. Yeah. What do you do? Dig. Identify. Dig deep. Well, no. We're not even there. Oh my god. We're just identifying. Okay. We're just identifying. Just go dig. What What's at the root of it? What are you really afraid will happen if your car was parked on the seventh thing and it starts to roll? Whatever it is, you know, your exam, what's the like top five things that when you do that exercise with your patients come up over and over and over and over? It's usually one thing. What is it? Being alone. People are afraid of being alone, being abandoned. Wow. I know when I've hit that when I'm asking a patient live firstly when they start to tear up and I can feel the emotion in the moment then I know I'm getting something and often when they hit the alone elevator like when we hit that floor on the elevator then then we're getting somewhere. Well, it makes sense. You know, there's a a doctor who's had a big impact on me, Dr. Russell Kennedy, who talks about how he believes that all anxiety is separation anxiety. very similar and it's separation from self mostly and your faith in yourself and your belief in yourself and from a spiritual standpoint if you're a very spiritual person you also separate from the source of your belief and power because you go up in your head and so what's interesting about that is is I think you're right if I tick through everything that I've ever been anxious about or my kids have ever struggled with it does come down to I'm going to be alone. That's it. That's the core usually. It's true. So, how do you let that fear go? You don't. You embrace it and use it to connect other people. Find ways to build your resilience with it. And then with regards to letting go, I think that's letting go of control that you can actually control it. Okay? But you don't you don't let go of that fear. It's going to be there and that's okay. So let's say the person listening, you know, is it just he's or she is at a seven, eight or nine on the t scale. What is the good news that you tell that person when they walk in and begin their practice with you? Yeah. Well, first again, if they're at a seven, eight or nine, that's probably interfering with their lives in a clinical way, in which case you're probably looking at a professional process. Mhm. Now, this whether it's the book or whether it's, you know, a workshop or whatever it is, people could probably benefit from that as well, but I wouldn't want someone who's coming in with a seven, eight or nine where it's actually clinical, it's interfering with their lives to just use a self-help approach. I'd probably want them to get some sort of therapy and or meds. What would you say to the person who's listening that they've been hanging on every word? they've been either thinking about their own anxiety or somebody that they care about who's really, you know, struggling with it, but there's that little bit of skepticism, you know, you know, that the urge to just kind of react like, well, I'm never like I this isn't I don't know this is going to work for me, which is also more of your anxiety, right? Yeah. Cuz now you're up in your head debating and having a negative thought about the thing the very thing that could save you. Yeah. So, what would you say to that person that just feels sort of discouraged or skeptical? I don't blame you. You've been taught since birth that something's wrong with you if you're anxious. You've been taught by your parents. You've been taught that by your teachers. You've been taught that by society. You've seen, you know, medic you've seen medication advert advertisements on television, you know, for years and years and years. You were that message was pounded into you that something is clinically uh emotionally maybe even morally wrong with you if you this is a failing of your life if you feel anxious. So yeah, I don't blame you for, you know, having heard this for the first time for, you know, barely an hour that it's not penetrating. Yeah, I don't blame you one bit. Wow. I mean, you just did exactly what you told us to do. Huh? You validated. Oh, I guess so. You did just popped out of me. Um, how has everything that you just shared with us helped you with your anxiety? Oh my god, so many ways. You know, I didn't always talk about it. When I got my job at at Harvard Medical School, it's not the kind of thing that you speak about, right? Like you're a professor and you stand up and you have your slides and you have your, you know, uh, you have your figures and your facts and your data and you don't have your personal experience like no that would be like beneath you know the dignity of someone within the academy. And then like I said over over CO it really changed for me because aside from the fact that I was just dealing with my own anxiety, I actually saw in my data that the patients who were coming to our programs who had clinical anxiety and got treatment before March 2020 did better throughout the rest of the pandemic. They did not have an increase a substantial increase in in anxiety. And then I was like, hold on, I'm going about this wrong. I'm treating all anxiety like it's clinical. That's not true. David, you have anxiety, too. Embrace it. I started to talk to my wife about it. Have some real conversations about my fear of failure. She's like, "I known this about you forever. You just been hiding it together and you're annoying and you take it out on the rest of us." She did something like, well, she actually didn't say that. She didn't even say, "I told you so." She didn't have to. What did she say? Yeah, she did say, "I know." But she held me through it and it made us closer. It created more emotional depth than our connection. You know what's interesting about your approach is that so many people that talk about anxiety and I know I'm certainly in this camp because I've always focused on all right let's get rid of this. All right, let's organize our entire lives so we don't feel this thing. So let's you know make sure we wake up and we do this and all those things are very important because I certainly have identified the conditions or triggers or situations that can make me feel nervous on edge or anxious in an unnecessary way like too much drinking which then makes you wake up with anxiety and why would you do that to yourself or looking at your phone first thing which of course spikes your feelings of inferiority and puts you up in your head. So, why would you do that thing? And so, you know, I I I think though in listening to you, there's a huge shift in the way that you've made me think about this because you basically are saying to all of this, and you're probably going to be like, "Yeah, you're right, dummy. That's exactly what I said at the very beginning." But I think you need to hear it over and over to really get what you're saying. And I finally do, which is look, zero to nine. Just like you're always going to have sadness in your life, but it doesn't always turn into depression. You're always going to have on edgginess and nervousness and uncertainty and doubt, which is the lowrade anxiety or on the point scale it's 1 to three and opening your arms to it rather than bracing for battle, knowing that it's coming and knowing that in those moments when it rises up in you or somebody else, instead of invalidating it, just go, "Oh, interesting. I'm nervous." I love what you said about bracing for battle. That's exactly what we do. Yeah. We think of it as the enemy right away and it's not. In fact, it's going to be there. And so, learning to and I'm one of the big takeaways that I have from our conversation is I'm not going to call it anxiety. What are you going to call it? What's the language? Whatever it is, I'm going to I'm going to call it nerves or excitement or I'm going to call it uh I'm feeling uh a little unsettled or feeling a little uncertain or I'm a little worried that you know I'm not going to do well on this test or um I'm a little upset about something. Like a save your anxiety. Yeah. Like I'm getting like I notice I'm I'm like getting ready to do something or I notice I really care about this. Like there's different ways. I notice I'm a little worried about going to the sleep. That sounds very different than I'm very anxious about which to your original point. Not having calling something that's vastly different the exact same thing. That's one thing that I know I'm going to do in my life and with people that I care about. And I'm also going to point out well the thing that you're actually worried about. It would make sense that you feel that way. Let's talk more about it. Yeah. Life-changing. Thanks. Lifechanging. Uh Dr. Ross Maron, what are your parting words? Don't judge yourself for feeling anxious. Use it. It's a human emotion. Like any other human emotion, it can be used constructively in your life. Wow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I also want to thank you. Thank you for taking the time to listen to something that there's no doubt in my mind it's going to change your life. Because when you can flip the way that you think about anxiety on its head, it no longer controls you. And for far too long, I allowed anxiety to control me. I made it worse in my kids because I didn't have this four-part framework that you just learned today. And don't you deserve to have a life where you're not held hostage by your anxiety? Of course you do. And so do the people that you love. And so I just want to thank you for taking the time. And I also want to be sure to tell you in case nobody else does today that I love you and I believe in you and I believe in your ability to create a better life. And there's no doubt that listening to this and then taking the time to share it with somebody that you care about, it's not only going to make your life better, it's going to make their life better, too. All righty. I'll be waiting for you in the very next episode. I'll be there to welcome you in the moment you play. I'll see you there. And for you on YouTube, thanks for hanging with me the entire time. I loved this conversation and it really changed the way that I think about anxiety. I hope you had the same epiphies. I hope you're feeling encouraged. I hope you're feeling less anxious like you're down on the kind of one, two, or three end. And I hope you're also generous with this because there's no doubt that giving someone the gift of spending time learning from Dr. Ross Marin that has the potential to change the rest of someone's life. I mean, how amazing would it be if simply by sharing this, you help somebody free themselves from the trap and the prison that anxiety can be? That's the power that you have. And one more thing before I recommend what you should watch next, hit subscribe for me. My goal is that 50% of the people that watch this channel are subscribers. It's free. It's how you can support us. And it's also how you can tell me, Mel, I love access to these worldclass experts. Keep going, woman. Keep bringing them. Hit subscribe and we will. All righty. The next video that you're going to love is this one. Hit play and you're going to find that I'm going to be there welcoming you in the second the video starts. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vic2006 [1 likes]: I have had GAD since a kid. And I hate it is a circle: you get anxiety of possibly getting anxiety/panic attack.
  2. @Alesio00-s9t [1 likes]: When reading this comments I understood I am not alone at this. I have health anxiety which comes and goes, for some months now and sometimes its so tiring it feels like you are in a loop but also I have been trying to manage it and build trust on my health again and I hope we all do learn to manage it and maybe to anyone who is feeling hopeless remember you are not alone just reach to someone and keep learning and working on yourself and one day we can be better! ❤
  3. @gugi63: Anxiety is post pone effect of fast life created by humans promoting capitalism and civilization, from utility bills to the daily activities, especially people who seat in office from 8 to 18.. there is a heal for this, it's called MONEY, money = secure = no anxiety, or at least less amount of it. ❤
  4. @Joelucky81: It ain’t my wheel 😮that’s amazing!❤
  5. @gwenritch: Don’t really understand how to embrace and let go? Not helpful maybe I’m too far gone?
  6. @ramilhelengabmiggy: Anxiety, Fear, Shyness, Doubt etc... 

In order to overcome all of these, a person must accept DEATH as inevitable. 

Once you accept that DEATH is absolute in any given moment you will become fearless and less anxious. 

DEATH is the surest event in this world, no exceptions. Even for Trump, Putin, Netanyahu, Xi Jing Pin, Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Kings and Queens and beggars will taste death. 

Death is the best, absolute, optimum LEVERAGE FOR ALL.
  7. @jesenniacarrillo: I get anxiety flushed and turn into a tomato and my body wants to go in fight or flight mode 😢and I feel like everyone is looking at me. Even if someone comes up to me to talk to me i immediately start to feel hot for no reason l. It’s exhausting and embarrassing. I am thinking about getting surgery for because I can’t take it anymore
  8. @emalizz4047: Mel Robbinssss ❤ I love your book Let Themmm, I just got themmm ❤
  9. @DiritaFitzsimmons: Mines 10 😢
  10. @SubhamTiwari-d7y: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens
  11. @melusiginindza2663: I’ve always felt like my body is overreacting to things that aren’t even dangerous, and it’s exhausting trying to control it. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains the “alarm” thing actually made sense to me
  12. @Vk_.Vikashh._: I’ve noticed that even when I’m completely calm mentally, my body still feels tense for no reason and I never understood why. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it actually explains that disconnect in a way that makes sense
  13. @ststarkura4154: I don’t even know how to explain it properly but my anxiety feels like it lives in my body more than in my thoughts. that’s why “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” stood out to me, because it sounds like it talks about that side more
  14. @ramakachhi5475: the most frustrating thing for me is when I feel anxious without any reason at all, like nothing triggered it. I’ve been seeing “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the idea that your system is just stuck actually explains that better than anything else
  15. @HemanthTumula: I feel like I’ve tried every “fix your mindset” tip and none of it really changed how my body reacts. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it’s not even about forcing anything, which is interesting
  16. @Manjusha-Rohini879: the most frustrating thing for me is when I feel anxious without any reason at all, like nothing triggered it. I’ve been seeing “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the idea that your system is just stuck actually explains that better than anything else
  17. @pinkesh_creatoins: I’ve always felt like my body is overreacting to things that aren’t even dangerous, and it’s exhausting trying to control it. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains the “alarm” thing actually made sense to me
  18. @simofati7009: I feel like I’ve tried every “fix your mindset” tip and none of it really changed how my body reacts. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it’s not even about forcing anything, which is interesting
  19. @mian._.hasham.: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens
  20. @lui.king0000: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens

- A Neuroscientist on Unwinding Anxiety | Rich Roll Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, everybody, welcome to the podcast. Today, we're gonna laser in on anxiety, and specifically what new science tells us about how we can unwind it, how we can break the cycle of fear and worry, that cripple some, but I think in so many ways, it's fair to say, affects all of us to some degree or another. To do that, I've invited my friend, Dr. Jud Brewer, back on the show. His first appearance was episode 471, back in 2019. For those unfamiliar, Dr. Jud is a psychiatrist and neuroscientist, who specializes in the science of habit change. He's the director of research and innovation at the Mindfulness Center, he's a research affiliate at MIT, and an associate professor in behavioral and social sciences and psychiatry, at the schools of public health and medicine, at Brown University. You might've stumbled upon his TED Talk, it's got something like 10 million views. Maybe you caught him on "60 minutes" with Anderson Cooper, a couple of years back. He's also been featured in "Time Magazine," NPR, "Forbes," and many other places. And this first conversation that we had, focused on addiction, and how mindfulness can help us break bad habits. And today we're gonna extend that exploration to Dr. Jud's latest book, which is called "Unwinding Anxiety." And we're gonna do that, to better understand what causes everything from mild unease to full-blown panic, the relationship between anxiety and addiction, and the many interesting ways, that we can actually train and rewire our minds, to feel, perform and live better. But first, most people that I know, aspire to eat better, but without proper support, very, very few end up sticking with it. So, we decided to try to solve this very common problem. And our solution is the Plantpower Meal Planner. It's our all-in-one affordable digital platform, that sets you up for nutrition excellence, by providing you access, to thousands of customizable, super delicious, easy to prepare, plant-based recipes, that are all integrated with automatic grocery delivery. Plus you get access to our team of nutrition coaches seven days a week, and many other features. Right now we're offering $10 off an annual membership, when you visit meals.richroll.com, and use the special promo code RRHEALTH. This is life-changing stuff, it's just $1.70 a week, when you sign up for a year, literally the price of a cup of coffee. Again, that's meals.richroll.com, promo code our, RRHEALTH, for $10 off an annual membership. Okay, do me a solid, hit that subscribe button, click like, leave a comment, do all the things, leave your thoughts below, and let's get into it with Dr. Jud Brewer. Man, I wish I could see your new studio. Oh man, I wish you were here. It's pretty dope. So, next time you find yourself in Los Angeles, for sure. I will take you up on that, I would love to come visit. And, you know, this also sounds, I don't want to, well, I'll just say it. I'd love to go for a run with you sometime. 100%. Okay. (laughs) I was thinking about you the other day. I was on a long bike ride along the coast, and wrapping my head around what I wanted to talk to you about. And the surf, the lineup was looking pretty good. (laughs) It's calling your name, Jud. Oh, well we can go surfing too. Yeah, I would like that. I could use a little, I'm a very average surfer, so I need all the help I can get in that department. Well, same here, same here. Trying to rewire my brain to master that skill set is no small thing at 54. (laughs) (Jud laughs) Anyway man, let's just roll into it. Yeah, let's do it. How's it going? How has your COVID experience been? Which is kind of relevant to everything that we're gonna get into today. Yeah, well, I could say interesting, but that could mean a gazillion things. So, I'll be a little more specific. You know, I have to say, my wife taught me this term, FGO, I'm sure many folks know what that is, but I had not heard it as of a few years ago, the freaking growth opportunity, you can make that R rated if you want. Yeah. But man, this has been such a growth opportunity here, in terms of kind of all this adversity coming up, and leaning in rather than running away. You know, you've probably heard this term, this phrase, the only way out is through, have you heard that? Right. Unfortunately, more times than I care to remember. (laughs) Yeah, you've lived it. I mean that's a very optimistic spin on it, of course. Well, what are the alternatives? I mean, we could either go for it, or we could be running our whole life. And I have to say, running's pretty exhausting in my experience. Right, well, you're quite the man for the moment. I think everything that you've been studying for many, many years, is now coming to the forefront of what people are thinking about and grappling with, specifically anxiety, you know? I think it's the rare person who isn't experiencing some kind of anxiety, you know, in this predicament that we find ourselves in. And that's what we're gonna talk about today. So, maybe the best way to launch into this, is first to just define our terms. When we're talking about anxiety, what are we talking about specifically? And how does that differ, from other kind of kindred emotions, like fear and worry and the like? Yeah, I think that's a great place to start. So, if you look at, I think the dictionary definition of anxiety, goes something like, you know, "Feeling of worry, nervousness or unease, "about an imminent event, "or something with an uncertain outcome." Mm hmm. It's interesting in that definition, worry is an interesting word, because it can be a noun, like this feeling of unease, but it can also be a verb, where I am worrying. So, I think, let's bookmark that and come back to that, because I think that's a really critical distinction, that in both of those, can actually, the noun can lead to the verb, which can feed back to the noun of worrying. But looking at it from a scientific standpoint, you know, I think a lot of people associate anxiety, with something that's kind of necessary, needed for survival, you know, especially right now. And that's something that I dove into a lot in my book, because I've been really interested with this idea, you know, there's this whole idea of performance anxiety, and I actually haven't found any evidence to support it. So, let's bookmark that as well, and talk about some of these origins here. So, think of fear as a survival mechanism, okay? We've talked before about habits, and setting up habits for survival, right? To remember where food is, and to remember where danger is. So, these learning mechanisms go way back, you know, evolutionarily conserved all the way to the sea slug. Like this is the oldest learning mechanism known in science, you know, positive and negative reinforcement. So, if you zoom in on fear as a negatively reinforced behavior, fear helps us survive, right? So, think of our ancient ancestors out on the savanna, they are forging for food, right? But they don't know if it's dangerous. So, they're moving from their safe zone, their cave, out into more of an uncertain space, the savanna. So, their brain naturally goes on high alert, to start to learn things, like, "Oh, there's food, go there again. "There's danger, don't go there again," okay? So, fear helps us learn where things are safe and where things aren't safe, so we can avoid the unsafe places. That fear mechanism is this old part of the brain, and then layered on top of it, is a thinking and planning part of the brain, the neocortex, or the prefrontal cortex in particular. And this is interesting, because it helps us survive in a different way. It helps us survive through thinking and planning, yet it needs information, and preferably accurate information, so in this day and age there's a lot of misinformation which gets in the way, but it also is helpful for it to have precedent. So, when it's going into unchartered territory, it's really hard to think and plan, you know? Like, "Oh, let's, let's go explore Saturn." Well, you know, we've never done that before, so you gotta think of a bunch of things, and try to approximate, but it'd be much easier if somebody else had explored Saturn and wrote a book about it, said, "Oh do this, don't do that," okay? So, the prefrontal cortex, think of fear, helps us survive. The prefrontal cortex helps us survive, but if you pair fear with a lack of certainty, right, which is what the prefrontal cortex is trying to help us do, it's trying to help us predict the future, based on past experiences, if there is no precedent, if there's a lack of certainty, that fear, plus uncertainty, leads to anxiety. And people think, "Oh, anxiety it's gonna help me survive." No, it doesn't. (laughs) There is no evidence for it helping us survive. It makes our thinking and planning brain go offline. And if you think of the extreme form of anxiety, panic, right, which is wildly unthinking behavior, that's that far into the spectrum of anxiety. Right, it's an interesting, but subtle and important distinction, in that it is the uncertainty, that's driving the irrationality, right? You can be afraid, when you have a certain set of predictable parameters to deal with, but when you don't know what you're venturing into, that's what provokes the anxiety. So, to kind of extend that, what's fascinating about that, is it's not the dire consequence that creates the anxiety, it's the lack of certainty, around whether that consequence is going to be dire, or not so dire Yeah, absolutely. And just to be super clear for your listeners, it's not that fear is a problem, right? Fear helps us learn, in new situations in particular. But fear doesn't have the same neurochemical reaction in the brain as anxiety. Like, neurochemically, like how do these two things distinguish themselves? Yeah, I don't think all of the neurochemistry has been worked out, but I think one way to think about this, is on a temporal scale. So, if you look at the timescales, you can actually differentiate them pretty well. I'll use an example, of let's say stepping out into the street. So, let's say in this day and age, when everybody is distracted by their, what does Cornell Welch say, "Our weapons of mass distraction," you know, everybody's looking at their phone. So, if somebody steps out in the street, and doesn't see the bus coming, you know, bearing down on them, they instinctively jump back onto the safety of the sidewalk. And I say instinctively, because this is much faster than our thinking brain. You know, imagine you look up to the bus, and go, "Hmm, is that really going fast enough, you know? "Is it going to veer," splat. You know? We don't have time for that. So, we jump back onto the safety of the sidewalk, and then we have a fear response. (air whooshing) All of our, you know, basically our fight or flight response kicks in, and says, "Wow, that was crazy." And I, to be more precise, that fight or flight response, is where we get these catecholamines, we get all these, basically the adrenaline surge, that says, "Hey, you gotta run if you need to, "if you're not safe at this point, okay?" But that also helps us have this fear response, that says, "Wow, you could have almost gotten killed. "You should learn from this, look both ways," you know, "Relearn what you learned as a kid." The problem is, so think of that as super rapid, is that instinctual response, the rapid response is that fear response, but then ideally that drains out of our system, you know, and we move on when we've learned. So, this is what differentiates that from anxiety, is with the anxiety, maybe we keep replaying it in our head, "Oh, I could have gotten killed, I'm an idiot. "I shouldn't have done that." That is just kind of keeping that fear response going, chronically. Wow. And that could happen for hours, days, weeks, years, you know, and this is where people, you know, it's not like we need a lifetime of psychotherapy for a fear response. Right, right. But what we do need, is the ability to see the difference between a helpful fear response, and us literally getting spun out of control, because our mind's going out of control, making us continue to think about it. And I think we're all experiencing, you know, some variation on those two things, over the past year, whether it's fear or unhealthy anxiety, you know, amidst a global pandemic, and our weapons of mass distraction, that are feeding us conflicting information, about X, Y and Z. I would suspect that this has created an unbelievably robust Petri dish, for you to really immerse yourself in the subject matter, in which you are an expert. And I know that early in the pandemic, like last May, you were writing pretty extensively about anxiety, and how we were grappling with how to manage this crazy shift in all of our lifestyles. But here we are almost a year later. It would seem to follow that there's less uncertainty now, perhaps the same amount of fear, but have you seen any kind of differentiation in how your patients or or the population at large, is kind of coping with COVID? So, I would say there are two main things that I'm noticing both in my clinic and then just at large. One is that there is that big spike of, "Wow, this is crazy. "This is really gonna be a pandemic. "Is it, wow, this really is a pandemic," you know? And then "How dangerous is this?" You know, "How infectious is this?" All of that, that uncertainty has gone down a little bit. And the death rate has gone down, when people figured out things like using steroids to help severely ill patients. So, that part has helped, yet we've seen the continual spikes, and these are intermittent ones, we don't know when they're gonna happen, with other forms of uncertainty, like the variants, "Oh," of "this variant popped up." And then those things feed a whole nother level of uncertainty. We've also seen things that really haven't changed that much in terms of the uncertainty. You know, small businesses, for example, the economy, for example, this is totally unprecedented. So, everybody is kind of feeling their way through this, whether it's a poor, small business owner, I've seen so many who've just like put their life savings, and they're like "Just one more month, just one more month." And then they crash and burn. Or the feds, who are trying to figure out how to prop up the economy, without throwing us into whatever wild inflation or whatever. That's not my lane, so I don't know. (laughs) But the other piece that I've seen on top of this, is how people are coping. And I say, "Coping" with air quotes, because you've probably heard of the quarantine 15, and you know, where people have gained weight, and people are turning to these short-term coping strategies because are immediate and feel good in the moment. Whether it's drinking, you know, drinking has gone up, actually it's interesting, drinking has gone up in a significant part of the population, and some people have just basically cut out their drinking, probably due to lack of social resources, and the the usual places that they do. So, drinking's gone up, Netflix has had a quite a run. You know, social media, all these things have gone up as coping mechanisms, that are probably gonna get laid down even harder as negative habits that people that are gonna have, that's gonna give this pandemic a long tail. And then, you know, I think the anxiety piece is gonna have an even longer tail. Some are describing this as the coming epidemic of anxiety. What's interesting about what you just said, is this nexus between anxiety and addictive behavior patterns, right? I mean, it's logical if you really think about it, but this is something that your new book really gets into in depth, the extent to which addictive behaviors, really are, you know, a close cousin to chronic anxiety, and how that works neurochemically. Can you talk a little bit about what that connection is? Yeah, I'd be happy to. This was actually a big aha moment that I had several years ago now. So, just to set the stage as a budding addiction psychiatrist, I had a lot of patients, not only with addictions, but a lot of folks with anxiety. Anxiety and depression are the bread and butter of the psychiatric profession. And I learned in medical school, to basically give people medications for anxiety. And the best medications out there, are actually in a class of antidepressants, ironically, because there aren't, you know, the anxiolytics, the benzodiazepines, are now no longer recommended as a first-line treatment for anxiety. So, the best evidence for these, shows that you need to treat about five people, before one person benefits. This is called the number needed to treat. And so as a psychiatrist, you can imagine it's not very satisfying for me to treat five people, and one person shows a significant benefit. So, I was struggling in my outpatient clinic, helping my patients with anxiety. And, you know, I was even trained in cognitive behavioral therapy. The response rate to cognitive behavioral therapy is about 50%, if you can get a good therapist, you know? So, there are a lot of barriers to good treatment for anxiety, so I was really struggling. And we were studying one of these apps that we developed for eating, it's called Eat Right Now. And somebody said, you know, "My habit pattern around eating goes like this. "I'm anxious and I eat," (laughs) you know, "Repeat." (Rich laughs) And she said, you know, could you develop a program for anxiety? And I was thinking, "Well, you know, I'm a psychiatrist, "I generally prescribe medications." But as a researcher, you know, I knew a little something about habits. We'd been studying this for a long time. So, I went back and looked at the literature, and back in the '80s, right? This is when the Stones, this is how popular benzodiazepines were. Do you remember the song, "Mother Little's Helper"? Of course. Yes. Do you wanna sing a few bars for us? (laughs) No, I'm not going to subject anybody to my singing voice, but go ahead, feel free, Jud. Well, I won't sing, but it goes something like, "She goes running to the shelter "of mother's little helper, "and it helps her through her day, "do, do, do, do, do, do." Yeah, so the Stones were singing about benzos, because they were so wildly popular in the '70s and '80s, and the psychiatric field was looking for new medications, so they came up with the SSRIs, you know? Prozac was, I think it was invented in '85 or something like that. So, everybody's heralding the miracle of Prozac, while the Stones are singing about the benzos. And there was this guy at Penn State who was quietly studying anxiety, his name is Thomas Borkovec. And he said, "You know, I," and he was very interested in the psychological aspects. And he said, "You know, I think anxiety "could actually be perpetuated, "in the same way as any other habit, "through negative reinforcement." And that's when all the bells went off for me, when I read that. You know, I went back, 'cause I never learned this in residency or medical school, when I saw this literature, it was pretty solid. And I was thinking, "Wow, I never thought about that. "Could anxiety actually be driven habitually?" And so I started looking at that, and lo and behold, it can be negatively reinforced, just like any other bad habit. And that's where things really took off for me, and I started exploring that both in my research, and also in my clinic. Right, in the way that an addict experiences some level of emotional discomfort, and reaches for the substance to self-medicate that anxiety, is extremely similar in that you're feeling agitated, and you then try to ameliorate that, through any number of different behaviors, right? And this is something you talk about in the book. It's less about the anxiety, and it's more about the behavior that you're reaching out to, to self-medicate. So I've had a number of patients, and I think I write about one of them in the book, who were referred to me for alcohol use disorder. And in fact, their primary disorder, quote, unquote, I don't like that word, their primary issue, let's say, is anxiety. And so anxiety prompts them to drink, and then that gives them this brief relief, and then rinse and repeat every day. But the other thing, and this comes back to the definition of anxiety, what Borkovec talked about, was that anxiety as a noun, so that negative feeling, that unpleasant feeling or emotion, can trigger worry as a mental behavior. And I wanna highlight that, because a lot of people think of behaviors as, you know, eating, smoking, drinking, whatever. Worry is a mental behavior, 'cause we're doing something, it's just not obvious to everybody else. And that worry gives people a couple of things. One is a feeling of control, because at least they're doing something, and/or it can also distract them from that worst feeling, feeling of fear or anxiety. And so worry, as that mental behavior, can actually feed back and drive anxiety habit loops, that then, you know, when people realize they're not really in control, then they go over that event horizon into the black hole of anxiety, 'cause they get worried, and then they get more anxious and they get more worried, and you know, and it just spirals out of control. I grew up with a parent who is a chronic worrier, and, you know, in the way that a virus like COVID-19 can get passed from person to person, these are emotions that travel virally, in a way that's perhaps worse than a virus, because of our social media apps, et cetera, and I know you've talked about this. But it took me a long time to deprogram, the amount of anxiety that was layered upon me throughout my youth, that made me a very afraid person. But I've come to recognize the extent to which this parent relied upon worry as basically, you know, a behavior that had some reward for her, my mother, in that it made it did make her feel like she was doing something, and it was all couched under this umbrella of love, right, as a way of rationalizing something, that was in truth, like, very unhealthy and pernicious. Yeah, well imagine a mother of a teenager. So, let's say Rich as a high school student goes out partying with his friends, and his mother worries all night, until she hears the door knob click or the garage door open, or whatever, and then she can get to sleep. Well, I'm gonna guess, that her worrying did not keep Rich safe. Mm mm, no, but it did color my worldview, and what I entertained as possible for my life. Like, it made me very conservative in my choices, like, my risk analysis was very conservative, and I think it limited me until I got enough adequate therapy, to kind of see more broadly what was actually going on. But I think what's interesting about that, it's almost, you know, I don't know if it's epigenetic, but the extent to which the anxiety or the worry or the fear that's carried by the people in your immediate environment, affect those around those people. Yeah, yeah. And it's so pervasive, that there's a scientific term for this, called social contagion. And I think like you alluded to with social media, you know, you can prevent the spread of a virus, you know, a physical virus by social distancing and masking and all those things, but somebody can sneeze on your brain from anywhere in the world, especially if we're going on social media, and constantly getting sneezed on. Yeah, I mean, 10 minutes before we started this podcast, I was looking at Twitter, which I shouldn't be doing but I was, and I watched the video of the the engine on the United Airlines flight from Denver to Honolulu, that like caught on fire and was exploding. And suddenly I was super, you know, I was like unnecessarily agitated. Like it's terrible to see that, and I'm glad that everybody's safe, and that that had a happy ending to it, but that caused me to enter into this conversation, in a state that, you know, I would have preferred to not be in, and I did it to myself. So, I think the lesson is we need to be more circumspect with these tools of social contagion. Yes, and I think here, you know, often people, they beat themselves up, and not saying this is the case for you, but I've seen a lot of people say, "Well, I shouldn't use social media so much," or "I shouldn't go on social media "right before a big meeting, so I can calm down," or whatever, and then they have another reason, they get in the habit loop of beating themselves up, because they can't just force themselves to stop, which goes back to this willpower myth, that's more myth than muscle. So, I think that's one important thing for folks to keep in mind. There may be other ways to help us get off social media, not just telling yourself Right, that you shouldn't be on it. Right, right, right. There is an interesting relationship between uncertainty and control. And I suspect that people have, you know, various relationships with their respective control issues, but those seem to be kind of intricately intertwined. When you enter into a situation, in which you feel like you don't have agency or control, that propagates a certain level of uncertainty, and somebody who has robust control issues, it seems to me, would be more susceptible to an anxious response. Does that track? With the research? So, yeah, you can think of this, going back to this idea of, you know, our survival brains, the cave is a safe place because we're in control, you know, no saber tooth tigers in the cave. When we go out into the savanna, if we're just of the habitual mindset, of like, "I've gotta be in control," we can actually, that uncertainty can feel like panic, and so we move from our safety zone into our panic zone. And then of course, wildly unthinking behavior, either we run back to the safety of the cave and we stave to death because we don't get food, or we freak out and run off a cliff, or do something that's not thinking. So here, I think it's really important, to see how we how we work with that uncertainty. And in fact, instead of moving into the panic zone, this is, it goes back to the lean in, if we can lean into what's happening, we can actually move into our growth zone. So, instead of thinking, "Oh no, this is happening again. "This is terrible, this is awful," we can go, "Oh, this is different," and we can start to see this as as that FGO, the freaking growth opportunity. And I love Carol Dweck's work, you know? She was a professor at Stanford, talks about fixed versus growth mindset. You know, fixed mindset is that safety or the panic, where we're in some habitual way of being, either never venturing out or always freaking out. And that growth zone, is the, "Oh what can I learn from this?" zone. Right, but the first step in that process is it not having the ability to on some level, step outside yourself, so that you can recognize what's going on? I mean, you have this RAIN acronym, that kind of speaks to that. Like most of us are on some level of autopilot, where we're not recognizing the triggers, the behaviors, the results, we're just repeating a cycle, without any kind of mindfulness whatsoever. So, talk a little bit about how you initiate that process of becoming a little bit more self-aware of what is actually transpiring, so that you can then look at it as a growth opportunity, or recognize that there's something that you can actually do about it. Sure, I think of this as a three-step process. And this actually came to me as I was working more and more with my clinic patients and with our folks in our eating group, actually, before we'd even developed an anxiety program. And the first step, is really just kind of mapping out these habit loops. So, if we can't map them out, if we can't see that we're stuck, we have no way, you know, there's no way that we can use RAIN acronyms, or anything else to get out of them, because we don't know what we're running from. So here, maybe I'll give an example, a concrete example. I had a patient who was referred to me for anxiety, and when he walked into my office, I could see that he was anxious, so that was pretty straightforward. But when I started taking his history, he started describing how, when he would be driving on the highway, he felt like he was in a speeding bullet. And so he said, that thought was the trigger that triggered him to start avoiding driving on the highway, because he would get panic attacks. And so that avoidance behavior, helped him avoid getting panic attacks, and then he stopped driving on the highway. In fact, he had even gotten a bit anxious just driving the local roads to get to my office. So, the first thing we did, I pulled out a piece of paper and a pen, and I just wrote trigger behavior result out on a piece of paper. And I said, "Okay, let's go through this. "What's your trigger?" And he was like, "Those thoughts." "What's the behavior?" "Well, I avoid driving." And then what's the result, "Well, now I'm kind of stuck, "because I'm really limited in what I do, "yet it helped me avoid having future panic attacks." So, there's a great example of just taking five minutes, literally, to map these out. So, anybody can do this, they don't need a psychiatrist just to sit down with them to do it. But that's the first step. If we don't know our habit loops, we can't work with them. And so that's what I sent him home to do. I said, I gave him, we have an Unwinding Anxiety app, I sent him home with that, and I said, "Just start mapping out your habit loops." And interestingly, I'll just say a little bit more about him, he came back two weeks later. So I said, you know, "Let's set up a follow-up appointment "for two weeks." He came back two weeks later, and he said something really striking, that I had not expected him to say, okay? And this actually leads into that second step. So, first step is mapping out these habit loops. The second step is kind of seeing how rewarding they are. And what I failed to mention, was that this gentleman was 180 pounds overweight, okay, when he walked into my office. So he also, when I took his full history, he had hypertension, he had high blood pressure, he had a fatty liver, he had obstructive sleep apnea. So, when he walks in for his follow-up visit, he looks less anxious. But the first thing he said to me, was, "Hey doc, I lost 14 pounds." And I said, "What?" 'Cause I was thinking, "Did we talk about weight loss? "I don't think we talked about weight loss yet. "We're gonna save that "until he worked on his anxiety." And he said, you know he saw that I was a little confused, and he said, "Okay, I was mapping out my habit loops "like you suggested, "and I realized that anxiety was driving me to stress eat, "and that stress eating was not actually fixing my anxiety, "and it was making me feel worse about myself, "because I know I need to lose weight, "because I'm at a very unhealthy weight." So, just by mapping out these habit loops, he started to see that some of his compensatory behaviors were actually not very rewarding for him. And this gentleman went on to lose over a hundred pounds, he's still going strong with that. But the way he describes it is, you know, that 14 pounds and that next 86 pounds or whatever, he said, "It was effortless, "because I didn't feel like, 'I need to lose weight,' "I was just paying attention, "and mapping out my habit loops around stress eating, "and realizing that they weren't rewarding." So, that's really this second step here, which is tapping into our brain's reward system, and helping it get updated. So, is this Dave, who has the recurring narrative throughout the book, right? And if I'm not mistaken, at some point, he honks at you, driving down a busy street. So, he's able to conquer his fear of driving along the way, which was the initial thing that brought him into you, right? Yeah, it's amazing, 'cause it seems almost too simple to be true, but very powerful. And if you kind of extend the extreme example of someone like this person, who's going out of their way to avoid the thing that's causing them anxiety, you know, ultimately leads them to become like a shut-in, right? Avoid anything that would provoke you to have any kind of anxiety response, that then creates a scenario, that's far worse than the anxiety itself. Yes, absolutely. I'm trying to square this a little bit with with 12-step, wherein there's this adage that self-awareness will avail you nothing. And here is an example of self-awareness availing you quite a bit, right? But that self-awareness has to be followed with the action. Like, you had a patient who had a level of of willingness to actually roll up his sleeves and do the work, right? Just being aware that this is the case is not enough, it was his dedication, to actually tracking these triggers, behaviors and results, that led him to kind of course correct. Yes, and I would say, so here, I would say self-awareness coupled with just some basic understanding of how our brains work, like, you know, this reward-based learning system, really gets us pretty far. And so I'd be curious to hear, 'cause I obviously, I know some about 12-step programs, working as an addiction psychiatrist, but I'm curious, this "Self-awareness avails you nothing," not many of my patients talk about that. Oh, it's interesting. Yeah, it's one of the many, you know, many, many catchphrases, I think, what, at the heart of what that's getting at, is the fact that you can't just passively become sober. Like, you actually have to do the steps, and you know, all the other stuff that comes with it. Like, just attending meetings, and sitting in the back, listening, isn't going to provide you with the solution. Or just coming to the realization, that you have a problem, that's important, but rectifying the problem, is gonna require you to get out of your comfort zone, and do a little bit of heavy lifting, that, you know, is gonna be unfamiliar for you, so. So, yeah, that makes sense. If I'm understanding what you're saying, it's kind of like somebody could even, that self-awareness could even perpetuate a self identification with the behavior. So, if somebody says, you know, "I am an alcoholic." I have tons of patients who say "I'm just an anxious person." And what I say to them is, "Well, let's see "if that's a habit, "or if that's a persona that you've taken on, "that you can actually let go of." And, and actually, Dave, you know, you mentioned him, he had been so identified with anxiety, you know? He had started getting anxious around the age of eight, and he was 40 when he came to see me. So, he'd been wearing this sweater, let's say, for, you know, over 30 years. When he started to reduce his anxiety, one visit, he came in to my office, and he said, "Doc, it's kind of weird. "I'm starting to feel prolonged periods "of calmness and peace and all this, and it feels strange. "So, I'm getting anxious that I'm not anxious." Right, right, right, right. It's like the person who grew up in a dysfunctional household, and is then attracted to a mate that has the attributes of that dysfunctional parent, and, of course, is in a string of really bad relationships, finally meets somebody who's healthy, and they self-destruct that relationship, because it's so unfamiliar. Like the healthy habit feels wrong until it feels right. So, there's an acclimation period, especially when identity is so deeply woven into the fabric of how this person sort of navigates and sees the world. And I remember somebody who was pilot testing an on-running anxiety program, sent me an email and said, you know, "I feel like this anxiety is deeply etched in my bones." That's how identified she was with it. And what's interesting is, that sort of, in my mind, when I hear that, I'm like, "well, that's gonna be a tough road to hoe." Like, how are you going to get that person, I mean, 'cause you're basically telling them, they have to grow into, you know, a completely new sense of who they are. Like how does that transpire? And yet the success rates that you're experiencing, you know, demonstrate how powerful this is. Well, and so I can talk about that briefly. What I would say, you know, as a clinician, I was looking for solutions. As a researcher, I'm not gonna believe anything until I see that it actually works, including my own work. You know, I'm the easiest person to fool, thinking, "Oh, I'm gonna create a program. "It's gonna work for everybody." It could just be a, you know, "Oh, this worked for me and I've won, "and therefore, if it doesn't work for you, "there's something wrong with you as compared to me." So, you know, the nice thing about being a neuroscientist is I can actually study this stuff, in addition to developing it. Long story short, you know, we've run several clinical trials now. We started with anxious physicians, because they are really hard to work with. And I say that as a card carrying member, you know? We can be a pain in the ass, and I think a lot of it is conditioned, culturally, where we have to be the martyrs. You know, there's this phrase, armor up, where we have to armor up, you know, we have to take care of everyone else, but there's no time to take care of ourselves, because we could have been spending that time taking care of our patients. So, a lot of physicians don't take care of themselves, and we now see an epidemic of burnout with physicians. So, we worked with anxious physicians. It was, unfortunately, the easiest study I ever recruited for, because there were so many people that were eligible. And long story short, you know, we tested out this Unwinding Anxiety app, and after three months we saw a 57% reduction, in these clinically validated anxiety scores. We also saw significant reductions, in measures of burnout, because the two can be correlated, especially callousness and things like that. So, that was interesting. But it was a small trial, single arm, you know, we didn't have a control group. So, we got NIH funding to do a randomized control trial with people with generalized anxiety disorder. I think of these as the Olympians of worry, you know, they're really good, really practiced at worrying. We did a randomized control trial, had people do their usual clinical care, or clinical care plus this Unwinding Anxiety app, and we got a 67% reduction, And just to put that in perspective, so remember that number needed to treat I mentioned earlier? So, I need to treat over five patients, for one person to benefit from the medication? The number needed to treat here was 1.6. Hm, that's crazy. I mean, when you're looking at going from basically a 20% success rate, to an over 60% success rate, it's almost unheard of in your field, right? And this was with an app. (laughs) Not even, you know, in-person treatment. Yeah, no, to be fair, as part of this app-based program, I wanna give people support. So, we have an online community, that I and other experts moderate, and I lead a live weekly group, that anybody can join for an hour, and they can ask questions. You kind of ask the doc, type of thing. So, we do try to give people support, but the majority of folks just use the app, and do pretty darn well. Right, so you drop a statistic in the book. I believe it's something like 264 million people are dealing with anxiety. Is that globally or in the United States? I can't recall. I've mostly looked at data in the US, and so what I can say, and I'm terrible at remembering statistics, that's why I write them down (laughs) and then promptly forget them. But in the US, the most prevalent category of disorders, again, I don't like that term, is anxiety disorders. So, I think it's basically one in three people in their lifetime, is gonna be diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. That's just the disorder spectrum. So, you know, anxiety is pretty darn prominent. I think in the United States, those data are probably from at least the Western world, if not the US, but let's just say anxiety is pretty prevalent all over the world. Right, so, so chances are, there's a high percentage of people that are listening or watching this right now, who maybe they're not having full blown panic attacks, but are contending with anxiety, in some kind of material way, on a daily basis in their lives. So, I think it would be really helpful and instructive, to kind of walk through this therapeutic process, of how we unpack anxiety, and get people to, you know, develop that self-awareness with the tools to confront it, and create healthier responses. So, and we've actually already talked about the first step which is just to map out these habit loops, which anybody can do. And we even put out a free resource. I think it's mapmyhabit.com, where somebody can download a PDF, that gives them a habit mapper and explains it, and gives them worksheets, where they can just map it out on their daily basis, which is something, you know, it's free, anybody can do that. And the idea is just to help people start to develop that first level of awareness. "Oh, I didn't notice X habit." And often there can be habit that builds on habit, that builds on habit. So, after that first step, you know, we talked a little bit about the second step, about tapping into the reward value of the brain. This step is somewhat counterintuitive, because and this may, I'd love to hear your perspective on this, this may be this Western mindset of just do it, where, "Okay, I've identified the problem. "Now I'm going to fix the problem." Okay? If we could tell ourselves, you know, if we could think our way out of anxiety, I would happily find another job. It's just not how our brains work. Right? So, there's this idea of just telling ourselves to stop being anxious. Did you ever see, there was a Bob Newhart skit from his show in the '70s called "Just Stop It." No, I don't think I ever saw that. Okay, so there's this five minute skit where this woman walks into his office, as this therapist's office, and she says, you know, "I have this fear "of being buried alive in a box." And basically, the skit, where he just leans over his desk, and he says, "Just stop it," you know? And there are various iterations of this, and then eventually he says, you know, "Just stop it or I'll bury you alive in a box," you know? So, that that's the concept around anxiety is, you know, "Oh, if you're anxious, just stop it," you know? Same with addiction. Yeah, yes, it's no different. "Just cut it out, "stop doing that thing "What's wrong with you?" "that's killing you." Yeah, "What's the matter with you?" And that- "You a weak person." Right, it opens it up to a broader conversation about self-will and the inability to leverage self-will to confront these problems. Yes, yeah. So, basically, at best, willpower can be depleted throughout the day. At worst, and I think the science is leaning in this direction, we may not really have a whole lot of willpower, it may be more a myth, than muscle. And there's a fair amount of research suggesting that, you know? But these debates have been going on since the Greece, ancient Greece, even probably before that, you know? There was this relief on the Parthenon about this writer and this horse, you know, and trying to tame the wild horse. The horse was passions, you can think of anxiety that way. And the writer is reason, you know? And so, we haven't gotten any better at taming our passions, whether they're addictions or anxiety. So here, what I would say as well, what we do know in modern day, is a little bit of neuroscience you know, that wasn't known back in ancient Greece. And one of the pieces that we do know, is that reward-based learning is the strongest mechanism in our brain. So why not start there, rather than the prefrontal cortex, which ironically goes offline when we're stressed or we're tired, or, you know? That's where the HALT acronym comes from, you know, hungry, angry, lonely, tired. That's when our prefrontal cortex goes offline. So, if that's not accessible or useful or strong enough, why not tap into the reward-based learning part of the brain? And it too, is relatively simple, and the research has been known for decades about how this works. So, basically there are these two researchers in the '70s, Rescorla and Wagner. They developed this model called the Rescorla-Wagner model where we'd developed this, basically, a prediction value or a reward value of different behaviors. And the way this is set up, is to help us not have to relearn everything every day, you know? So, if given a choice between two behaviors, we don't have to try the A, and then try B, and then compare the two, you know, we've tried them enough before, that we say, "Oh yeah, I'm gonna do B, "because I know it's more rewarding than A." So, our brains are gonna pick what's more rewarding. So, for example, I don't know, tying our shoes, let's say A is not tying your shoes, B is tying your shoes. You realize if you tie your shoes, you don't trip, it's more rewarding, we just do it as a habit, okay? So, the only way to change a behavior, is by updating that reward value, and that reward value can get laid down for a long time. I dunno, we could use eating or smoking as an example, right? So, think of all the times we've eaten cake, you know, birthday parties, celebrations, all these things, that gets laid down as this rewarding behavior, and then we see cake and we eat cake, 'cause our brain says that's rewarding. The only way to change that, is to bring awareness to it. And the Rescorla-Wagner model, talks about these terms that sound fancy but they're pretty straight forward, positive prediction error, or a negative prediction error. So, using cake as an example, if we see a piece of chocolate cake, and we haven't had it from a certain bakery before, we expect it to have, you know, like, "Oh, I like chocolate cake." We expect it to have a certain reward value. Then we eat it and we go, "Oh my goodness, "this is the best chocolate cake I've ever had in my life." And suddenly there's this positive prediction error, because we predicted it to be of X reward, and it was actually X plus a thousand, you know? It was much more rewarding. So, we're like, "Oh, I gotta remember that bakery." And we learn to go back there for a good chocolate cake. Let's say we go to the same bakery, and they put a bunch of salts in the recipe, instead of sugar, you know, oops. And we eat it and we go, "Ugh, what idiot?" You know, "Boy, this is not very rewarding." And we get this negative prediction error, that says, "Man, don't go back to that bakery again," okay? So, that's how reward value is updated, all based on one thing, which is awareness. We have to pay attention to the behavior, or we're just gonna keep doing it. And you can see how this applies to addictions. So, for example, in our smoking program, we have people pay attention when they smoke, and they realize that cigarettes tastes like shit. and they stop, you know, that reward value goes down. We did a study recently with our Eat Right Now app, where we actually found that within 10 to 12 times of people paying attention, we give them this craving tool in the app, to really pay attention as they eat, that reward value drops below zero. So, it doesn't actually take that long to update a reward value, whether it's a addiction like cigarette smoking, or even a habit like over eating cake. Right, that's super fascinating. I'm just thinking about, you know I can only couch this in my own experience. And I'm thinking about my alcoholism, and the self-awareness that I would have before picking up a drink, knowing if I pick up one, that ain't gonna be the only drink, and God knows what's gonna happen, but 100%, I'm gonna at a minimum, I'm gonna wake up feeling terrible, and there's the possibility that I'm creating, that all kinds of havoc is gonna ensue, that's gonna have a very negative impact on my life, and yet I make the choice anyway, there's a powerlessness over it. So, maybe that's a little bit of a distinction between somebody who's fully addicted to something, versus an anxiety response, because the counter to that, you have an example in the book, of the woman who does the very thing you just mentioned, which is goes to the bakery, is used to getting some kind of sweet and savory food. She opts for the blackberries instead and she feels better afterwards, and so she's creating a new reward mechanism. And I think piggybacking on top of that, and this is what I would like you to get into a little bit, is she's opting out of that kind of vicious cycle that takes place, after you've made the choice you know you're not supposed to make, that makes you feel bad, and then you beat yourself up, and you just continue to dig that hole deeper. So, she arrests that cycle, she doesn't have the shame reaction, she actually feels better physically, hence she's more likely to make the correct choice the next time, she's carving that new neural pathway. And that's really the secret sauce in terms of learning anything, whether it's letting go of an unhealthy habit, or even fostering a healthy habit, is to reflect back on what it was like last time. So, as you described, you know, that playing the tape forward, "What am I gonna get from this?" Well, the only way we can project into the future is based on past experience. And if anybody has enough experience, let's say drinking to excess, that they can clearly see, you know, 99 out of 100 times, I'm gonna wake up with a hangover, and, you know, with a worse relationship with my partner or whatever, then that starts to take hold as a reduced reward value. And if they can recall that, then their brain says, "Do I really wanna have a drink?" And the same thing is true for the eating example. It's like, "If I overeat again, "what am I gonna get from this?" So, I actually like the very simple, I have folks in the step two of the book, just ask the simple question, "What do I get from this?" And again, it's not intellectual it's experiential. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like try to really connect with the emotional experience of following through on that unhealthy behavior. And one of the things that I've learned in recovery, is called playing it through. And it's not, it's about having a longer view on like, "Okay, if I'm gonna drink," like, "Oh, I'm gonna ameliorate this emotional feeling "of dis-ease that I'm experiencing right now. "That's what's triggering me to do it." But play it through like, "Okay, then tomorrow "I'm gonna wake up and feel like shit, "I'm not gonna be able to do my job, "or study or whatever it is that I have in store. "My partner is gonna give me a little bit of side-eye." You know, like just like play it all the way to its conclusion, not just the reward, but what's on the other side of that reward. Absolutely, yes. A big part of rewiring this reward system, has to do with not just mindfulness, but also curiosity and kindness. So, I wanna spend a couple of minutes talking about curiosity. And what I loved about what you wrote in the book, is there's a distinction, there are two different kinds of curiosity. There's deprivation curiosity, and there's interest curiosity. 'Cause you hear a lot about curiosity in the mindfulness space, "Just be curious." But it is a little bit more complicated and nuanced than that. It is, you know, and I'm laughing because I didn't even know there were two types until I think it was about two and a half years ago. And I was just, you know, you're probably this way, I was just a naturally curious kid. Like, I loved to learn how things work. I used to destroy my toys, to see how they worked. Uh huh. And so I just thought, "Oh curiosity, "yeah, there's one flavor to that." But it turns out there's a fair amount of science suggesting that there are two types, and it's helpful to differentiate them, because they both work in different ways. So, the first flavor is deprivation curiosity, which is basically a lack of information. So, when we don't know the answer to something, you know, this is our brain seeing, "Oh, there's uncertainty here." It is driven literally in a survival mechanism way, same type of urges that we get, when we go to get food or whatever, we're driven to go get the answer to that. You know, whether it's a trivia question or, you know, where is water, you know, 'cause I don't know where water is. And that can be negatively reinforced. So, the trigger is, "I don't know the answer." The behavior might be, you know, if it's a trivia question, we'd go to our weapon of mass distraction and look it up. And then the relief comes from knowing the answer. So, I think of this as destination curiosity. You know, once we get to the destination, we're satisfied, but until we get there, it's called deprivation because we feel deprived, and that deprivation drives us, to go and seek out that information Right, like a heroin addict in a new city. The deprivation curiosity would be like, "Where am I gonna score?" And the level of intentionality and determination that gets channeled into that curiosity, could power a nuclear, could power a city, right? Like that person is gonna figure it out and find their heroin. Not such a good curiosity. Yes, exactly, yeah. Don't get in their way, basically. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) They will be like that bus, and you'll be hit by that bus. Yeah, 100%. All right, so distinguish that from interest curiosity. So, the other flavor is interest curiosity. And in contrast to the destination, I think of this as the journey, where we are just finding that it's very joyful to discover new things to learn, right? So, it doesn't matter, there's no destination in mind, we're just happy to learn new things. It's kind of like being in our growth zone. When we can go, instead of go, "Oh no," we can go, "Oh, what can I learn from this?" This can be in any day situation, where we're out of our comfort zone, or it could be when we're specifically, you know, learning a new topic, or learning some new sport, even. It's like, "Oh," you know? Learning some new sport, and we're struggling, we can go, "Oh, this sucks, this is terrible." We can go, "Oh, well that was different, " you know, "let me try this," and we can be open to that experience. And it feels very, very different. So, instead of it being negatively reinforced, so the deprivation is driven by this urge, you know, "Get out of my way, I gotta find this," the interest is very much more open, where we are curious and like, "Oh," you know, and that actually puts us in growth mindset, so we can actually learn a lot more, rather than just, "Okay, here's this one, you know, "I need to find where the heroin is. "Now, I found it, done." We haven't really learned a whole lot except that one specific thing. I would think that that type of curiosity, and the extent to which somebody is able to develop the open-mindedness required to explore that, is gonna calibrate pretty closely with how much that challenges their core values, or their identity. I mean, this is something that I talked about in a different context with Adam Grant, just like how do you have conversations with people that see the world differently? Well, one of the things you do is you lead with curiosity. If you're in a situation in which that person's worldview is so different from your own, that it feels like a threat to who you are, or how you see the world, it's gonna be more difficult to marshal that level of curiosity. So, how does that map onto anxiety? If you have a patient or an individual, who is so self identifying with their anxiety as part and parcel of who they are, I would imagine that that's going to be a tougher case than somebody who's relatively less aware of the extent to which anxiety is driving their behavior. Yes, so I think even going to that example of trying to have a conversation with somebody, you know, if we are trying to put ourselves in their shoes, and truly understand where they're coming from, as compared to how, you know, we don't have a destination in mind, we're not trying to beat them over the head with our point of view, and keep them yelling at them until they acquiesce, or, you know, that curiosity itself, going back to social contagion, can be contagious, where they see, "Oh, this person "really wants to understand who I am." And of course, people love to talk about themselves, and so you can actually capitalize on that piece, where, you know, we're sneezing curiosity on that other person. And so that can be translated into the clinical setting, where as a therapist or as a psychiatrist, it's really helpful if I am truly curious about my patients, as compared to them walking in the door, looking anxious, and then I just peg them as, "Oh yeah, you're anxious. "Take this medication." Wow, that's not gonna be that helpful. So, if I'm truly curious, and the nice thing about people is everybody has their own story, so there's tons to be curious about. And I'm sure you're this way, it's just like hearing people's story makes my day, it just fills me with energy, because I'm learning something about somebody, you know, and everybody has a unique and interesting story. So, it starts there as, you know, with the therapist, or even having a conversation with somebody. So, when somebody walks in my door and they're anxious, if I can sneeze curiosity on them, it helps them open up to starting to see their own, you know, their own habit loops around anxiety, for example. And then the next thing I can do, once they've kind of gotten a taste of that, is I can give them specific things to practice, to awaken that curiosity. Because we all have it, it's not like something you have to buy at the store. You know, "I'm a little short, "I have to go pick that up at the store." This is about just awakening something that we already have, that's our own natural capacity. And so simple things like if somebody is anxious, we even have a tool built into our Unwinding Anxiety, the app, to do this. We have somebody feel into their anxiety, and then ask themselves, you know, when they feel into where they feel it strongest in their body, ask themselves, "Is this stronger on the right side "or the left side of my body?" And the idea there is to go, "Hmm, well, I don't know." It doesn't matter what the answer is, but that, "Hmm" is that first hint of curiosity that they're starting to awaken curiosity, instead of being sucked into their anxiety. And what this can help do, is it's like the observer effect in physics, you know when they were trying to measure the mass of an electron, they would hit it with photons, with light. And by hitting it with photons, you're actually changing the velocity and therefore the measurement. So, they call this the observer effect. By observing, you're actually gonna affect the results. And the same thing is true in psychology or psychiatry. If we are very identified with our thoughts and emotions, it's hard to change them, but if we can observe them, by observing, we are less identified. And so we can start to see, "Oh there's anxiety. "Oh, that's on more on the right side or the left side "of my body." So, we can see, start to see it more clearly, simply through that awakening process, and that's truly fostered by curiosity. It helps us be able to step back and observe more. Hmm, yeah. And it seems that it would follow that curiosity works as a salve to the shame response, to experiencing these types of emotions, right? I'm imagining the person who is in, perhaps they're having a panic attack, or some kind of anxious response. They don't really wanna reflect on it because then they start to feel bad about it and themselves. So, I've seen people just, they shut down emotionally, or they avoid any kind of conversational confrontation about that, because it provokes so much difficult emotion around it. But curiosity seems to just kind of allow that to evaporate. It creates space, right? And so maybe that's where the kindness piece comes in? Yes, I think of these two, so curiosity and kindness as being complimentary buckets. And so there are many pieces or things in each of those buckets, that can help support each of these. So, for example, with kindness, gratitude is a great way to reflect on kindness, whether it was the kindness of others or whatever, that helps us tap into that feeling of kindness. So, on a broad scale, my lab's actually done a study, where we queried several hundred people, to see where on the reward value spectrum, different emotions are, or different mind states, and we found uniformly, probably not surprisingly, that anxiety, frustration, anger, all feel less rewarding and more closed down, than I think kindness and curiosity, basically. And so connected, you can think of connection, as being, you know, in the bucket of kindness, let's say. So here, when we look at this, uniformly, kindness and curiosity feel more open and expanded than feeling anxious or disconnected or whatever, or being, you know, being mean, or being the object of somebody's anger. So here, just being able to tap into what it feels like to have kindness bestowed upon us, or to be kind to others, and truly being kind in a selfless way, not thinking, you know, "I'm gonna hold the door, "so she's likely to smile at me," or whatever, you know, not looking for anything in return. So, that's where these two share this overlap of openness, of connection, of expansion, that is just more rewarding, because it feels better than being closed down or disconnected. Is there a difference between kindness towards others, versus self-kindness, in terms of how that affects someone's anxiety? I would say pragmatically, it can be more challenging for a lot of people to tap into the feeling of self-kindness, but the feeling itself, whether it's kindness toward others or kindness toward ourselves, that expanding feeling is the same. It seems that a gesture of kindness to another person, irregardless of motive, still has an impact. And it could be just a simple gesture, but to do that to yourself is very unfamiliar for a lot of people, they feel like it's indulgent, or they don't deserve it. It seems like it's a more complicated web to unravel. Yeah, I think it can be. And I see this a lot, when people are working with their eating habits, where they mix up self-indulgence with self-kindness, And so they have a bad day and their habit is to stress eat, or eat some ice cream at the end of the day. And someone, you know, a lot of people say, "Well, how do I know whether it's, it feels like "I'm just being kind to myself "by eating that tub of ice cream." And I say, "Check in with yourself, "how kind it is that?" You know, "What do you get from that?" And, you know, typically it's they numb themselves for a little bit, but then they feel guilty, and they don't feel, you know, they get the gut bomb and all of these things. And when they add up the reward value, they can clearly see, "Oh, that's self-indulgence, "that's a habit," versus, you know, "I've had a hard day." And then they can ask themselves, "Well, what do I need?" Maybe a little bit of ice cream but not a whole tub, you know? Maybe a little bit of chocolate. And when they really pay attention, they can actually find that pleasure plateau, where, you know, it's just enough, and then they can stop, simply by bringing awareness to that. And so I think that's one of the big challenges for people, is to differentiate that self-indulgence versus the self kindness. Right, and I think built into something that you just said, which is super important, is that no matter what behavior, errant behavior you're indulging in, you are getting something out of that. You are being rewarded, right? Like, it's not all bad. There's a reason why this is locked in for you. And so the process of reconfiguring that whole thing, is identifying that reward. I mean, it goes back to your paradigm here, but understanding like, "Oh, I eat ice cream, "because, you know, I hate myself." Well, no, actually it is doing something positive for you in a certain way, that also leads to negative effects. But recognizing what that positive thing is, I think, is an important step. Absolutely. And that actually leads us to the third step, which is, you know, for a lot of us, that's been the plateau of our pleasure, of our, you know, of a reward, where we think excitement or eating ice cream, or binge watching Netflix or whatever, is the peak of experience, you know? But there is such a thing as too much of a good thing, right? We can't go on vacation forever. We can't have sex forever. We can't just keep eating ice cream forever, you know? Our body says "Enough!" So here, we can learn to see not only how unrewarding some of, you know, when we peak at that pleasure plateau, and then start going off the other edge, we can see how unrewarding these things are, including habits around guilt and all these things, which are echo habit loops, typically, on top of these other habit loops. And then we can go back to that brain paradigm and give ourself something better. So, I think of this as the BBO, the bigger better offer. So, our brain, again, setting up reward hierarchies, if it starts to see that one behavior is not as rewarding, there's that negative prediction error, it's gonna say, "Okay, give me something better." And this is where kindness and curiosity come in. So, we can, when we're kind to ourselves, versus beating ourselves up, which feels better, you know? When we have a fixed view versus being curious in a conversation, which feels better? Which one helps us feel more connected with the other person? Which helps us learn something or discover something new about that person? To our brains, literally, it's a no brainer. You mentioned bringing mindfulness to all of this, which is kind of like the umbrella component to all of this. I think for a lot of people, we talked about this extensively last time you were on, everybody should go back and listen to that episode. But for a lot of people, that lands kind of in an esoteric space, like what does that mean? Like, "Oh, bring mindfulness to my bad behavior pattern." Like, walk us through what specifically you're talking about, and how that can be helpful. You know, less and less these days, I use the term mindfulness, because it's a concept, right? It was actually from this old term, Sati, which means to remember, and you're thinking how does "to remember" have to do with, you know, paying attention and all this stuff. So, in modern day, there are many definitions of mindfulness, you know, Jon Kabat-Zinn, most famous, I think, in the Western sphere, for giving this definition, of paying attention on purpose, in the present moment, non-judgmentally. Well, honestly, that's a pretty long definition that could trip people up along the way. What does it mean to be nonjudgmental? So here, I like to break it down into its element components, and there are two, you can think of this as two sides of a coin. One is awareness. We all know what awareness is, right, we're either aware or we're not aware. And the other you've already touched on, which is curiosity. And so you can think of the positive framing of non-judgment as curiosity, being curious, not jumping to conclusions, not assuming we know what's happening, truly bringing a fresh perspective. Which is why in a lot of the Buddhist circles, you know, they talk about beginner's mind in Zen, or they talk, in vipassana, they talk, vipassana literally means seeing clearly, where we've taken off our subjective bias glasses, where we see the world a certain way, we've taken those off, and we're just seeing things without any of those biases. I want to pivot and talk a little bit about teens. There is an epidemic of teen anxiety going on right now. I've got a 17 year old daughter, who's having an unbelievably difficult time with the pandemic, and having to do all of her schooling on Zoom. We tell our kids, you know, "Get off the screens," now it's "Get on the screens," it's very confusing. My daughter's an extrovert, she's unable to see her friends to the extent that she would like, she doesn't have the freedoms, that perhaps she would have, if things were a little bit different, and it's taking quite a toll, and we've been struggling with trying to figure out how to, you know be of service to her in the most productive way. So, I'm interested in whether you have any experience working with teens specifically, or what it is about the teen experience that perhaps is a little bit qualitatively different from maybe, you know, people like you and I. So, we've done a little bit of research with teens, for example, teenage smokers, and we've done a little bit of pilot work with our Unwinding Anxiety program to make sure it was accessible to teenagers, but by no means am I an adolescent psychiatrist, so I just want to start with that. What I can say from my own experience as an anxious teen, you know, we moved around a bit when I was a kid, and that's can be challenging, (laughs) you know, in terms of being anxious, going into a new school, you know, not knowing anybody and all that stuff. What I can say is that it's really, really challenging. But what I can also say is that here, you know, I think kids are actually best, and I mean, younger kids in particular, are really good at being curious. And I think somewhere that starts to get, I'm gonna use the word, beaten out of them, but that's probably too strong, but somewhere as we move toward adulthood, you know, we're told things like, you know, "Make sure you know everything," you know, "Try to act like you're in control," you know, all this stuff, that actually gets in the way, or thwarts our natural curiosity. You know, there's not a lot of reward for being curious. Although if you actually look at it, the curious people, the authentic people, tend to do pretty darn well in life. So here, I would say teenagers are super interested in knowing themselves. I think that's where a lot of adolescence, you know, is really focused, is like, "Who am I as a person? "How can I differentiate myself?" You know, whatever, at least in the Western world. So here, I would say helping teenagers foster their own curiosity, and in particular, you know, they love to learn how their own minds work. And I would even add to that, if there's a pain point, like anxiety, that can be a doorway in that's nonthreatening, 'cause they're hurting, they're looking for that pain reliever, to say, "Oh," you know, "let's help you understand "how your mind works in general, "how everybody's minds work." So, that gives teenagers kind of a window into the world, and then they feel like they're a little more control, 'cause they can see how the world works, but also give them a window into their own minds, and their own anxiety, where they can not only work with their anxiety, but work with themselves, learn how to live happier, healthier lives. So here, I would say helping foster that curiosity, by being truly curious as parents, not always easy to do, but being truly curious, and not jumping to conclusions, might be a really good place to start. Mm, yeah, that's helpful. I mean, I just, at times feel powerless, I can't solve the problem for her, and we're trying to figure out what the best way of communicating with her is. But there's also a lot of hormones going on, like it's a very volatile situation at times, as anybody who's parenting a teenager can probably relate to. Sure. So, I think it's a common thing. Thank you for that. You mentioned at the beginning of the conversation, performance anxiety, and that perhaps we'd pivot back to that. So, maybe we could talk a little bit about that for a few minutes? So, I've gotten so many questions when I do workshops or retreats, or even in our Unwinding Anxiety app, about, you know, "Well, if I'm not anxious, "am I not gonna be able to get through the day "or perform at a meeting or, you know, in music, "or sport or whatever?" And so I went as a researcher, you know, I wanted to actually see what the research shows. And it turns out, I read this very interesting review article from 2015, that's titled something like, you know, "The Yerkes-Dodson Curve: From Legend to Law" or "From Law to Folklore" or something like that. And what this review article highlighted, was that many people have heard of this curve, Yerkes-Dodson law. I don't know if you've heard of it, but it's, okay. Mm mm. So, 1908, these two researchers, Yerkes and Dodson were studying Japanese dancing mice. Don't ask me why Japanese dancing mice, but that where they were studying. And they found, that it was like they were measuring "Goldilocks," for some reason. So, it's like, "I'm going to shock them a little bit, "a medium amount or a lot, "and see how well they perform in a maze," or some measure that they could look at. And of course, you know, if they shock them a medium amount, they did the best. And so they concluded that, you know, a moderate amount of arousal, is gonna help these mice perform well in a maze. Now, I don't know how they would measure things like motivation, 'cause the mouse is like, "Eh," you know, when you shock them a little bit, or they're like, "Dude, that hurt," when you shock them a lot. But anyway, that was 1908. Nobody really paid attention to that paper. It was cited like four times in the next 50 years. Yet this very famous psychologist in the 1950s, Hans Selye, in an address to some conference, he gave a talk where he speculated without any data, that anxiety might help improve performance, in the same way that this arousal piece in Japanese dancing mice did. And then one of his old students took it and ran with it, where he took rats and he used holding their head under water, as the arousal or the stressor. And the longer he held their head under water, the worst they did. And again, I don't know how he accounted for them, like, just catching their breath before swimming, but that was his experiment. And what he did, was that he used the terms anxiety and arousal interchangeably. And he said, you know, "This irrevocably, "or, you know, undeniably, "says that this Yerkes-Dodson law," he called it a law, "was true," okay? So, this sets the stage, you know, still relatively quiet, and then the internet comes along, okay? So, I think it was before the year 1990, this Yerkes-Dodson paper had only been cited 10 times. And then between 1990 and 2000, if I've got this right, it was cited a hundred times. And then between 2000 and 2010, it was cited over a thousand times. And people were writing books about this, and saying, you know, you need to have some anxiety to perform well. Yet this review article also highlighted, when you look at the data, 4% of studies suggested that increased anxiety improved performance, that, you know, "Goldilocks" piece, and 10 times that number, it was over 40%, suggested that there was a direct, inverse relationship, more anxiety equals worse performance, regardless of how much anxiety there is. And you know this yourself, and I think anybody that looks at this, when you're performing your best, you know, you're in flow. I think that that is the optimal performance. And anxiety is not within miles when we're in flow. Yeah, I think that's 100% correct. I mean, first of all, is there a difference between arousal and anxiety? 'Cause I do feel, well let me just say this, part of, like, I sort of self identify with some level of anxiety, as being a precursor to performance. I'll approach a podcast in the same way that I would approach a swim race as a kid. And if I, you know, a little bit of butterflies, like I'm excited, that tells me that I care, that this is important to me, I want it to be good. All of those things are information that help me feel like I'm in the right place at the right time. But if it tips over and it's a little bit too much, suddenly I can't think straight, I can't find the words, or my body isn't doing what my brain tells me to do. And I've often wondered like, is this necessary at all? 'Cause I know, as somebody who's done a little bit of public speaking, more often than not, I get up on stage, and I have tremendous performance anxiety, and I don't deliver on the level that I know I'm capable of. And then every once in a while, like I don't care, or like I'm just super casual about the whole thing, and I go up and I'm very relaxed, and those are always the best performances. So, I think for me, I've spent a lot of time thinking about the story that I've crafted, around that arousal state, and how important it is, when in truth, I'm not sure it's really relevant at all. And perhaps it's undermining me. Yes, and I would agree. And that perhaps it's undermining you, is an experiment that you or anybody, or any of us can do, right? This goes back to something that my old PhD mentor used to say. Lou Muglia, great guy. He used to say, you know, "Jud, is it true and unrelated, "or is there actual causal connection?" And so we can think of performance anxiety, we get anxious, true, we perform well, or you're describing how we might not perform as well as we hope, but let's say we perform well, and then our brain makes this causal inference, that says, "Oh, that anxiety is what made me perform well" when in fact we don't have any causal evidence that that was true. And yet we might even be able to tap into evidence to the contrary, like you're suggesting. When we're relaxed and go into a performance or whatever, we tend to do better. I love, there was a performance at the, was it the 2018 winter Olympics? Chloe Kim, who's a snowboarder on the half-pipe, she rocked it and got the gold medal. And she was just so relaxed when she did it, you know? It was like, "Wow." And I caught her social contagion, when she was doing, you know, I've never snowboarded in my life, but like I could catch that. Or if you look at Usain Bolt, you know, when when he used to be cruising past people, he had this shit eating grin on his face. 'Cause he it's like he's having so much fun, you know? That's when we perform our best. He's connected to the joy. Like the problem that I run into, is that I have a certain level of perfectionism, that works at cross purposes with my goals. And I can be a bit of a control freak, and I'm a grinder. And so to use the podcast as an example, you know, I wanna be as prepared as I can possibly be, and I wanna feel like revved up and excited to go. And if I'm not experiencing that internally, then the story that I tell myself is "You didn't work hard enough," like, "you're not earning this." Like I have to be in some level of pain, you know, that's telling me like, "Okay, you've you've exerted yourself appropriately. "You're rising to the occasion." And it's all bullshit, and I know that, and yet it's so difficult for me to counter program against that. Like, if I just waltzed into this podcast to talk to you, it was like, "Yeah, I didn't really look at his book, "but like, you know, I know I could talk to him, "I've done a bunch of these podcasts, it'll be good," I feel like I'm not doing you an adequate service and I'm not respecting the audience. So, I feel like I need to experience suffering in order for it to be good. And I know intellectually, that those two things don't necessarily calibrate, and yet I'm powerless to change it. So, I think that's a great example that we could use to kind of highlight these aspects of how to change behaviors, whether it's anxiety or anything else. So, for example, if you were unprepared for your podcast, which I've never heard you be, and this is one reason I love talking to you, is- Which is why I continue to do this, because everyone's like, "You're so prepared." So, then I've set the bar at a certain level, right? And I have to live up to that, I put that pressure on myself. And I'll experience shame, if I can't live up to that, Jud, what am I gonna do? So, let me ask you this. When you feel shame or when you have all that anxiety piece, does that actually help you prepare better, versus when you are just truly interested in the subject matter, and you're like, "Oh, this looks like an interesting book"? No, but I will say that, you know, that pressure will get me to do the work, you know, because I want to avoid the sensation of feeling unprepared, because that's very uncomfortable for me. Yeah, yeah, so that's that negative reinforcement. If the behavior is coming unprepared to a podcast, and then you can't really get an in-depth into a conversation, which is I think what you're really great at doing, then that negative reinforcement says, "Ooh, that didn't go so well, "you need to be more prepared next time." Yet here, you can ask yourself, and I'm not trying to give you advice, but I'm just using this as a hypothetical experiment, is, you know, "Okay, so the anxiety helps me prepare." What if you cloned yourself and you prepared through curiosity. Would that get you just as prepared, and would it be less painful in the process? Does that make sense? Yeah, I'm sure it would be. And that would be that new, healthier behavior pattern, that's so uncomfortable, right? And that's the work, but it's not like I wrote performance anxiety down in my notes. Like this was not on the list of things that we were gonna talk about, but this is what's coming up, and this is probably the most fun and the most, you know interesting part of the conversation. So, I have the awareness that when I can let go of what, you know, trying to direct this whole thing, that I make the space for it to be something better than I would have originally anticipated. But that leap of faith, and faith is something you talk about in the book too, like you have to have that kind of faith that there's something better on the other side, if you're willing to like release your hard grip on your way of doing it, because it's the way you've always done it. Well, and I think that's just bringing this to one aspect, I don't think you're naming, so I will name it, which is authenticity and wisdom. So, when we try to control things, we have this closed down view of the world, and we try to, let's say you're doing a podcast, you're trying to force answers, or trying to force a great quippy line or whatever- Because I don't want anyone to find out that I don't know what I'm talking about. Yet, you're a curious, and these podcasts are not about you. This is why I love listening to your podcasts, I'm not just blowing smoke. It's not about you talking about your experience all the time, and letting the guests like say things here and there to support what you think about yourself in the world. This is about you truly being curious and having a really interesting conversation. And you've got the wisdom, from having done this a bunch of times, to know that that always works better than the other alternate. Except I just did make it all about myself for a couple of minutes there. (both laughing) I did, for the record, I made it. As an example. Yeah, but it's instructive for me, because it helps me develop greater self-awareness of the triggers, the behaviors, that are leading me awry, what's beneath the anxiety. Like, if I try to excavate what is driving me to behave in this way, it's that I want to create the best podcast that I can, I wanna equip myself responsibly, I wanna be liked, I want Jud to respect me, I want the audience to receive, you know, there's a lot of like infantile emotions baked into that as well, like, being a people pleaser or what have you, you know, that are also a mountain that I need to climb, in terms of self-esteem et cetera. Yeah, and all of that begins with awareness. You know, it comes back to just being aware of those things. But not just being aware, you know, like you talked about right at the beginning, but being aware and knowing how our minds work. Then it inspires us to climb the mountain, rather than seeing it as a grueling slog. Mm, I wanna round this out in a couple of minutes, but I can't let you go without talking a little bit about breath work, and how breath work can be really beneficial in this process. Sure, so I think there are a gazillion ways to talk about breath work, you know, whether it's yogic or mindfulness or, you know, whatever. But I think of breath work in particular, as helping develop curiosity, where, you know our breathing is generally a neutral object unless we have COPD or some other, you know, asthma or something else that affects our breathing process, where it can, or panic attacks sometimes, that, you know we can associate breathing shallowly and rapidly with anxiety. But the breath is something that we're all doing all the time, unless, you know, bigger problems if we're not. And we can use that as an anchor to keep us in the present moment. So here, I think of helping foster that awareness and curiosity, through something that's neutral and always changing. So, not only can we use curiosity to help us anchor, you know, I like to have, especially students who are just starting meditating or whatever, I have them ask themselves, "Well, how do I know that I'm breathing right now? "Hmm, what's letting me," you know? And so that awakens their curiosity, not like, "Hey, pay attention to your breath," you know, "blah, blah, blah, count to 10," or whatever. "How do you know that you're breathing?" I'm doing this right now. Well, it's my diaphragm, I'm feeling my abdomen stick out. That's what's telling me most prominently right now that I'm breathing. And so that awakens the curiosity. And then we can use that curiosity as an anchor and ask ourselves things like, "Well, what are the sensations, "that are letting me know that I'm breathing as we breathe?" And we can even ask questions, like, "How do I know you know, is this a long breath "or a short breath? "Is it deep or shallow?" 'Cause we don't know what the next breath is going to be. Our body is just doing regulating itself. And so that can foster curiosity. It can also anchor us in the present moment. It can help us see that things are constantly changing. And with that anchor, it can help us start to see when our mind gets lost in a thought pattern. So, for example, related to anxiety we get lost in a thought where we're sucked into it, we're identified with it, we're lost. Well that anchor can, it's like that ship, you know, yanking on the anchor when the winds blow, boom, "Oh, oh, I'm lost." And then we can wake up. Without that anchor, we're just adrift at sea. So, I think of breath work in that way, as one way to help us really start to anchor in the present moment, stay more present, see that things are constantly changing, and also start to see how identified we are, with our thoughts, emotions and body sensations, and start to be able to have a greater perspective where we can observe them. And is there like a specific protocol that you could share with people? Or is it more of just an amorphous paying attention? I think, well there are many different techniques to do this, and each person has to find what works best for them. And out of full disclosure, I spent probably 10 years banging my head against the proverbial wall, trying to focus on my breath. I would even, you know, my first silent meditation retreat, you know, for seven days, right, silence. By day three, I was crying uncontrollably, on the retreat manager's shoulder, because, you know, here it was. So, I could make it through college, I could get into medical school, but I couldn't pay attention to my breath. And so the first thing I would say to people is this is not about that forced, you know, willpower-based paying attention to your breath, which is what I was doing. That not the way to do it. It's really about curiosity. And I would say, you know, finding something that helps us be curious, say, about the breath as an anchor, but we can also use other physical sensations in the body, we can use hearing as a anchor, you know, for some people that's easier. So, finding whatever anchor it is, that helps us be curious, and then, you know, awakening that curiosity, and using that curiosity to explore our own sensations. So, just like I was saying, you know, it could be as simple as "How do you know that you're breathing?" And then, you know, follow your breath and just be curious about when the in breath ends, be curious about how long that pause is, and then be curious about when the out breath starts and when it ends. So, those can be anchor points as we explore, you know, what are these physical sensations, that help us stay present and curious? So, it could be as simple as that, like, having these anchoring questions, that layer on top of this simple but not easy practice of just paying attention, to these changing physical sensations, that let us know that we're breathing. One of the things that I talked with Andrew Huberman, neuroscientist, was the way in which you can use eye movement to kind of essentially like, reset your state. Do you have thoughts on how all of that works? Have you practiced that or studied that at all? I've not practiced or studied it, but I've been at conferences. So, the most common technique that I've seen that's been studied, is EMDR, what is it? Eye movement, desensitization, response or something. Right, like the lateral, is that the lateral eye movement? Yeah, mm hmm. And the idea there that I understand, and so I could be getting this wrong, is that one core aspect of that, is helping people anchor on physical experience. So, when you have somebody move their eyes laterally, from this side, to this side, to this side, they have to focus on doing a task that is physical, and it gets them out of their thinking head, right, into their physical body. And if you think of this, by focusing on something like that, you can take up all of the working memory in your dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, that part's not important, but like in this working memory part of our brain, and kind of reboot the system, because our brains only have a certain amount of working memory, a certain amount of RAM so to speak. So we can use things like EMDR, or other eye movement techniques, but you can even think of this more broadly. One practice related to the breath that I love, in particular, is called the five finger breathing. I love this in particular, because people can teach it to their young kids, and then have their kids walk them through it when they're anxious. And the idea is to just add, you know, take the index finger of one hand, and place it at the base of the pinky on the other hand. And then as they breathe in, feel the physical sensations of their breath and their fingers, and look at their fingers at the same time, pause at the top, as they breathe out, trace down the inside of their pinky, as they breathe in, trace up the outside of their ring finger, you know, and down. So, for example, if you make five full breaths, you've traced your whole hand. If you do 10, you can trace back from your thumb to your pinky. And what that does is it takes up a lot of working memory, 'cause we're paying attention, we're seeing, we're feeling three different aspects of our experience, you know, two fingers and our breath, and that reboots the whole working memory system. And at the same time, paying attention to breathing, often helps regulate our physiology where it calms down. So, if those worry thoughts come back in, they actually need a level of arousal that meets them, We're used to being worried and feeling worried, you know, thinking worried, feeling worried. Well, if we're thinking worried and we're not feeling worried, that body is gonna say, "Hey, that's just a thought," and we can identify and let go of thoughts more easily because there's a mismatch between the arousal. So, and it's the physical body that drives experience and behavior, more than thinking brain. So, that one's gonna win, if we can really help regulate that physiology. It's so crazy that these, I mean, it's so simple that it's like, "Okay, breathe, "and like, look at your fingers," and you can have like such a powerful impact on the mind. There's so much- Yeah, it's called science, If we actually understand how it works. (laughs) Final thing, I mean, there's so much interesting science that's occurring right now, in the study of the mind and the brain, and yet so much of it remains unmapped. There's so much that we still are grappling with trying to understand. From your perspective, like, what is the study, that you would like to see performed, that has yet been performed, that would help elucidate, you know, a lot of the things that you are curious about? Well, there are a gazillion things that I'm curious about, yet one thing that really interested in, is this idea of personalized medicine, right? This has been a buzz word in medicine for a long time and it hasn't really yet come to fruition, where, you know, the idea would be to take somebody's genes, and all these, you know, their environment and behavior, and find what medication works best for them, or tailor a medication to them. If you approach that same personalized medicine, away from the taking a pill perspective, which is where I focus more, the idea here is can we actually personalize medicine through understanding someone's habitual reactions to their world? And we did one pilot study that gave us some really interesting data, that says to me that this is possible, where we can actually take a, what we're calling a psychological phenotype, of asking people just 19 questions, at baseline before they start a program, and we can predict who's gonna do better, than somebody else, and with a pretty striking result. And so what my next experiment, that I wanna do, is to do this at scale, where we really look at, you know, is there a way to simply and cheaply get a sense, at least for somebody's anxiety profile, let's say, and can we use that as a way to not only determine who's gonna do best with our Unwinding Anxiety app, but also ask, "Well, why are the people "that aren't doing well," and this is fortunately a small minority, but the folks that are not doing well, why aren't they doing well? And what do we need to do to help them do better? Because I'm sure you can relate to this, I'm always looking like, how can I do better? You know? (laughs) How can I help my patients more? How can we do research that helps people at a broader level in the population? Right, well, that's a lot of bold aspiration, you know? I'm still hung up on the fact that 200 million plus people are suffering from anxiety right now. There is so much suffering that's occurring right now, and it's encouraging and hopeful to, you know, hear about the solutions that you're working on. So, I applaud you for the work that you do. So much respect for your field, and you're a servant to humankind, Jud, thank you. Appreciate you. Well, thank you, thank you. I feel like my anxiety has been unwinded as a result of this hour and a half. You have succeeded at doing what you do best, my friend. All right. I feel good. Success! Cool, so, the new book is called "Unwinding Anxiety," of course. Jud also has these amazing apps, if you're struggling with everything from quitting smoking to trying to ameliorate your anxiety, Crave to Quit is the one app that you still have, right? And you have an Unwinding Anxiety app, which is really kind of a compendium piece to the to the book itself, right? And if you wanna learn more about Jud, drjud.com. Anything else coming up that you want to alert people to, other than the new book? I think that's it, you know, folks who are on Twitter, they can hit me up on Twitter @JudBrewer. But other than that, I think the Dr. Jud website's got it all. I'll just mention, we've got a bunch of free resources on the website as well. So, if anybody's just looking to learn a little bit more about their habits or how their minds work, you know, I love to put together short animations that describe these things in simple terms. That's one of my challenges and passions. And so if folks are interested in those things, take a look. And in particular, I would say I'm really proud of this very short two minute animation that we put together with Share Care, that talks about spreading kindness virally, as compared to fear. So, if anybody's interested in checking that out, there's this, you can probably find it on my Twitter feed, or also on my Dr. Jud website. Cool, we'll link that up in the show notes as well. Perfect. Awesome. How do you feel? I'm well. You don't feel anxious, do you? No, this is great, I feel energized. Cool, well, hopefully at some point in the not too distant future, we'll get together for a run and a surf out here, have you back on the show, you're welcome any time. So, thank you again. That would be awesome. Thank you. Peace, plants.

  Top Comments:
  1. @amaliachifa2406 [1 likes]: I think my favorite episode so far. Watched it twice. Thanks a lot both of you for spreading wisdom.
  2. @pordammosi4833: Anyone with heavy mind heavy heart 🥺 9/12/2025

Panic attack auuuccckkss😭
  3. @boursitocard: Interviewer takes too much place
  4. @asap2479: Listening to this gave me anxiety.
  5. @cvuadvisorsinc.3548: Half Measures avail us nothing and not Self Awareness
  6. @ralphmoore9422: Ouch , I’ll stay on the East Coast,Thank you!
  7. @jannimushi4890: God inspired this man to help us face climate change.
  8. @monikapandey8792: Life is simple we just complicate  in our head..just like 5 fingers  breathing..but we need to practice  it..otherwise  we will complicate  it wd our cerebral  activity..which is more compulsive  than conscious 😇
  9. @janeeni: Great conversation.
But really - isn't curiosity quite different from SEEKING behaviour???? It seems the heroin analogy is referring to SEEKING not a type of curiosity at all... Curiosity is open, no destination, no desire or attachment... Its open inquiry
  10. @karenishness1: THERE IS A PERSONAL MEDICINE KNOWN AS UT.   IT'S DESCRIBED IN A BOOK CALLED "YOUR OWN PERFECT MEDICINE" BY MARTHA CHRISTIE.   IT HAS BEEN AROUND 6000+ YEARS.    MANY MEDICINES (DRUGS) ARE MADE FROM IT.
  11. @jDTo0: Amazing talk. I will look up some of the mentioned tools and hopefully they will help me too. Thank you!!!!
  12. @kkpaine: We need to look at FMT as a modality when addressing deep trauma patterns affecting microbiome.  
Rich, consider Dr. Sabine Hazan  for interview. “Refloralization” needs bottom up pressure for medical  acceptance.
  13. @brandnewyorker: Thank You 🙏
  14. @drewa1999: Excellent insights! Mother's little helper came out in the mid 60's though, not 80's...
  15. @WeekendMuse: Helpful podcast with practical tips to deal with anxiety. I enjoyed the long format that allowed for both the host and the guest to talk in a conversation without feeling rushed by time. Well done to both.
  16. @jdt8983: I have a fear of breathing.  I die like 8 times a day
  17. @anastasiaudnikova6863: I love the five fingers breathing technique! Great podcast! Thank you so much!
  18. @jasonfella265: Pretty good interview, although I did cringe a bit when Rich used the word "irregardless"
  19. @ilove-o5z4p: How do we get the app ?
  20. @Kimba911911: OMG, those rat experiments were terrible!  And they were so not needed for this mostly otherwise beneficial subject.  Smh…

- 5 Ways to Cope with Recession Anxiety | Behind the Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] welcome back to the behind the well show it's Roger able here with Elias Randle Elias how are you doing today awesome could it be better how's it going that's your typical response I'm great I'm doing good it's a Friday when we're filming this show getting ready for a nice weekend um I was planning on going south on the Lake of the Ozarks but let me tell you what the expected temperatures are for Saturday and Sunday 103 105 and 105 ouch which means that's a straight up no-go for me to go hang out uh at the lake what are your plans we can Elias probably stay in the air conditioning or swim in my pool it's not gonna be that hot here though right yeah we have over 100 heat index day coming up yep well I've got used to except been down to Missouri and we've had like 10 of them down there but uh you know I think that it's funny those heat days give my wife lots of anxiety about having the girls outside and how hot it is and what time of day we get to be out I don't know if your wife's like that but you know we can't be out between like 10 and 2 on the hot days oh no but we use sunscreen I mean my kids are lathered in sunscreen All Summer Long Eli my kids are the ones that go to the swimming pool with uh we have the stick with the white under their eye good they look like a ghost I have the my kids are on the sun probably more than anybody but they're still like extremely light-skinned right now because yeah it's 50 and 70 all day long well they need the especially little kids they need the sunscreen yeah I wear sunscreen all summer and I get fairly tanned but you know what I don't like I don't like getting sunburned well so I always wear I always wear sunscreen if I'm in the Sun I do now after some of the friends I've had that have had some skin issues in the last two or three years it's kind of the wake-up call for me I love to fish and I'm on the water a lot and two people I know in the fishing world I've had some major issues with their their skin from the Sun so it's kind of the wake-up call for me I used to be the guy that would never wear any sunscreen I think that was our generation I don't think my parents like sunscreen well I guess if you want to but all the way through college I was boating with my family in high school and we just went out and got fried yeah see I don't like when you lay down to go to sleep at the end of the night and then it just feels like your skin is on fire I do not like that that only happens that always happened to me one time a year and then after that it was just we're good but I know that anxiety with a lot of parents in the sunscreen is a kind of a real deal but um one of the things we thought we'd talk about today are five ways to cope with the recession anxiety which we're starting to hear a lot of talk about but what's interesting is the last five or six days the markets have been really kind of positive they have and there's been a little more positive Trends I guess um I'm not going to call a call a bottom or anything like that but I'm hoping between some of the positive Trends we're seeing and then I know at least an hour local economy it seems like inflation's starting to kind of get under control so I'm not feeling as negative as I was at one point during the year I think there's actually some more positive news to be had right now well I mean if you really think about what's really bad in the world right now it's inflation that's it well wages have gone up with it too most people during covid a lot of people Prosper during covid it's not like we have a bunch of homes being foreclosed on or you know the.com bubble people keep saying there's bubbles we're yet to see it I mean let's think about what really happened the s p went down what mid 20s 20 percent 21 22 23 percent from top to bottom somewhere in there right but there was certainly like in high flying growth stocks there was certainly a bubble in areas like that well for sure but if you think about a pullback of 20-ish percent that's not really the end of the world it's probably healthy from where we actually came from well yeah just think if we had another year on let's say we had another 2021 this year and then next year the market goes down like 30 or 40 percent so that would probably be more painful you'll probably appreciate this you know if you told someone they were going to make seven or eight percent going into 2022 so before this year happened they would probably be disappointed with that off of what they've had the last 10 years right they're used to double mid double digit returns so I think that people also need to remember that if you've been invested in the last 10 years you've had probably a lot of those years double-digit returns and you've enjoyed a lot of great years at some point we're not going to have a great year I've I've always prep people that I work with I said here's a deal at some point your account's going to go down in value I just don't know when I don't know what it'll be but it will it's it's assured it's going to go down at some point in value I just don't know when then apparently this year's the when the good news is the year's not over yet although one thing I noticed a lot of the analysts are starting to cut their year-end price Target for the S P 500 to kind of bring it back into line with where we are in the markets but at the end of this is reasonable I was listening to a Blog or a podcast uh earlier this week and they were talking about the accuracy of all of these price targets 90 of the time they're all wrong and this is all just pure conjecture prediction nobody knows and that's true in our business that's true and Athletics it's true in any business where people predict things for outcomes it's no one's accurate at it like the best people making predictions it's like 50 50. well that's a coin flip if you think about CNBC which that's what I like to watch I enjoy watching CNBC during the day all day it's basically people coming on giving their opinion and predicting what's going to happen and if it'd be curious if someone just go back through like a week of predictions on CNBC and see how random they all are they're all over the board yeah you get the whole spectrum of opinions on there so how do people you know I think that gives people anxiety and I'm not really going off our outline right here but I'm just thinking about what creates anxiety for people and it's uncertainty going into this year people felt really good consumer confidence was high people were positive on the stock market now people think it's just the sewer they don't want anything to do with the stock market like this is the worst thing ever but they forgot about all this wealth they built to last 10 years if they stayed invested in it and I heard a good quote that everybody's a long-term investor until they see short-term losses where did you where did you hear that I don't remember where I was listening to it but it was a good it was a very very good Insight everybody's a long-term investor until they start to see some short-term losses yeah well I'll make a here's a prediction I'll predict that people that people that utilize successful investing behavior and they don't make their investing and how they do it like emotional or chasing Trends and chasing returns and all this I'll predict that people that stick to the basics and the fundamentals on the other side of the spare Market will will do better than their peers as investors I'm sure of that so there's there's a bold prediction for you I mean think about times of volatility we've all seen the charts where if you miss out on the best 10 days or 20 days or 30 days in an investment cycle how much I mean if you miss on like the 30 best days I want to say you lose like 80 percent of the actual upside of the market when do the best days come during the most dirt no during the most volatility yes so the most volatile times when are people when do people feel the most anxiety about investing when the Market's very valid this year a year and this is when they lose the stomach for it the good news is I don't think we've had anybody in our sphere of people we work with jump out of the market yeah we've been able part of it is they're not allowed to I mean we'll let them if they want to but they know they know that we're not for that but here's what the other thing that's really interesting I think about this bear Market compared to past even 2018 you know that wasn't a bear Market but that fourth quarter the s p was down like 18 people today I feel like even though this is like the worst start to the stock market one of the worst starts ever I don't feel like people are panicking I think people have gotten used to the volatility like that oh yeah well and they just saw covid which was way worse than this they just saw that they saw their account bounce back so you know how we talk about recency bias well their recency bias is oh this is not I mean this isn't fun no big deal it'll come back where I always wonder if we didn't have that coveted downturn where they saw their account balance go down 40 percent what would their reaction be today meaning if we don't have the code if we don't have the covet downturn and then we still have the same Market in 2021 yep so no covet downturn Market's clicking along so this year is the first time they've had a bear Market since 2008-9 so they want 13 years without any significant pain yeah so you're saying it's like a warm-up bear Market it was a warm-up that's exactly what it was that's actually let's do that like every five years no but think about it if you think about how people operate off their recency biases and all the other things in life that's exactly what it was I I'm sure if we didn't have covid I'm sure there would be way more investor Panic about what's going on today than what really is I mean most of the people you talk to are pretty calm and they're okay with it that Wall Street Journal article you referenced in the last podcast or last show where investors like well why wouldn't I I'm buying it at a discount people didn't say that during the financial crisis I'll never forget I had a I had a client that I inherited back in uh in 2009 I'll never forget this conversation I inherit it from a other advisor and he had a he had had a variable annuity that he purchased back in like 1989 and had a death benefit on it and it was one of these that didn't exist and he called me up older gentleman and he goes hey Raj do we need to go to cash should we cash out I'm like well I don't think so why why do you want to know like what's your concern he goes well I'm not sure I'll ever live to see the money back and I said well you know what Ron you don't have to because he had a death benefit on his annuity contract but that con that conversation resonated with me like he was ready to bail out of the market and multiple people wanted to bail out of the market in 0809 I haven't got that call this year like literally I haven't got the call this year that says hey do you think we should get out of the market yeah yeah we've had some people ask about changing their allocation should I become more conservative and stuff like that but I don't yeah I personally haven't fielded any go to cash calls so from anybody we're going to coin the phrase the warm-up bear Market that's exactly what covet was for us there he goes a warm-up bear market and really if you think about this year here's maybe another reason this could be another reason people aren't worried or maybe that's our perception because of the clients we work with and just our day-to-day operations but who does this really even matter for it matters for the it probably matters for someone who didn't have enough cash in their portfolio or didn't have a distribution strategy but anyone working and still accumulating I mean what's the bet what is bad in the equity markets cooling off for a while for your long-term returns because the lower really the lower they go the higher the prospect is for long-term returns of the new dollars you're putting in if you have shares that you own if you've done any significant planning it's probably not affecting you and it shouldn't so do you think do you think this environment that there's just do you think there's more even retail clients engaging in financial planning with fine there has to be more now than there was 20 years ago 29 of people have a financial plan that's it that's got to be more than it was in 2001. so here's what's interesting about that 29 it's almost exactly the amount of people that feel confident with where they're going financially so three out of ten people three out of ten people feel good about where they're going financially and three out of ten people have done a financial plan that's probably yeah pretty probably just accurate pretty interesting correlation it's why we talk to people hey and then we should and I don't know the numbers of how many people do this themselves versus um have an advisor and we talked about this on our radio show you know we've been doing that radio show for 14 years and we talked about this on Tuesday night that if you're a do-it-yourselfer and you actually went out and built our technology stack so you went out and bought the exact technology we have you wouldn't be you wouldn't be a do-it-yourselfer because it'd be cost prohibitive for the amount of money we spend on an annual basis for financial planning technology to get to the results we give to people you wouldn't be a do-it-yourselfer that's one the second part is if you went out and built that technology stack the problem is you'd actually have to learn how to use that technology stack because if you enter two things in wrong it doesn't matter it's garbage right you're spitting out garbage so the people that actually you know right and if you don't know enough you wouldn't even a lot of times if we make a mistake on data entry there's something that we're like okay this doesn't make sense well you have to have a certain amount of knowledge to realize when something doesn't make sense and here's the other thing about the do-it-yourselfer they think the only thing that matters is fun performance and expense ratios yeah that's it right it's not relevant it's only relevant to your situation if you can't quantify what you need you're literally putting yourself into the bull's-eye I would guess the people that feel the most anxiety about a recession about the bear Market or do it yourselfers they won't admit that just like the Gambler they only tell you when they win they never tell you how much they lose well yeah and you only hear about their trades that they that you only hear about their trades that are a triple or home run they don't talk about their trades that are singles and then the trades where they strike out no one talks about that you know I haven't heard anybody given any investment advice recently you know people that aren't financial advisors last year you were taking advice from the painter no bag on painters just saying like they're not financial advisors oh I heard that XYZ cryptocurrencies going to the Moon that's not happening today yeah I was here's another thing I've seen about Elias I guess this turned into just my random thoughts of the day but all the stuff we've seen on social media the past two years where I went from hey I'm going to show you how to make a hundred percent return today we did that that maybe Molly could go back and pull it but we pulled that Tick Tock video it was some option strategy I'm not hearing anything about that anymore that's over all the crypto stuff not hearing anything about that that's over all the easy money you know the other thing I was watching on Tick Tock and this makes me wonder if this is maybe the next shoe to drop is the last like 18 to 24 months you've seen this Resurgence of all of the systems to like buy rental properties and rent them out and I watched a video and it was like five guys sitting there and maybe I can find it and it's like real estate Port and they're all guys like our age real estate portfolio seven million you know caption underneath and then the next guy it was like Oh Real Estate portfolio 25 million the next guy is like real estate 45 million and the next guy was like real estate portfolio 450 million baller I'm like it's not that easy like they have to be completely leveraged that's what I was just thinking is okay that's great you if let's say you own seven million of real estate well if the bank owns four of those million then who cares it's not like the bank owns all of those Millions because if you've watched them that's a nice deal for the bank I mean okay we've all watched Grant Cardone he's a great salesman but he doesn't own his house he tells you right out he doesn't own his house because he doesn't want tied up Equity he rents but they look at that as oh well I have a property worth a hundred thousand I've wanted for I bought it for a million now it's worth a million five so what do they do they suck at all the equity and buy another one they're just leveraging oh what if they can't afford that is that the next shoe to drop is this like all these highly leveraged people because they went out and watched a video on you know Tick Tock or whatever like it's cool though in real estate which real estate's been a great investment over time like it's been great but leverage isn't always good I think Dave Ramsey was in the real estate business he was like a millionaire 24. oh yeah by the way we need to pay those notes in 90 days and they called in all of his notes and guess what he went bankrupt that's how Dave Ramsey started teaching people about finances and how to be successful yeah and I don't think um you know I don't think the takeaway from this conversation should be that we don't think real estate is a good wealth building tool but in my mind I'd rather be i instead of being the guy that has 7 million or 10 million dollars of Real Estate personally I'd rather have like a five million dollar stock portfolio and three or four million of real estate or even five million of real estate like to me that's a diversified approach where you're owning different asset classes which is much more prudent in wealth building than saying oh I just have this or I just had that and no means do the fundamentals in my opinion don't support any like housing collapse I just think of when everybody thinks it's easy is it really that easy and then maybe it's just a tick the finance is not easy in general and here's the other thing Elias once again it's just a tick tock video so who knows what they really have it could just be like uh the ultimate Flex yeah like it all could be made up so it goes back to where do you concern consume your information which I don't put any Credence into that just got me thinking like really all these 40 year olds five guys that know each other and they're all have you know these giant real estate portfolios and I'm watching all this stuff online about hey buy real estate XYZ this is how you do it it reminds me of 0708 remember in 07 and 08 when there was like 30 different home flipping shows on TV yes I do remember the popularity of that I mean it was all home and then guess what happened that's over nobody flipped the house for years there's still some isn't there isn't there some house flipper shows not like back then there was because I watched them I mean you know you'd watch me like man those guys just made a hundred thousand dollars like having everybody else do the work yeah well those shows are trash because they don't show you they started a project and then they go to a commercial break and then they come back and the whole remodel is done they don't show you the 15 carpenters and the eight electricians and the whole crew of people and how long it actually took them to do the work so yeah it makes it look glorious right oh that's great I can remodel my whole house in a weekend no you can't we know all about it we do it nice because we do it twice yeah it's the motto yeah but so there's a study from magnify money uh that found 70 of Americans believe in economic downturn is on the way and I don't know what you think about that of course there's going to be some type of economic downturn we're raising interest rates that's what we're trying to do I mean the Federal Reserve is not making this a secret they are literally telling people we want to slow the economy but that doesn't mean it's this cataclysmic event happening um 61 of respondents indicated seeing signs of economic downturn housing and rent prices um you know what's interesting about that Elias is the housing market in general is slowing the number of new new home built new home starts existing home sales but actually prices last month held steady and actually ticked up a little bit so that's it's interesting because there's less inventory less buyers but guess what prices stayed the same and actually ticked up a little bit yeah I would I mean bar I think barring like a big crisis in the banking or Mortgage business home prices are fairly sticky I mean if you can afford if you can afford your house payment and you don't have to move and you're not being foreclosed on what's your incentive to sell for less than you bought it for you're not going to so here's what's going to take a loss on a perfectly good house here's a two number here's a few numbers you need to know and people keep saying is this 07 this is so eight you know 0.708 in 2008 there were 11 million 11 million adjustable rate mortgages today there's one million that's the thing you sent me did you send me an article about that I remember reading about it I did yeah so after I read that I was like this here just shows there should be there's very low probability of something crazy like that the only way at this point that you're gonna see this massive price reduction in housing is it people start losing their jobs well then you look at the unable and this is why I said earlier in the show I don't think there's the Econo the numbers there to have this huge housing crisis unemployment right now is 3.6 percent hasn't changed we're historical lows for unemployment although I did listen to and here's the only thing we're 3.6 but there are companies that have basically started saying we are not going to continue to hire we're laying people off and remember how we talked about like eight months ago the great resignation where people were just quitting their job and switching because you could that's over that's yeah it's changing that's over that's changing yeah I don't know I mean even if there was like in our local Market even if we had some layoffs I just don't I don't see people losing their home especially when there's there's still jobs available you might have to go work a job you don't want to have for a while but I can I know for a fact right now like if I if I were to not have a job well there's I can go drive something I could go make pizza at one of the gas stations I could go work at a fast food place like there's there's a lot better options than just giving up your house and most people especially around the Midwest and where we come from they're not going to give up their house just because they need to go find some employment they may not want for a while McDonald's you make forty thousand dollars working at a McDonald's dude and I like to cook I would honestly probably like working there I probably would could you imagine Brian french fries and cooking cheeseburgers all day I would probably like doing that you'd be good at the fries I'd be good at all because I like to cook you gained 27 pounds you're like oh let me test the fries and make sure they're okay dude within six months I would probably gain 30 pounds at least oh I could never work in a kitchen because I'd be the guy I want to make sure it all tastes right and that's just my way to snack all day long oh yeah let me check that primer probably that's great um but a couple things here's here's some things and how people are actually preparing for a recession um 62 percent of respondents are cutting back on spending and we brought this up on our on our uh radio show the other night in cutting back on spending doesn't mean they're necessarily cutting back but it could be the shift from I'm buying the brand name product and I'm going to the generic uh I don't remember who I was talking to and I don't typically pay attention to prices at the grocery store but someone I was talking to is buying ibuprofen and they looked at brand name ibuprofen and the generic ibuprofen exactly the same ingredient half the price and this person was always a brand name buyer they went to the generic so spending less or cutting back just means hey maybe I'm not buying As Nice of stuff my wife likes the Oasis hummus have you ever had Oasis hummus I don't know maybe it's the greatest hummus ever made okay it's awesome it's 10 bucks for like a 16 ounce deal you could buy the Sabra for like three so people could stop buying the nice hummus and go to the less expensive hummus that's it all tastes the same no it does not all things Elias that's one of those things I'm pretty sure it's not made in the same facility and repackaged it is significantly better good it's actually worth in my opinion the X the extra money um 39 of people are starting to stick to a budget 26 Center building an emergency fund and 24 are working a side gig the side gig sticks out to me they're probably working a side gig because prices are higher and they don't want to adjust their lifestyle good I mean that's a good good strategy if you're in that situation Elias how much cash do you think experts say you need to write out a recession I have my own opinion on this but what's your belief so I think in general in general I think like a six to 12 months of income is a good emergency fund to replace your income but we do have some notes here about what experts uh what experts say and this is from CNBC so they're saying dual income families should have at least three months of living expenses single earners six plus months entrepreneurs one year and retirees one to three years of cash I think all those are in line with some of I think those are all good pieces of advice you think about an entrepreneur you own your own business and okay and entrepreneur is going to know their business better than anyone right so if it's if you can have monster years and then a year that's not as good and things like that well then you can start to decide you know is a year of cash enough or maybe it's two depending on the nature of your business and how your business would perform in a recession uh because there are there there are businesses that benefit from recessions there's two things that stick out to me here one the retiree reserves of one to three years of expenses in cash It lines up with exactly what we do in the bucket strategy that's exactly what we do just make sure we have enough money so we don't have to sell in a bear Market yeah there may there's going to be changes in the portfolio but what we don't want to do is just cut a branch off the apple tree and stop producing apples the other thing that sticks out to me and maybe I need to adopt this I've never thought about the emergency fund in the context of dual income families and single earners I've always just say let's have six months of savings and it it makes sense because if you're a single learner you don't have anybody else to lean back on in six months you probably can get on your feet at least in that dual income family the likelihood of both people losing the job at the same time unless they work at the same place is less likely and then there's two if if it does happen you have two people job searching so the odds are higher that one person's gonna at least find something so I think that's interesting because I've never thought about that emergency fund in the context of a dual income versus a single earner earn a household so that's a good advice I do I do think this dual income family at least three months of living expenses and I get the what you know all the points we just talked about I do think that's a little conservative though for me personally I like to have more cash than that we always talk about six months that's a reasonable amount that I like too people only complain about cash and the markets are great for 10 years whenever they're bad they're really happy they have their cash or like Jonas in our office would say they have that second spare tire you you always need a second spare tire so Elias there's really five ways that we've identified that that you could try to kind of cope with recession anxiety the first way is narrow your focus and I'm gonna change the wording of this just get a media filter don't worry about the things you can't control and just tune out all the noise around you so I have this was a good um I have a good talking point for this and I wanted to bring it up on the show today this was we're always going to have distractions I was thinking about this this morning when I was getting ready for work we're always going to have distractions so if we didn't have a bear market and inflation and potential recession this year you know what we would have had a lot more talk about the midterm elections and people would have been worried well if this happens I'm worried the Market's going to take if that happens I'm worried the Market's going to tank so it's like this negativity does your distraction does your whatever you want to call it but if it's not one thing it's gonna be another so getting to a point where you just don't even consider the things you can't control it is I think it's beneficial for your overall well-being that's actually really good Insight I'm a thankful person you know the other thing that probably would happen we'd still have the hairy dense of the world telling us how the Market's gonna go down to 80 because they have to be a hero he would be going off you know I just read a do you watch Graham Stefan still um no I haven't watched Graham for a long time okay so he just did a video on uh Michael burry you know how he's short of the market and he's he's right now well he went back and Michael burry in 2016 and if you don't know who Michael burry is he came to Fame in the movie The Big Short he famously shorted the housing market he's two years early but he was right well since 2016 he said we're going to have a world financial crisis and World War III well that was wrong he's predicted a downturn in the market for the last six years so it took him six years to be right so I don't consider that being right he's not right if you predict it long enough you're going to be right just like I'm going to predict the Market's going to go up and I'll be right sometime I just don't know when but I feel like these guys just want to be heroes like they want to say hey I predicted that it was going to go down well I know well one Michael Berry's running a fund right so he's trying to get flows into his fund and guys like Harry Dunn are selling books he wants to sell books and subscriptions to his newsletter that's what he sells he has to sell books because he couldn't run a fund yeah let's just flat out the fact um to meet with a financial advisor we got to hit this earlier 54 of us adults said they were somewhat anxious about their finances but that percentage drops to 46 if they actually have a financial advisor so one of the things we talk about with people is just how do we make you feel better when you leave it may not be the what you want to hear when you come here right you could run a plan for somebody and the result isn't what you wanted to hear but you might feel better because you know and you know what changes you have to make in your life no one feels good if you tell them that to spend 20 less to make it work like that's emotions they don't feel good but mentally they're like well at least I know how many people are in retirement they're like man I don't know what I can spend it just paralyze them they do nothing plenty of people most yep three do a worst case scenario that's basically running a Monte Carlo analysis stress test your financial plan find out what the worst case scenario is for your circumstance and then if you can live with the worst case scenario okay but I don't know how someone would do a worst case scenario without a planner I would want to see what the worst case scenario is I mean I don't know what the validity would be or how you right how would you even come to a worst case scenario for yourself without some sort of technology or a way to factor variance or even a way to Model A worst case scenario how do you do it I'm sure there's some really smart people that could build a their own computer model to do it but for 99 of the people out there you're going to have to rely on somebody else to do it and that's why we set the web website up if somebody wants help you know looking at their worst case scenario you can go to btwallshow.com and click get started we're happy to help for Elias this is just in anything when you're feeling anxious just take a moment take a breath you know if you're sitting there and you're worried about the stock market's doing and you just got done watching CNBC and all the world Gloom and doomers are on there just take a breath it's gonna be okay the Sun is going to come up in the East it's going to set in the west it's going to be a new day tomorrow I've I've had this thing for a long time it's Never As Good As It Seems and it's never as bad as it seems It's Always Somewhere In The Middle and I I've actually implemented this especially this year because there's been certain you know I've considered buying some different funds and things that I haven't bought in the past just because just like everyone else oh it's down it's really down in Valley I wonder if that can make a comeback and we get we're just inundated with emails of ideas and you know watching CNBC all the time and staying up on the news but I implemented a rule that I'm at least if I think it's a good idea I'm gonna wait at least 24 hours and I haven't implemented any crazy ideas this year because I have a time barrier that I'm not going to act on anything and I just I it after I give it some time I decide you know what I know what I'm doing is going to work I'm not going to Buck the system now I think the 24-hour rule is really good so I use that for a long time I use the 24-hour rule of spending and here's how I did it and I like them I'm shocked to hear that I like to buy toys so this is back I had originally set up an ing orange savings account back in 2002 when I started working and that was pretty like Cutting Edge to be Banking online but they were paying 5.75 interest in the savings account I'm like this is awesome it's in 2002 2003. so I'd keep majority of my money there and I'll never forget this in 2010 or 11 I still was using it but I think at that time it then converted to Capital One 360. so Capital One 360 was ing Orange Savings okay and I wanted this new ice fishing depth finder it was like a thousand bucks 700 bucks somewhere in there and I kept most of my money in ing three years in a row I drove down to Shields I'm like I'm gonna go buy that depth finder I went looked at it like man I gotta go transfer the money so I drive home I never by the time I thought about transfer the money I forgot about that depth finder three years before I actually bought it but I think that I don't see you taking three years to make a purchase well because I don't utilize that account anymore it's just too easy I can slide the car but I promise I mean you think about most people their purchases their decision making the things they do in life if they just said unless it's like I have to have it to survive today I'm gonna wait 24 hours before I do anything it removes all of the emotion lets you really sink in what you're doing yeah take a moment I like to take a moment I like your Insight there lies and number five expand your frame of reference when the market sells off and everything looks really bad just remember you're a long-term investor it doesn't matter what happened yesterday or today you know we had someone the other day asking if we should wait to invest the money to get a better entry point and I said but I don't know if there will be a better entry point there might be likely will be but I don't know and in 10 or 15 years whether you bought the S P 500 at 39.50 or 3800 that one deposit is not going to make a difference it won't and the other thing I like about expanding your frame of reference and the notes that uh it notes like charts of the week and charts of the day and there's no I just want everyone to understand there's no single indicator of market movement that exists if there was everyone would use it so but if you can do all those things help your perception and your understanding of the of the environment and what's going on yes they do but that's how all that information should be used to to gain perception not to make um not to make long-term investing decisions yeah that that's very very good Insight Elias I want to thank you for today we had a good show in the closing remarks um nope I've said I've I've had all the Insight that I can handle today from myself so with that said I want to thank everybody for listening if you're looking for some help you can go to btwellshow.com click get started thank you

- How To Stop Financial Anxiety And Start Trusting God: Kind: captions Language: en You've probably heard it a thousand times. God will provide. And that's true. But if that's all it took to silence your financial anxiety, you wouldn't feel this constant pressure. Yes, God provides. But if you don't deal with the worry, the fear, and the mental exhaustion, you will always live like your life is lacking. If you don't get this right, you'll continue to show up at church lifting your hands, but secretly living in survival mode. You'll trust God with your eternity, but not with your expenses. And you'll miss the supernatural peace that comes from living under his rule and not your own. In this video, I'm going to walk you through what Jesus says about money, worry, and provision, and show you powerful mindsets that would allow you to cast your cares, take hold of peace, and finally stop letting finances control your faith. Most people try to fix their financial anxiety by fixing their finances. You think, "If I get a bigger paycheck, if I save a little more, if I get out of debt, then I'll finally feel peace." We treat provision like it's a math problem, like it's an equation to solve. And we act like worry is something normal that we always have to live with. So, let's see what God says in Matthew 6:25. It says that is why I tell you not to worry about everyday life whether you will have enough food and drink or enough clothes to wear. Here we see that Jesus is challenging us. He says that the anecdote to worry is not more money. It's a shift in perspective. So God offers us a chance to look at our finances with a fresh new perspective. In verse 26 he says, "Look at the birds. They don't plant or harvest or store food in barns. For your heavenly father feeds them. Aren't you more valuable to him than they are? In other words, God has built in everything in creation to sustain life and to take care of those birds and the fish, but also to take care of us. The birds don't have retirement plans and they're not worried about inflation, but yet God takes care of them beautifully and consistently. What makes us think that he'll forget about us? And I love this part in verse 27. It says, "Can all of your worries add a single moment to your life?" And the answer is no. Worry doesn't extend our life. In fact, it drains it. In fact, worry when we hold it in our bodies. It causes disease, disease, it causes anxiety. It causes all of these things because we were not meant to carry financial anxiety. God is showing us that our financial peace does not come from what we have or what we don't have. It should come from him. It should come from the perspective of knowing that God sees us. He loves us and that he is going to provide for us. If you want to overcome financial anxiety, don't just pray for more provision. Pray that God would open your eyes so that you can see the heavenly perspective, the heavenly point of view that God will provide, that God takes care of us. Because until your perception shifts, your financial peace will always be temporary and based on what you have and your circumstances. Before we go any further, I created a guide of biblical affirmations, particularly ones that you can speak over your finances and over your peace of mind. And that is available for you at the link in the description below. Here's the second shift I want you to make. You have access to abundance. In verse 31, Jesus says, "So don't worry about these things, saying, "What will we eat and what will we drink and what will we wear?" The word worry in its original form means to be mentally distracted. Think of it like your thoughts are being pulled in a million different directions. And that's exactly what it feels like when you're worried about what you don't have and and and you don't have enough and you're trying to figure out who to pay what to whom. That is what God is expressly telling us not to do. He doesn't want us to be mentally distracted. That push and that pull that we feel that's that's the the dichotomy between faith and fear. We we want to believe God. We want to trust God, but we looking at we don't have enough. And so we go back and forth. That is the mental distraction of worry. And that's why it feels so exhausting. It divides our attention and our energy and our peace. So purpose in your heart that you're not going to let your inner man, your your thoughts and your mind and your emotions be ruled by worry. Again, Jesus is telling us to let that go. He already knows what you need. So we're like, God, I need and yes, we should bring our needs to God, but he already knows. He already has a plan. It's not like it surprises him. We got to remember nothing happens that God is not aware of. Even when it seems like it comes out of nowhere, it's an emergency for us. But heaven is not surprised. And God is not leaving us to figure it out all alone. Here's the truth. If you are a child of God, you don't have an access problem. You have access. You just may not be aware of the access that you have as a child of God. It's like having a key to a mansion, but you're sleeping outside on the porch because you don't know you have access to get inside. In verse 32, Jesus says, "These things dominate the thoughts of unbelievers." But your heavenly father already knows all of your needs. In other words, the people who don't know God, they're the ones spending their life chasing provision. They're chasing the bag, right? They're trying to see what they can get. They're in the hustle and they're in the grind. But we should not be like that because God tells us we already have a father who knows what we need. Again, that's that shift that we're talking about that there's a different perspective. Jesus is telling us here when we are focusing all our energy and our our our mental capacity on things about worrying about finances. He's saying that's a lowlevel way of thinking. That is how unbelievers think. But we are believers and we should tap in to the access that we have knowing again God knows what we need and he's going to provide for us. When we have financial needs, God is not scrambling to put together a solution for us. He already has a plan and you just have to get on that path. Lock in with God and let him help you get on the path to where the provision is. The next shift I want you to make is to cast your cares on God. And I know that's Christian speak, right? We all say that, "Oh, I gave it to God. I'm giving it to God." But do we really cast our cares on him? First Peter 5:7 says, "Cast your cares on him because he cares for you." The Bible doesn't say politely hand your worry over to God. Here you go. You can take it. It doesn't say that. It says cast. That word cast is intense. It means to fling it, to hurl it, to violently throw it throw it onto God. like God, I give I give you all of this. Right? So, it's an intensity to that word that I don't think we understand what we said. We just say it, but there's an intensity to casting our cares. Don't just ease it. Launch it. Get it out of here. When negative thoughts come, I imagine myself like I'm using a tennis racket and I try to smack that thought out of my mind. And that's the same kind of thing I want you to think about when you start getting into financial anxiety. Imagine yourself with that racket. I'm knocking it out. I'm giving it back to God. Nope. I'm not taking it. I'm not going to take the stress, God. I'm casting that to you. I'm saying, "God, you take it. You take care of me. I'm not going to sit here. I'm not going to be up at 3:00 in the morning trying to figure out how to make it work. You said you're going to take care of me." And so, imagine yourself casting, that word says, violently hurl, fling it. Do not hold on to that worry and that anxiety. We're going to cast those cares on God. whatever it is you're holding in your hand, the rent, the groceries, the kids tuition, the the whatever, the field trips, all of that. And every time that stuff wants to creep up, you feel that anxiety, your shoulders want to rise up, cast that on to God and give that anxiety, give that worry to him. And what I want you to do after you cast it, you have to replace that with something. You don't want to leave that empty space. Begin to speak out of your mouth, God, I'm giving that to you. Your word says you have you know all the things that I need. That's why it's so important to know those scriptures. So when you have that moment, you cast it off. Well, now we have to replace that and you begin to speak the word. That is how your mindset and your belief begins to change. Your language either locks you up or it sets you free. So cast your cares on God and then begin to change your confessions. And if you're tired of living in survival mode, constantly praying for breakthrough, but not seeing real progress, that's exactly what I tackle in my Now to Next Accelerator. That's my one-on-one private coaching program for women of faith who want to renew their mindset, get really clear on their God-given goals, and begin to walk in financial abundance. And if that sounds like something you're interested in, you can find out more information at the link in the description. This is the thing that's going to completely change all of this around and bring all the things we talked about today together. Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added to you. So we look at it in a progression. He's telling us don't worry, God will take care of you. Look at the plants. See how God takes care of them. He'll take care of you. God hasn't forgotten about you. He knows what you need, what you need. And then he comes all the way down and he says, "This is what I want you to do. Seek first God's kingdom and his righteousness and all of these things, all the things that we talked about before this, those things will be added to you." So the question becomes, what does it mean to seek God's kingdom? Well, first of all, when we're seeking God's kingdom, that implies that we have to go to God with diligence until we find out God's kingdom in us is talking about God's plan and his rule being in our lives. When Jesus says, "Pray like this," he says, "Your kingdom come, your will is done, right? He puts those things together." When we pray to seek God's kingdom, we're saying, "God, what will you have me do with my life?" And a lot of times we're trying to find the path to provision, but we haven't asked God what his will is for us. And that's the thing. When we seek his kingdom, when we say, "God, show me what your will is for my life." That is when we get on a path to where the abundance is. Seek first the kingdom and then all these things will be added. We're trying to get the things added, but we haven't sought God's kingdom in our lives. Not not just in the world, but God, what would you have me to do? What is your plan for my life? What is your will? What are the kingdom plans for my life? If I'm just a nurse or I'm just a teacher in that, there is some plan that God has for your life so that his kingdom will come and his will be done in you and through you. And when you tap into that, that is when we begin to see all of these other things be added. So the key to unlocking God's provision is not panicking. It's not the worrying. It is prioritizing his assignment for your life. And here's the thing, I I say that and then people are like, "Well, I already prayed." This is a continual seeking. Now, eventually, if you keep seeking long enough, God will show you what he's what he wants for your life. He will show you the plan. But sometimes it doesn't come from one prayer. So, God gives you an assignment. And because we're talking about a kingdom, right? If God gives you an assignment, he gives you the authority to complete that assignment. But when God gives us our assignment, we walk through the earth saying, "I'm going to have authority in this area because I am on assignment from the king." I hope that's making sense to you all. God gives you authority. He gives you the empowerment to flourish in the area that he's given you as an assignment. You were not meant to chase money. You were meant to be on a mission to do whatever it is that God has for you to do. A lot of times we have been out of focus because we're doing our own thing in our own strength. And God is trying to tell you the thing that you're doing, it is not what you've me been meant to do. It is not part of your assignment. And so that's why there's a struggle. The provision is not there because you are not in the place that God has for you. And this is what I want you to understand. The kingdom of God does not operate in addition. Everywhere in scripture, when God does math, he does multiplication. He does exponent. He doesn't do two plus two. In the kingdom, it says some you'll get 30, some you'll get 60, and some you'll get 100fold. So, anytime we look in the Bible, there is exponential growth attached to God's supernatural provision. If you're not seeing it, it's not because God's word is not true. It's because you may not be in the right place. When you find the thing that God has called you to do, there is authority attached to it. And when you go forth in that, then the provision will follow. Remember, seek first the kingdom and all these things will be added to you. So you can't manipulate it into existence. You can't worry it into existence. You have to follow the biblical plan which is seek first the kingdom and then these things will be added. It only comes after seeking him and his kingdom first before you start stressing over what's missing. Ask yourself, have I made God the true king of my life? Have I asked him what his plan is? What his mission is? What his assignment is for my life? And when you do that, you will finally be able to overcome the worry and the financial anxiety because we're going to cast our cares on him because God already knows what we need and he's already made a provision for us. Well, that's been it. I hope you enjoyed this one. Remember to like, share, and subscribe. And until the next time, if you change your mind, you'll change your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThriveWithRossi [50 likes]: 💸Join my Access To Abundance Blueprint Course: https://www.thrivewithrossi.com/a2a
  2. @stacyannebrown7308 [2 likes]: I struggle to cast my worries on the Lord. Igive it to him, but then I continue to worry. Thank u for the video.
  3. @yolow69 [1 likes]: Watching this after being laid off.. my natural human instinct is to worry , but I’m feeling His peace in my heart ❤❤❤ I keep looking at biblical affirmations to help me! I’m actively looking for work and trying to update my skills . I live in a very high unemployment rate area but I know God is with me! I tell Him to open doors that are shut down! Keep believing and trusting even if my mind sometimes tells me otherwise. That’s what faith is about!
  4. @rextony22 [1 likes]: god is doing nothing
  5. @rextony22 [1 likes]: crazy woman
  6. @Mindsetofthekingdom-1 [1 likes]: Seeking the Kingdom first and knowing his will for our lives does make the difference. Our kingdom assignment is waiting if only yielded to him
  7. @ANC87211 [1 likes]: I sought this video out, I'm in a season of weariness and constantly crying out feeling unheard. It's hard to cast it unto God and wait while everything around you is crumbling
  8. @Shaneystudios: This is not helpful advice.  'Don't worry about it and all will be fine'.  That is not how it works.  Everyone need to understand God's system  and how it truly works.  So many false peachers not truly understanding the word of God.
  9. @eileenmccullough2432: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @nicolemcginlay8687: Thank you so much really need this right now
  11. @h3artz4Jesus: this is where i need to fully trust God in at, it’s hard for me because of the struggle i’ve been through. but God is my Father and he cares for me
  12. @cheranchristopher1695: Mam, In christ there is no male or female, Then why do you take programe only for women?
  13. @kristen_withaK: Needed this today 🙌🏾
  14. @raxxzzz_edits5871: Powerful🎉 thank you amen, yes I cast all my worries to God..
  15. @christystanczyk875: Thank you 😢❤
  16. @Larrywilson4555: It is simple for individuals who possess greater financial stability to advise others to place their trust in God. They have already secured the necessary funds and resources, making it easier for them to believe in God or any higher power they adhere to.

Conversely, for those who struggle with financial issues, which constitutes the majority of individuals, relying on God is not a beneficial course of action. You have already been placing your trust in God, yet you find yourself in a precarious financial situation. If God is indeed the source of your trust, why has assistance not been provided to resolve your predicament? What is the reason for God to delay intervention until an unspecified time in the future, or to present concepts that are irrelevant to your current circumstances?
  17. @shmacc.speaks: God already gave us the authority and abundance, we only need to trust and walk fully in it! His yolk is light, no need to overextend, fear, or worry! He has us covered.  I Trust you Lord, I trust in my assignment, Let your will be done!
  18. @lifewithamber9608: This just shifted my life God spoke right through you
  19. @Sarah-o5w-t2y: Thank you Rusi, glory to God
  20. @rextony22: god is not provided

- Military Psychologists Help with Depression, Anxiety, & Debt: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's talk about something nobody tells you when you join the military. You're prepared for combat. You're prepared for deployment. You're ready to sacrifice everything for your country. But here's what they don't warn you about. The absolute psychological warfare that financial stress can wage on your mind. Picture this. It's 2:00 a.m. You're staring at your ceiling. Your heart's racing. And not because you're worried about an upcoming mission. You've trained for that and you're ready. You're panicking because you just looked at your bank account and the math isn't mathing. Your spouse is worried. Your kids need things and you feel like the biggest failure on the planet because you're supposed to be tough, right? You're supposed to have everything together. Here's the plot twist that's going to blow your mind. The military actually has an incredible resource specifically designed for this exact problem, and it's called psychotherapy. And yes, it's covered. And no, it won't affect your career. And absolutely, yes, it can specifically help with money stress, guilt, and depression. Let me break down what most service members and even financial professionals don't know about the mental health services available to you that can transform your relationship with money. First, let's get real about what's happening. A recent Army study found that 58% of enlisted families say that military pay is their top concern. 70% of families report spending over $500 out of pocket during relocations and taking more than a year to recover financially. Research shows that financial hardship among military personnel is directly linked to PTSD, depression, anxiety, insomnia, and even physical aggression. This isn't just about being bad with money. This is trauma. Financial trauma is real. It's documented, and it's affecting mission readiness. Now, here's where it gets interesting. You have access to psychotherapists through multiple channels and they're specifically trained to handle the emotional side of money problems. Let's start with Triricare. Yes, the same Triricare. Under Triricare, you get comprehensive mental health coverage that includes individual psychotherapy. And here's what that means to you in plain English. You can see a licensed clinical psychologist, a psychiatric nurse specialist, or a licensed therapist who can help you work through the guilt, shame, anxiety, and depression that comes with financial stress. These aren't financial adviserss. They're trained mental health professionals who understand that your relationship with money is tangled up with how you were raised and what you've experienced and the stories you tell yourself. Active duty members need a referral from your primary care manager. But get this, if you go to a military hospital or clinic for outpatient mental health services, you don't need pre-authorization. Family members and dependents, you can start immediately. No referral needed. Just call Tryare and get connected. And here's something wild. Tryare covers up to 60minute individual psychotherapy sessions when it's medically or psychologically necessary. Crisis sessions can go even longer. They also cover family therapy, group therapy, and even collateral visits where your therapist can talk to other people involved in your care. You can do this in person, over the phone, or through secure video. Companies like Telemind and Talkspace specifically work with Triricare to provide mental health care from wherever you are. But wait, because this is where it gets even better. You also have access to military one source. This is completely free, completely confidential counseling service available 247365. Call 1 800342-9647 anytime. There are masters in doctoral level mental health professionals, psychologists, licensed clinical social workers, marriage and family therapists, and they offer short-term solution focused counseling for up to 12 sessions per issue per family member. And yes, one of those issues can absolutely be financial stress. Now, here's the critical part. These sessions are confidential and not reported to your command. They won't affect your security clearance. They won't go in your military record. The only exceptions are if there's imminent danger to yourself or others, suspected family maltreatment, or illegal activity. Otherwise, what you talk about stays between you and your counselor. And there's more. The military family life counseling program puts licensed therapists directly on or near military installations. These counselors are embedded at military and family support centers, at schools, even with specific units. They provide free confidential non-medical counseling for stress management, deployment issues, parenting, grief, and absolutely for financial stress and the emotions around money. You don't need an appointment. You don't need a referral. You just walk in and talk. Now, let's talk about what psychotherapists actually do when it comes to money problems. Because this is where the magic happens. Imagine you're sitting with a therapist and you say, "I feel guilty every time I spend money on myself." A financial counselor might help you create a budget and show you that you can afford it. That's valuable. Sure. But a psychotherapist, they're going to ask, "Where does that money guilt come from? What did money mean in your childhood? What stories did you learn about people who spend money on themselves?" They're going to help you unpack the why behind your behavior. Or let's say you avoid looking at your bank account. You know you need to check it, but the anxiety is so intense you physically just can't do it. A psychotherapist can use techniques like cognitive behavioral therapy to help you recognize that your avoidance is a trauma response. Maybe from growing up in poverty, maybe from a sudden financial loss, maybe from watching your parents fight about money. They'll help you develop coping strategies to manage that anxiety and actually confront your finances without your nervous system going into full panic mode. Here's another scenario. You're a young enlisted member and you're drowning in credit card debt. You feel ashamed. You think everyone else has it figured out. You're too embarrassed to ask for help. That shame is keeping you stuck. A psychotherapist can help you understand that shame says something is wrong with me while guilt says I made a mistake. Guilt motivates change. Shame paralyzes you. Therapy helps you move from shame to guilt to action. Financial therapist, yes, this is an actual certified specialty that combines mental health counseling with financial planning, uses techniques like EMDR, eye movement desensitation and reprocessing to actually process traumatic financial memories. One study described a client who couldn't pursue her creative career because she felt guilty about money after being shamed as a child for wanting dance lessons. Through EMDR, she processed those memories, reframed her beliefs, and went on to build a successful career doing what she loved. Financial trauma can be healed. Psychotherapists also use cognitive processing therapy to help you challenge stuck beliefs like, "I'll never get ahead," or, "I'm terrible with money." They help you see that these aren't facts. They're learned responses that can be unlearned. And this is the crucial part that nobody talks about. You can and should use psychotherapy alongside financial counseling. They complement each other. They're not the same thing. And personal financial counselors, these are the free financial counselors available on military installations are highly trained professionals with certifications like the accredited financial counselor or chartered financial consultant or certified financial planner designations. They help you with budgets, credit management, retirement planning, home buying, understanding your military benefits. That's their expertise. They give you the practical tools and knowledge. But here's what they can't do. They can't help you process the emotional trauma that makes you sabotage your own budget. They can't treat the anxiety that keeps you from opening bills. They can't address the depression that's making it hard to care about your financial future. That's where psychotherapy comes in. The integrated approach looks like this. You see a personal financial counselor who helps you create a realistic budget, explains the thrift savings plan, and shows you how to tackle your debt. Meanwhile, you're also seeing a psychotherapist who helps you understand why you overspend when you're stressed, why you feel unworthy of financial stability, and how to manage the anxiety that comes up when you think about money. Together, these two professionals give you both the practical skills and the emotional resilience to actually change your financial life. That is what researchers call financial empowerment. It's not just about having money. It's about feeling empowered to make good decisions, feeling worthy of financial security, and having the mental and emotional tools to handle whatever comes your way. Let me paint a real world picture. You're a sergeant. You've been in for 6 years. You've PCS twice in 3 years. Your spouse has struggled to find work because every time they get established, you move. You're using your basic allowance for subsistence to feed your family, even though it's technically only for you. You're $15,000 in credit card debt. You're not sleeping. You're irritable with your kids. Your marriage is strained. You feel like a failure. Here's what the integrated approach looks like. You reach out to your installation's personal financial counselor through Army Community Service or your equivalent family support center. They help you map out your debt, create a payment plan, connect you with resources like emergency assistance from the Army Emergency Relief, and show you how to build a small emergency fund. That's the practical side of things. Simultaneously, you call Military One Source and get connected to a licensed therapist. Over the next several weeks, you work through the guilt you feel about the debt, the shame around needing help, the anxiety that's keeping you up at night. You learn that your nervous system learned to associate money with danger because of your childhood experiences. You develop grounding techniques to use before you look at your finances. You start sleeping better. The tension in your marriage eases because you're not carrying all that emotional weight alone anymore. Six months later, you've paid down $4,000 of debt. You have $1,000 in your emergency fund. More importantly, you can look at your bank account without your heart racing. And you and your spouse can talk about money without fighting. You feel empowered instead of defeated. That's the power of combining practical financial coaching with psychotherapy. And here's something most people don't realize. Research has found that addressing financial stress through mental health support significantly improves relationships. It reduces stress and it enhances overall well-being. Irand Corporation study showed that counseling through military one source is effective in reducing stress and boosting resilience. When financial hardship is reduced, depression, anxiety, and even PTSD symptoms improve. Here's what to do right now. If you're experiencing financial stress, start by acknowledging that this is normal. Most people have financial stress, even if they have money, and most people struggle with money. So, you're not alone and you're not broken. Your brain learned to respond to money in a certain way, and you can teach it to respond differently. Step one, call Military One Source at 1 800342-9647 and ask to speak to a counselor about financial stress. You'll get connected to a master's or doctoral level mental health professional who can help you process the emotions around money. And if you need longerterm therapy, get connected through Tryare by talking to your primary care manager or calling your Triricare regional contractor. Step two, find a personal financial counselor on your installation. Go to finred.usalelearning.gov/pfcm or call military oneource to find one. Set up an appointment to work on the practical side like budgeting, debt management, and understanding your benefits. And step three, be honest with your therapist, your financial counselor, and with yourself. You can't fix what you won't acknowledge. Financial stress isn't a character flaw. It's a common struggle with specific solutions. Remember, these resources exist because the military knows that financial stress undermines readiness. Being financially and mentally healthy isn't just good for you, it's good for the mission. Using these resources isn't weakness. It's strategic. It's smart. It's taking care of yourself so you can take care of your mission and your family. Your relationship with money can change. The guilt can lift. The anxiety can ease. The shame can dissolve. But it starts with understanding that money stress isn't just about numbers. It's about emotions, beliefs, and trauma. And all of those things can be addressed with the right support. You have access to world-class mental health care and financial counseling. Use them together. Transform your financial life from the inside out.

- Healthy ME Summit: Dr. Demartini on Wealth Building Principle & Anxiety-Top3 Wealth Rituals Revealed: Kind: captions Language: en Dr D Martini welcome thank you again for for joining us thank you um today we're going to be talking about three steps to beating Financial anxiety and I certainly know I've experienced myself anxiet around finances and learning to manage my my money and um my wealth and I've learned how intimately related it is to my health and my well-being and that anxiety when we're not managing our money and our relationship to money impacts our relationship to our health so I wanted to talk to you today about um three key values that I know you have in relationship to money and creating wealth and uh Financial Health okay perfect uh first thing I'd like to sayare that that everybody lives by a set of priorities a set of values things that are most important to least important in their life and that set of values or hierarchy of values dictates their financial destiny I'm going to say it again the hierarchy of one's values dictates their financial destiny so let's just say you meet somebody and it's a woman and her highest values are children children's health children's education Children's Entertainment and then next is Home Furniture socializing travel and then shopping and fitness and then shoes and shoes and shoes and shoes and shoes and Jimmy Cho shoes that set of values even if you went down further you don't see building business you don't see Building Wealth you don't see saving money in that list so the second that woman getss money and receives it from whatever form either from working um inheritance or even from her husband that money will spend according to her values the Hier of your values dictates how you spend and manage your money it's not it does not matter how much you make what matters is how you manage what you make and your values dictate how you manage it because the second she gets money most of it's going to go to her children if there's a little extra then it's going to go to the house and a little extra it's going to go to entertainment and travel and finally it's going to be shopping at the end you have other set of values that shopping is at the top they're consumers the second to get money they they they spend it on immediate gratification and consumerism and they buy deprecia bles that go down in value the moment what they buy people that have a wealth value system they have a desire to build a business that serves people so they have a source of income they a desire to manage the business so it's profitable they have a desire to save a portion of it to build up liquidity to stabilize the business so they have the sustainable business uh and to reduce the volatilities and emotions they have a desire to invest and learn the art of investing so it's working for them and they have a desire to accumulate money and it cause for money when they have those values when they get money instead of spending it they put it in Investments so the money works for them and so they become its Master instead of them working for money so they become its slave so the hierarchy of one's values dictates a financial testing now what does that have to do with the anxiety anytime you set a goal that's not aligned with your values you're going to have what I call the ABCDs ease of negativity internal anger and aggression internal blame and feelings of betrayal internal criticism and challenge internal despair depression and the desire to escape and people have that around their financial situation they feel frustrated and angry at themselves they feel they blame themselves they feel they betrayed themselves they can't get ahead they criticize themselves they feel depressed and they want to escape their life and that's because they're expecting to get wealthy and have more money at the end of their month and month at the end of their money but they don't have the values that will lead them there so the second they get money they immediately spend it and buy deprea and consumables which make them go into debt instead of actually going to get into assets that grow and become financially wealthy so unless you have the hierarchy of values that is really geared towards saving and investing in money it's not likely to happen and you're going to have anxieties around it and what's interesting is that money circulates through the economy from those who value it least to those who value it most and from people who value themselves least to people who value themselves most and people that value serving people least to those who value serving people the most so that leads to three things if you exaggerate yourself and project your values onto others and minimize them you're not going to meet their needs when you're serving them and you won't have a source of income if you minimize yourself and exaggerate others when you're going in negotiation or selling then you'll give away your profits you'll negotiate away your profits but if you have equinity within yourself and Equity between you and others and you're equal then you'll care enough to communicate what you have to offer your products services or ideas in terms of their values they'll buy it and you'll meet their needs which is a source of income and you'll meet your own needs which you mean I I value myself my self worth is up and I'll save a portion so net worth occurs when you have other worth and selfworth together that means you care enough about others to serve them and you care enough about yourself to save when you put those two together you're on your way to having some selfworth when you live by your highest values you have more of an equitable mind you have objective reasoning and you're more understanding that it takes serving people to have a source of income and it takes saving in order to keep that but if you're living in a unfulfilled life the animal brain the amigdala comes online and you want to avoid pain and seek pleasure and you want to meet a gratification and you have addictive behaviors to consumerism and you're consuming other people's Brands because you're not fulfilled instead of building your own brand to fulfill yourself and others so that relationship between um self-worth and the core values is there an order in which comes first you have to have self-worth first in order then to make those core values in order in which they need to be for you to attract the money well no what every every human being has a set of values no matter what it's automatically there they're born and they're evolving to their lives it's evolving but they have a core set of values if they set goals that match it they have fulfillment but if they don't have a value on wealth building then they'll have a fantasy about wealth building 1% of the population or less become financially independent only 1% so most people don't have a value on wealth building they have a value on consumerism they want the fancy Lifestyle the Rich and Famous so they can have a value on them themselves yeah but just not a value on well they won't have Financial Independence unless they have a value on wealth building not going to happen or unless they inherit it or marry somebody that has it so you got a choice either set goals that match your values to have fulfillment but you may or may not have Financial Independence unless you have a value on wealth building or you can change your values to match your goals so I train people in both of them in my programs because uh some people have a great set of values and they don't want to change it they're grateful but they just need to set real goals that now match it so they can feel fulfilled and quit living in fantasies about who they are others would like to change their values really simple you change a value spontaneously by stacking up benefits associated with it let me give you an example if a young girl who's 8 years old is about to sing Solo in front of her elementary school and she's got a white dress on and pigtails and she stands up and is about to sing and she goes and sings and she's like an angel her voice is perfectly clear she doesn't miss a tune I mean Perfect Pitch and does it and the plud and they give a standing ovation she's probably going to sing again but if she goes up there and gets off key forgets her words and everything else and wants to run off stage and people throw her and Boo at her and they don't want to talk to her afterwards she may never get up there again so the pleasures or the pains associated with an event can make you accentuate or dentu doing something so you can stack up benefits and raise a value up on your value list or you can stack up drawbacks and lower it and remodel your value system life's doing it anyway but you can do it consciously so I can literally add new values and help wealth building become high on a person's values I do it every weekend in programs to show them how to build wealth in their life because until they have truly a value on it it's not going to happen I mean I've I've been watching people that get wealthy or not I've interviewed many many billionaires and I can see the people that are poor in townships ver very wealthy and they have a different set of values so so long as you have a value on wealth building but not a value on yourself you can still create value your selfworth is directly proportionate to the congruency between your actions and your values if you're setting setting a goal and you're taking action that's align with your highest value your self worth goes up if you set a goal that's not align with your highest values your self- worth goes down because if you set a goal that's aligned with your highest values you're disciplined reliable and focused and you have an acute awareness of what it takes to see opportunities and act on it but if you're setting goals that aren't really important to you you'll procrastinate hesitate and frustrate you'll be unfulfilled if it's challenging you'll give up on it and you'll want to me a gratification to compensate the key is to set goals that are congruent the key is to make sure you have a value on wealth building if you put those two together you're on your way to get the 1centers if not you're going to bang your head against the wall with the ABCDs and negativity and think there's something wrong with you and your self worth is going to go down because you're trying to be wealthy without the values that will lead you there and the second you get money you keep spending it you go I keep sabotaging why am I doing that why do I blow my money no you're not blowing money you're spending on what really is valuable to you you just think you have a value on wealth building I asked people 5,000 people in South Africa U and I stood up and I said how many you want to be financially independent all the hands went up I said quickly uh write down on a piece of paper I'm going to give you 30 60 seconds to write down what you would do if I give you $10 million us so on your mark get set get 60c go the 10 most important things you would do if all of a sudden you had $10 million you never had to work again and I quickly wrote it all down I said now pass it to the person next to you and then calculate how much of that 10 million is spent and left as actually cash left 99% of that room had spent between $2 and $8 million in less than a minute I could go on that trip I could buy that new car they were all buying deprea bues and they were fantasizing about the wealthy lifestyle those people will never be Financial independent there were seven people out of 5,000 people that honestly wrote down what they would do with Investments to make it 20 those are the seven that are going to be Financial independent because if you don't have a value on wealth building it's not going to happen and people have fantasies all the time and they go I can't seem to get ahead they have plenty of money I've seen people double and quadruple their income over a 20-year period and still can't pay their bills because it's not about how much you make it's about how you manage what you make and how you manage it is based on your values and I remember experiencing um exactly what you're talking about I listened to a whole series on uh your financial coaching and one part of it always stuck with me and um it was the simple um the simple commitment to put 10% away of everything that you weren from the moment I listened to that one line on that CD I started from that day onwards the next paycheck I started putting 10% away and just how it made me feel the moment I did that it alleviated so much anxiety because I knew at a level I was I was saving even if it felt like a struggle to put that 10% away I'd look at where I'd have to stop spending in order to be able to put that 10% away and how that made me feel changed my whole mindset and you attracted more opportunities for money I did yeah because when you manage money wisely you get more money to manage it's a basic law people always wait for extra to do it but Parkinson's law won't allow them to if you don't spend your money on savings and Investments up front and pay yourself first you will always have unexpected bills come in to erode the possibility you can't pay yourself last you pay yourself first rich people automatically pay themselves first poor people automatically pay themselves last so it's been historically sh Sean you have to Value yourself and you have to Value wealth and and I made a statement boy this is really going to push some buttons out there I I had I was speaking at a church and and the room I wouldn't say it was the wealthiest church it was kind of a mid mid-range and um I said if you're poor it's because you don't care about humanity and I just paused just to see what their reaction is and people you could see them ruffling up their feathers sitting up I said because if you care about Humanity you're going to go find out what people need and you're going to directly or indirectly find a solution to solve those needs because you care about people and you want to help them when you do you have a source of income if you don't care about humanity and you're kind of living in this socialistic world the world's supposed to take care of you and entitlement instead of an empowerment um you're going to be a poor in life you have to care about Humanity to go out find a way of serving it you have a talent you have a unique competitive Advantage based on whatever is highest on your values and it serves if you value that you have a source of service but if you don't value you you won't keep it if you and you started valuing you and when you the moment you value you the world starts valuing you moment you pay yourself first other people start paying you first and I think also another uh another lesson that I learned and I'm still still refining still learning within that space is the relationship the mental emotional relationship towards money and valuing money itself you know so valuing you know if I see a 5 cents piece you know I'll pick it up because I value it not just oh it's only 5 cents and leave it there I I got a Share story I um I was 9 years old and my dad I went to my dad and I said Dad I want to earn some money because I want to buy a baseball and a bat and a glove and he said well if you mow the yard yes because I had those responsibilities have you edged the the sidewalk yes have you clipped the hedges yes have you swept the sidewalk yes have you cleaned out the gutters yes have you cleaned the garage yes have you uh pulled the weeds yes have you cleaned your room yes he said son I don't have anything else that needs to be done so I can't just give you money without you doing some service so I suggest you go to the neighbors and see if you can find something profitable and pro productive for them I went okay so I went down the street I went up to the Evans which is Two Doors Down and I saw that their yard was sort of messy and I knew I could do something about it and I asked if I could help straighten up their yard and she saidwell how much I didn't know what to think and so I just made up a number and and they said that sounds fair and I spent the most of the day clipping the hedges I got stung by beads I I trimmed it I did everything and I used all the equipment from the garage and I I went out and bought baseball and a glove with the money I made and my dad said I see you got a new baseball and glove that's fantastic where did you get it I said well I did what you said I worked he said what equipment did you use and I said well the one in the garage he says son I have to teach you something there's a thing called depreciation and there's cost in that use of that equipment and let's calculate what you did and let me calculate what you you owe me and it turned out to be $7.50 well I already spent the money so I went oh gosh and now I had to do two yards to pay that back plus what I owed him for those two yards and I learned that that was the responsibility I had and I understood that he explained it to me and then one day I was burned out a little bit working harder and making less and some kid came by in a bicycle and I saw him and I said hey would you like to push the lawnmower I'll pay you 50 cents to to push the lawnmower he said yeah so I got three kids to helping do the yards and another three kids and another three kids I got nine kids working I went and borrowed the Zub brods and the mala's equipment across the street and I had three pieces of equipment doing three yards at a time going through the neighborhood doing all the yards and I end up paying everybody else my dad off everything else and I made a net of $45 after everything was paid this is the 1963 which is about $700 a day today which is good money if you had a kid like that I'd have more kids so my dad saw that that was happening but I was spending my money buying bicycles buying golf clubs buying this and that and he saw I wasn't saving so he bought me a coin collection set and he bought me a piggy bank he said I want you to put money in there to teach you how to learn to save because if you keep consuming it you'll always have to work but if you start saving it will work for you so I filled up the coin collection and start put the right Co coins in there and it was kind of fun and thought longer term and I got the piggy bank my dad never gave me the key or the combination to open that piggy bank in my 52nd floor building uh in Houston Texas in my office on the credenza is that original Bank 52 years ago still sitting with the same original coins it's worth probably I don't even how much those original coins and it's still there and I never want to use that money because it was a metaphor for thinking long term and then my father did one more thing he said I want you to know it's like to buy your freedom I said what is that every time he talks to me I'm losing money I said uh what is that he said I want you to know what it's like to have freedom so from now on you're going to pay for clothing rent and food but now you're going to have freedom on your new bicycle to go anywhere you want as long as you're home at 9:00 at night so I started exploring 35 mile bike rides 40 mile bike rides on my bike and come back and be there by 9:00 and bought freedom but I had to pay him $7.50 a week and the process of doing it I got my freedom and he was trying to prepare me for being an entrepreneur to let you know that the more accountable you have the more opportunities you have in life and I'm very grateful for that and sometime today we don't always we rescue people enable people instead of making them accountable we rob them of dignity accountability responsib and productivity and then expect them to have wealth Consciousness they don't have a void to drive them to want to build wealth and so as a result of it we have a social environment where everybody's expecting other people to take care could you give us before we finish maybe just three simple exercises that our audience could start doing for themselves today that would start to improve their relationship with money I mean the first thing I would do is make a list of everything you do in a day everything your entire day personal and professional and then put next to it how much does it produce per minute or hour how much does it actually generate and then next to that how much meaning does it give you and next to that is what would it be the replacement cost if you had to delegate that to somebody and next to it is how much time spent and get in touch with how you're really managing your day and looking at what you're doing because if you're doing things that all are lower value and devaluing you you're going to have a devalued Consciousness but if you're doing the highest priority things the most productive things that serve the most people that produce the most income you're going to raise your your wealth Consciousness so first do an inventory about how you're really spending your day because if you're doing low party things and doing devalued things you're going to have a devalued life but if you're doing the highest party things that serve the most people that make the biggest difference that have meaning that you can't wait to do that makes a difference and you get rewarded for it then next next after you identify that make sure you save a portion of it like you'd say save a 10% if you're 20 years old if you say 10% you can retire at 65 financially independent if you're 30 years old you'll need to do 20% if you're 40 years old 30% 50 years old 40% 60 years old 50% of your income so the longer you wait the harder it is to do and the less probable so the sooner you get started on saving and then learning to invest after you built up a cushion of cash the greater your financial possibilities so save and then invest before you ever speculate so save a portion of it and then make sure on the daily basis that you're grateful for what you get to do because when you're grateful for what you get you get more to be grateful for and learn and study it become educated on because intelligent people that really know about wealth building are the people that end up with it I've never met a wealthy person that didn't understand wealth so study and make it a commitment to do it Warren Buffett by AE 11 had read every book in Omaha Nebraska library on wealth building and finance by the time he's 11 so he's wealthy because he had a value on it so and also one last thing stack up a thousand benefits of why building a business managing a business wisely saving a portion of it investing in it accumulating it and serving a cause with it write down a thousand benefits of doing those things if you do you'll have a bigger reason for doing it and you'll actually end up with wealth financially we all have wealth in non-financial terms our children our social life our spiritual Quest but if you want Financial life a wealth in financial ways you'll have to have a value on it and serve people wonderful thank you so much for your time your wisdom I've certainly reduced my levels of anxiety by following so much of your guidance around finances and I hope that that's going to be the same for our audience and I know it will be thank you thank you

- Financial Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Gary Price: The American Heritage College Dictionary defines “anxiety” as “a state of uneasiness and apprehension.” That’s an apt description of what many Americans are feeling over their finances these days. Despite a better employment picture than just five years ago, people still aren’t feeling good about how much they owe versus how much they make. But how bad is it? Rebekah Barsch is vice-president of financial planning for Northwestern Mutual. They conducted research about financial anxiety to determine how people felt about their situations… >> Rebekah Barsch: We sometimes think of it as what keeps people up at night worried about whether or not they’ll be able to help their kids go to college or whether or not we’ll be able to fund the kind of retirement we want. And financial anxiety, from the survey and the research that we just completed, is, unfortunately, on the rise, and in fact over a quarter of Americans say that they’re worrying about their finances every single day. And that would put that in the same camp as other things we worry about other days: an example, our kids. >> Price: Financial anxiety not only intrudes on Americans’ lives and keeps them up at night, Barsch says that it also affects our health and well-being… >> Barsch: Sixty-seven percent of the people that we surveyed in this research said that their financial anxiety was negatively impacting their health, and the top impact was to peoples’ happiness. So, if we strip away everything else in life and just say, in general, we want to be happy, we want our families to be happy, and yet 70% of the respondents said that financial anxiety interrupts their happiness, really begs the question, what can we do to turn this around? And what can we do to help Americans reduce that financial anxiety so they can get on with enjoying their life? >> Price: Barsch says that to begin reducing that anxiety, we have to understand what’s causing it in the first place… >> Barsch: It’s kind of the perfect storm of circumstance changing around American families that are causing people to really be more worried than, perhaps, the generation before us was, and maybe the biggest one is that a lot of our future financial security, particularly in those retirement years, used to be covered pretty well by some small savings, perhaps on our own, but then bigger pieces like social security and pensions that our companies provided. And now what we see is that those pensions largely have gone by the wayside, and each of us is responsible for saving for our own retirement. Social security’s becoming a smaller part of what actually is that safety net that helps us to afford our retirement, and that is a big financial goal that means pushing off immediate gratification in those early years and doing less spending on the frontend and more planning and saving along the way. >> Price: In addition to the retirement problem is the high cost of a college education for those families with kids. These days even attending a state school can run into six figures over four years. So how do you relieve the anxiety and get a grip on your finances? Michael Kay is a financial life planner and author of the book, The Feel Rich Project: Reinventing your understanding of true wealth to find true happiness. He says that you start by taking a realistic look at your situation, and by overcoming the “F-word”…the one you can say on the radio… >> Michael Kay: The “F-word” is “fear”, and we all have, to a greater or lesser degree, this little piece in our brain that I call the fear department, and sometimes the fear department takes over the rest of the brain and it stops us from investigating, it stops us from looking. So we’re fearful of not keeping up with our neighbors, we’re fearful of people judging us, we’re fearful of feeling that we’re less than somebody else, and so much of this fear of what happens if I don’t go on this big vacation or buy the right car or live in the right neighborhood as opposed to, “Hey, if I make the choice to spend less, it gives me the opportunity and the piece of mind to move in a direction that’s more satisfying.” >> Price: Kay says that fielding calls from bill collectors or receiving letters threatening foreclosure should keep people up at night – not the fear of keeping up with the Joneses. It’s values that count when you’re trying to decide if you really need an expensive car or a trip to the islands… >> Kay: Our values of what we really want in our life are the centerpiece of our life, and money is the driver, so for example, many people will say, “One of the things I value most is that I don’t run out of money; I don't become a burden to my children.” Okay, if that’s what you value highest, what decisions can you make that bring you closer to that value versus further away? Some people will say, you know, “I really want to help my children,” or, ”help my grandchildren.” Well, we have choices. Unless we have unlimited wealth, we have to make choices, and some of the choices make us feel uncomfortable, but if we keep reminding ourselves, “Hey, this is the reason why. I’d rather have those resources so that I can help pay for my grandchild’s education or provide funding for a cause or charity that I care about,” these are the choices we make that are closest to our values. >> Price: It’s not just the boomers who are anxious over money. Barsch says that millennials are also fearful of not having enough savings to live a comfortable life… >> Barsch: Millennials are surprisingly worried about having financial anxiety also, and as we talk with millennials and think about what might be behind that, a lot of the contribution to their anxiety is the fact that they’ve really watched their parents go through some tough economic times. So they’re more aware than, maybe, other younger generations have been about how fragile a financial foundation can be, and we hope that that will eventually turn into millennials really stepping up to the plate, and stepping up early, and beginning to plan for their financial futures. >> Price: No matter what age group you’re in, Barsch says that the key to a secure financial future is having a plan… >> Barsch: We’ve all got a pretty big planning challenge ahead of us, but it is doable if we can spend some time and really go over our situation – think about what’s important to us. And one of the things that we notice as we’re talking with clients is that it’s fun to sit down and plan for a vacation, and I know when my husband and I take trips with our kids we have a lot of fun figuring out what we’re going to do and how much it’s going to cost and laying out options etc., but some people will spend more time planning for a vacation than they will for a thirty year And really that retirement deserves the time to plan and make sure that we’re prepared and then figuring out how that works in the context of the things that we want to spend money on today and tomorrow. >> Price: Kay says that it’s not easy to forego all of those things that we enjoy doing or accumulating the stuff we really love, but it’s doable in small steps… >> Kay: One needs to build better messages, better habits, better beliefs and better behaviors that support peoples’ abilities to get through these small shifts. The idea is not to make it so difficult. Think of the idea that someone who goes on a weight loss regiment and they’re eating nothing but celery sticks for six days. By the seventh day they’re doing a triple gainer into a fudge brownie because they feel so denied and so depleted from the energy of trying to live on celery. It’s the same idea; we need to make small shifts. >> Price: He says that everyone will make mistakes along the way, but buying those expensive shoes or spa treatment aren’t fatal errors. Just start over without blame or shame, and get back on track to pay off debt or save for a child’s education. To start with, you might want to seek the services of a certified financial life planner, who looks not only at the numbers but also at the qualitative side of a client’s plan… >> Kay: I would tell and encourage anyone who isn’t sure, make sure that if they’re going to deal with a professional out there, that it’s someone who has a fiduciary responsibility to act in your best interest, someone who is family, someone who is not going to sell you products, and understand what their qualifications are. There’s some planners who will work on an hourly basis, and that’s perfectly fine if you just need someone to help get you started, that your resources don’t support an ongoing relationship. Ask questions. There’s lots of great resources out there, but it starts with your mindset and getting professional help doesn’t mean you’re a failure. It’s like going to the doctor; you don’t want to use Web m.d. to diagnose yourself, that’s why you go to a professional. >> Price: Barsch agrees that professional services – even just to get the ball rolling – are helpful when you want to secure your financial future… >> Barsch: Sometimes the mark of an advisor you can trust is a company that you can trust who backs them. So, look into the history of the firm that the financial advisor represents and see what they’re track record is for delivering value over time and what their reputation is in terms of how they treat clients; that would be number one. The second thing is that a good financial advisor will not show up and meet a brand new client and try to sell them something. So, you want a financial advisor who really wants to invest the time and get to know you and understand what your goals and your hopes and your dreams are as well as what your current financial situation is. So, if you meet somebody who is sitting down with you in the first meeting and making recommendations on what products to buy, that’s probably a red flag. And then the third thing, in terms of finding someone you can really trust, is to talk with people that you know and just find out who they have had experience with and who they might recommend. >> Price: Barsch adds that a good financial planner will also encourage you to have a will in place, and protection for your income and your family should something happen to the breadwinners. Both of our guests say that the biggest step is to get started, even if you are in your 50s and retirement is looming large. Rebekah Barsch says you can learn more about the financial anxiety research study and about financial planning at NorthwesternMututal.com. For a step-by-step guide to naming your financial and life goals and working toward them, pick up Michael Kay’s book, The Feel Rich Project at stores and visit his site at MichaelFKay.com To learn more about all of our guests, visit our site at viewpointsonline.net. You can find archives of past programs there and on iTunes and Stitcher. I’m Gary Price. [ad]

- Why Rich People are Depressed & Struggle with Anxiety w/ Patrick Bet David: Kind: captions Language: en um I want to I want to Circle back to you in Germany because you you just escaped um your country you're you're young and then after Germany um most likely be painted as the evil one that came to that country uh and then you come to the white man's world America uh you had to have followed in this path of finding enemies and then you have a book that's uh choose your enemies wisely um two questions two part questions one I want you to break down what you mean by that by pointing out your enemies will point out your your insecurities or your problems I want you to break that down and then also the most important one and I don't think anybody could find success without this what is the first step of forgiving your enemies okay so choose your enemies wisely it's a book uh the first business book I wrote with Simon and Schuster was your next five moves that was you know uh concept of sequencing I look at everything in life about sequencing again like even when I walked into I saw you guys flipped it in my mind I'm like what did they flip first did you guys flip this first or did you do this first and what did you do there like what's the you got that from your mom's side I got I got that from uh I I got the paranoia for my mom oh my god did my mom make me paranoid please pause that because we should do an hour of that we can come back to them she's like that so anyway so all kinds of paranoia comes from Mom's side sequencing to me comes from watching Everybody in the scene you know hey what are we going to do next like War happens in Iran is like what are we going to leave what are we going to next are we going to do this are we going to first go to bandar palavio we're going to go do so what's going to happen next it was always like a almost like a uh uh you know the whole uh flight you know free stuff if we have to escape this place yes dude they get mad at me because when I'm at a restaurant my back can only be up against the wall I have to see everything identical same bro paranoia you have to know okay if he makes this move I got to be prepared for that Fourth of July we're all at Fourth of July I gathered everybody I go if God forbid I know this is a bummer you hear shooting I need you to run there swim into the water Jessica because my my sister can't run too far so I go you're gonna swim there I'm gonna meet you over there and they're like dude you're being paranoid I go it's better to be prepared than not prepared at all same page man I mean this is if I'm here I'm sitting here yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChristiannTyler: Click bait.. why would you post this dumb sh*t ?

- 5 Steps to Overcome Your Fear of Spending 💰✨: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our video on overcoming the fear of spending. Many find themselves trapped by the anxiety of making the wrong financial decisions which can limit their lifestyle. Today, we'll explore how to overcome these fears and achieve true financial freedom. In this video, we'll explore what causes the fear of spending, strategies to manage this fear, and key insights that will aid in financial freedom. We start by understanding the root of the fear of spending. This often stems from past financial hardships or witnessing family members struggle. Tracking net worth may also contribute to the fear as spending can appear as a financial setback. Now let's discuss powerful strategies to overcome the fear of spending. One, set clear financial goals. Define your aspirations. Be it early retirement or home ownership. This gives meaning to saving and spending. Two, create a budget. Track your income and expenses. A budget provides control enabling informed spending decisions. Three, separate accounts. Use dedicated spending accounts for discretionary expenses which minimizes anxiety. Four, challenge your beliefs. Spending isn't negative. Evaluate purchases for their true impact on your well-being. Five, explore alternatives. Consider all options before large purchases. Sometimes used items can be more practical. Six, adjust your perspective. Think of spending as part of your balanced financial plan. While saving is essential, enjoying the present is equally important. Let's see what you've learned so far. Here is a question. What is a key strategy to manage the fear of spending? Option A, create strict saving plans. Option B, challenge your beliefs about spending. Option C, avoid spending entirely. Option D, focus only on increasing net worth. You may pause the video now to think about the answer. We will discuss the answer in the next section of the video. The correct answer is to challenge your beliefs about spending. This helps in fostering healthier spending habits without the guilt. Here are some vital insights to remember. Focus more on achieving your financial goals rather than just growing your net worth. Use budgeting as a powerful tool to manage your finances effectively. Remember, spending money should not cause unnecessary anxiety. To sum up, understand the underlying causes of your fear regarding spending. Adopt strategies to control your anxiety and focus on achieving a financial balance that brings freedom. Thank you for watching. If you found our guide on overcoming the fear of spending helpful, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more exciting content. We'd also love to hear your thoughts in the comments below.

- End Anxiety Forever: Kind: captions Language: en hey what is going on welcome to another training here my name is julian rosen head coach at wake up wealthy and today i'm going to show you how to end anxiety forever [Music] all right i know that's a pretty bold claim right ending anxiety forever ending unnecessary suffering forever but on our journey and growth and evolution it's it's achievable and it's actually when you think about it after you watch today's training after you watch today's video you'll understand that it actually goes literally against everything we've been taught growing up everything we've been taught about success and achievement all these things and here's the best part follow me through the entirety of this training and you'll see that not only when you make this switch in your mindset will you suffer less and anxiety will be removed from your life but you'll actually end up achieving more you'll actually end up making more money helping more people succeeding at a higher level increasing the caliber and consistency of what you do you'll actually increase all those things with less pain with less anxiety with less unnecessary suffering and before we get into the training i just want to share a little bit about my story because i suffered a lot now a lot of it was unnecessary suffering but i suffered a lot because i had this feeling right i had this feeling especially ever since my mom died my mom died when i was 23 to breast cancer and i went into a really deep depression was put on a bunch of pills and medications and that's not good bad right or wrong but i was in a very dark place i was suffering i was in a lot of pain and i was like how do i make this pain go away and obviously drugs and drinking help for a little bit but that caused more problems than solution so i'm like okay what is a way that doesn't kill me what is a way i can make this this pain go away and that's when i really started to look at ways to take my pain and turn it into purpose and start helping people and so i really got in i got into fitness coaching i got certified as a trainer started training people in person started training people in groups started training people online before i knew it i was running a gym i had an online business things really escalated quickly and i was achieving a lot of things and making a lot of money but guess what the suffering never went away the anxiety never went away because what i was doing is i was using achievement and validation to get a momentary break from pain and suffering and your smart person watching this if you never address something at the source what's going to happen right let's say you have a leak in your basement right and a pipe is leaking and your basement keeps flooding you can go down and drain the basement every time it floods but what will happen if you never go down there and find the source of the leak and repair it and replace the pipe and seal it up you'll never have any lasting change and that's what i was doing and i didn't know i was doing it i was doing it unconsciously just like you might be doing right now but here's what we're taught as a society we suffer we have something that causes us pain we have this guilt when we're not taking action we feel like we're not doing enough we feel like we don't have enough we feel like we're not making enough and that that that feeling of guilt that feeling of i'm not where i should be a thought i've thought to myself thousands of times maybe you have too i'm not where i should be i'm not where i should be that creates suffering that creates internal pain and guess what it's uncomfortable and we're humans if something causes us discomfort we want to get away from it so what do we do a lot of us to get away from the suffering we do something what we think is noble we go achieve we go make money we go scale a business we go close more clients we go help more people i was helping lots of people i was doing good in the world but guess what every time i would help a client have a breakthrough every time i'd hit a new milestone in revenue ah for like a day for a day i would get a break from my suffering for a day it would go away but then guess what i would wake up the next day or i'd wake up the next monday and boom the feeling was there and i was just on this roller coaster and here's the thing you may think this too if i just achieve the next big thing the suffering will go away forever i'll be safe forever i'll have inner peace forever and it's just simply not true your inner world will always construct your outer world meaning what's going on in the level of your thoughts your emotions your internal energy will always influence the circumstances you find yourself in will always always impact the opportunities or not opportunities the the wins and the losses truly your inner world will determine all of this and neuroscience is showing this quantum physics is showing this psychology is showing this bioenergetics is showing this truly science has shown what spiritual masters have been saying for thousands of years what's going on inside is what you're going to experience outside in some way shape or form this is what carl jung called the shadow you will experience yourself reflected back to you that that's what your life really is and so if you're on this if you're on this loop thinking ah i don't feel good i don't feel like i'm enough i feel like something's missing i don't feel successful enough i need more i need more anymore and there's nothing wrong with being ambitious there's nothing wrong with wanting to evolve and expand that's beautiful that's why you're on this earth but if you spend some time in stillness by yourself you will know the difference are you really craving expansion or are you craving the next achievement so you can get a momentary break from the internal suffering now wouldn't it be great to just alleviate the suffering at its source so that you're no longer have this guilt monster chasing you if you don't achieve if you have this worrying anxiety monster chasing you if you don't uh make enough money or help enough people or hit certain goals and again i'm not telling you to become unambitious you'll see that when you make this change because at wake up wealthy we've helped hundreds of guys make this exact change and guess what when they alleviate the cause of their suffering they don't atrophy into a blob of nothingness they actually make more money help more people and do it in a more peaceful way because guess what they're no longer wasting energy ruminating about guilt and anxiety that doesn't really exist in the objective world it only exists in here when you can solve it at its source you unlock think of all the energy and time you use with your mind wandering about what might go wrong or what went wrong in the past or what people might think or you know if you fail and you lose all your money and you end up alone that's what i always used to think if i do this and i fail and i lose my money i will be alone that thought consumed so much time and energy and created so much suffering and anxiety in my life and guess what no achievement made it go away it numbed it for a little bit but it didn't make it go away so if this is happening in your life join the club it's part of the society we grew up in it's part of what our parents were taught by their parents and what their parents were taught by their parents go work hard and go achieve and you can feel good for a little bit but then the guilt comes back the shame comes back then not having enough comes back then not being as successful as you should comes back it's a vicious cycle that will take your life from you it will take time from you it will cause so much stress and raise cortisol levels in your body it'll prematurely age your cells and kill your muscles it prematurely kills your neurons chronically elevated stress levels literally will slowly kill you so why not do it differently right doesn't that sound good wouldn't it be awesome if you could wake up every day and just feel peaceful and go kick ass if you could wake up every day feeling good in your own skin and go make a bunch of money that helps people and helps yourself you can have that too it's not a it doesn't have to be mutually exclusive you can feel really really good and be peaceful and be super productive super successful and achieve a bunch of awesome stuff you just won't be attached to it you won't be defined to it right this is where transformation is so important i call it healing because think about what does the word heal mean the word heal means to come back into normal optimal alignment right if you break your bone if you break your arm guess what it gets set in a cast and then your body just brings it back your body heals it on its own your body brings it back into alignment it restores it back to its natural function the way it was supposed to be that's what healing is it's a restoring to the natural process of how things should be because the most natural ways are the most best ways and so when you can heal then you can actually activate your true greatness right now if you're here if you're suffering and then hustling your way to an achievement so you get a momentary break from suffering just to end up back at suffering i guarantee you're scratching the surface of your potential because i was doing it right i was doing the exact same thing and it wasn't until i started to really actually utilize neuroscience quantum physics bioenergetic psychology nlp things to actually help heal myself and change myself guess what once i healed the cause of my suffering i was no longer a slave to achievement so i could activate deeper levels of my skill set a couple years ago i couldn't get on a camera and talk to you like this because i was still suffering i hadn't activated my true greatness i couldn't coach the men that i coach i couldn't create hundreds of breakthroughs every single year helping hundreds of guys create over at this point 289 million in revenue collectively within the brotherhood like we couldn't do that i couldn't do that if i hadn't gone inward and chose to heal first when you heal then you activate who you really are you activate your real gifts you activate a new caliber and consistency of action and intention and consistency then you can achieve all you want you can achieve all you want all the money you want all the all the impact you want all the inner peace you want you'll see that they all fit together but if you're ignoring your inner state if you're saying hey man i'll get to my anxiety once i hit the next goal hey man i'll work on this guilt that ke i work on this tension i feel in my body all the time i'll work on this people pleasing i'll work on this fear of scarcity i'll work on all that once i hit the next achievement that is what addicts say that themselves if you don't address it at the core if you don't adjust it at the core you're stuck on the loop heel and so you may be watching this and being like well dude i don't like what do i heal i don't know i just have this anxiety i just have this i just have this this uh this guilt if i don't do enough well dude there's a story inside of you your unconscious mind is like a mega computer it stores everything your unconscious mind lives around you it lives within you and it lives around you and like i said it has all the information you could ever need so you need to spend more time with yourself you need to spend more time getting into a cadence with yourself you need to withdraw your attention from the outside world which we're constantly obsessed with in reacting to and you need to go inward and the answers are there and you don't need to force the answers either healing right just like a bone healing itself there's no force there's acknowledgement and alignment that's why i wake up wealthy we walk every single guy that comes in our program through a transformation system called the mastery method and 90 of it is about healing your mindset healing your belief system healing from any conflicts or stressors or traumas that may be lingering from your past so that you can activate new levels of achievement that's it and yeah there's some awesome business tactics in there and some really cool performance optimization in there but the the majority of this stuff is just getting out of our own way so you could be happy you could be peaceful you have to like that's the thing if you are no longer slave to this cycle anxiety goes because anxiety is what anxiety is that obsession with what's next what's next what if what's next is bad what if i don't make it what if i don't make it enough what if i'm not good enough what's next what if what if i get judged next what if what if something bad happens next right it's this infatuation with oh my god what's gonna happen next right when you can heal and you stop this internal cause of self-suffering the need the obsession with what's next fades away because you don't need what's next you'll have it you'll seize it you'll create it you'll respond positively and courageously to it when you work on but you're just not as obsessed with it here's the thing in the present moment anxiety can't really exist truly can't right now right look at this look at the screen hear my voice become aware of the space between you and the screen feel the temperature of the room on your skin breathe feel yourself breathing feel your eyelids feel your tongue on the bottom of your mouth or maybe it's on the roof of your mouth just hear my words and if you're really here you're having a momentary break from stress anxiety or guilt right now once you start thinking about what's next or thinking about things that aren't happening in your objective reality yet you'll have that feeling come back that feeling right somewhere in your inner body right but like when the obsession of oh my god what's next when the obsession leaves peace takes its place and again ask yourself this how do you perform when you're peaceful present feeling grateful for what you have and you're in the in the moment right that's the only place you can access a flow state if you've ever experienced the flow state it's the most valuable use of your time and energy right or do you perform when you are addicted to achievement trying to escape the suffering feeling guilt feeling anxiety obsessed with what's next right like which version of yourself do you want to be more and why again after helping hundreds and hundreds of people i could tell you that when you heal your greatness activates your achievement skyrockets i've seen in my life i've seen in the hundreds of men we've helped here wake up wealthy so when it comes to resources when it comes to resources to actually going inward and identifying what are my subconscious limits what are my subconscious beliefs that are causing suffering maybe there is some trauma that needs to heal that's cool we all have it if you go to wakeupwealthy.com we have tons of trainings tons of meditations ton of neuroscientifically engineered hypnosis and nlp sessions to let everything you need to not only build a seven-figure business but to build a prosperous peaceful and powerful mindset it's all there all there it's free go find it go use it but until you make the choice you'll be stuck on this and i guarantee you this just keeps scaling up the next achievement is going to save me from my suffering the next achievement is going to bring me security and safety the next achievement is going to end it's not because remember just like the flooding in your basement just like the leaky pipe if you don't address it at the core it's just going to keep on going and keep on going and keep on going and keep on going so head to wakeupwealthy.com start consuming those trainings you'll learn how to optimize your mind you'll learn how to heal and bring things back into optimum alignment and organization and optimization you'll tons of free meditations tons of free things to use there we want to help you we want to serve you if you are an ambitious man who is on a path to make more money help more people maximize that potential so that when your head hits the pillow at night you feel good when your head hits the pillow at the end of this life you feel good about it that's that's why we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here so get honest with yourself if this is what's going on in your life this path will end suffering this path will end for more resources go to wakeupwealthy.com use them and you'll see that it works just like it's worked the hundreds and hundreds of times it's worked before talk soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheGatewayProductions [1 likes]: Many thanks for this video! Anxiety is terrible but we can fight it!
  2. @cbmofficial666: Why does this have so little views. Thanks guys I really needed this

- How to Overcome Financial Anxiety with Lewis Howes | Networth & Chill with Your Rich BFF: Kind: captions Language: en My brother went to prison for four and a half years selling drugs to an undercover cop. All the excess money that my parents had, which wasn't a lot, went towards legal fees. And the stress around having less money was just felt. And these little memories and moments created wounds within me. Nintendo was big back when I was a kid. We couldn't afford a Nintendo. People were playing roller hockey and I would play in sneakers cuz we couldn't afford roller blades. So just little things like that. It was just like, "Oh, we don't have enough." But for me, those wounds were deep. It shaped my belief system around money where I didn't understand it. There was never enough. How do I make money? How do I manage money? How do I invest money? I just had no clue. Support for Network and Chill comes from Amazon Pharmacy. The last thing you want to do when you're sick is go pick up your prescription at the pharmacy because then you're standing in a long line with a whole bunch of other sick people and everyone is sick of being sick, especially around other people who are sick. Amazon Pharmacy will deliver right to you fast so you can get meds without congregating amongst the contagious. Healthcare just got less painful. Amazon Pharmacy. Learn more at health.amazon.com. What's up rich friends? Welcome back to another episode of Netorth and Chill with me, your host Vivian 2, aka your rich bff and your favorite Wall Street girly. So today we are talking all about wealth, but it's not necessarily just the number in your bank account. A lot of the times it has a lot to do with mindset. There are some people out there who have a lot of zeros in their bank accounts, but they have a very broke mindset and very much vice versa. Folks who might be living paycheck to paycheck, but have an abundant mindset. So, one of the first steps I actually talk about in my book, Rich AF, is understanding that you need to change your relationship with money. And today's guest is not only a success in his own right, but is an expert on helping you create the mindset that you want to have the life that you deserve. So, he's the mastermind behind the School of Greatness podcast with over 500 million downloads. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think it's over a billion now. That's an That's an outdated number. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Correct me, please. Talk that talk. Um, a New York Times best-selling author and a former pro alete. You wouldn't tell you wouldn't be able to tell because he's actually 5'2 in person. He just looks really, really large on camera. I'm going to start spreading this rumor. Um, but this man has interviewed everyone from business titans to celebrities and to yours truly. But today, we are turning the tables. I'm hosting, you're answering. Everyone, please welcome Louis House. Thanks for having me. Appreciate it. I'm so glad that we are back together. Um, funny enough, the last time I was on your podcast, I was about to launch a book and this time we're here to celebrate yours and to learn a little bit more about how to make money easy. Everybody look cuz most people make it hard. I mean, that's real. That's real. That is for sure real. And you are a super responsible guy. You have a super Okay, listen. And I'm just spreading rumors on this podcast right now. You're 5'2 and you're responsible. Yeah. 52 responsible. Um, and you have a But in fairness, you do have a really super successful business. Um, and you're putting out phenomenal content. Thank you. But our interview blew up. People loved it. I mean, all the clips got like 20 million views. We vibe. We have good banter. It's true. But since we have established that, we're the same height, you know. That's why. Yes. We are the exact same height. Uh, we're like twins. Twins. You couldn't even tell us apart. Exactly. Um, but since we've established that you are so responsible, I want to know what is the dumbest thing you've ever spent your money on? Crypto. Crypto lost lost over 120 grand in some like sub crypto coin like in 2020 when everyone was Well, originally I had friends who were getting invested in into I don't know if you can call it investing, but depending on Yeah, I guess it depending depending how you do it. If you do it full-time, like eight hours a day, I think it's investing. If you're like, I'm going to put money in and just it's going to go through the moon, then I think it's a gamble. Yeah. I think if you're paying attention and you're putting your energy and focus on something, it could be an investment. So, I don't want to say that because I know some people I know some people who do it full-time, and they make a living from it. So, but I was like, "All right, I'm going to jump in." Uh, I had friends get into it early in 2017, probably, I guess, the second wave of it, and I I said, "No, I'm not going to do But then I got in around 2020 when I had all the time on my, you know, my hands sitting around and everyone's on Zoom calls talking about the next kind of thing and I was like, "God, I'm not going to miss out on this." And I put 120 grand into something. FOMO. I had FOMO and I had I mean, listen, I had some extra cash, too. So, I was like, "All right, let me risk it. I'm willing to risk it and lose it, but I don't like losing money. It doesn't feel good." So, I feel dumb for doing it now. But then it's like, "Okay, well, you see some people who make a lot." And this is one of the reasons why I got into the research behind my own money wounds. Like why was I chasing money? Why was I? And you know the reason I call the book Make Money Easy is because I don't think you can make easy money. And I think a lot of people try to make easy money and rarely does that work and it's not sustainable. Maybe you get an easy win. Like maybe you got in early on crypto or something and it's like man you got lucky and you got out at the right time so you made some money. Easy. But if you keep trying to do that same strategy, it's usually not going to work long term, right? And so I think the goal for me was, okay, I still have money wounds. Sure, I've been good at making money over time, but I wasn't always good at making money, and I struggled with it. I didn't understand money. I was afraid of it. I had a lot of scarcity inside of me around money. M and when I found some money mentors early on, I started to learn how to monetize my skills and how to be consistent and hopefully be more responsible, but I wasn't responsible in this crypto thing. And I still it doesn't feel good still today. You you mentioned your money wounds. Can we like roll the tape back like into little kid Lewis? Like where do you think some of those money wounds came from? I think everyone has a complex childhood. Uh whether they want to believe it or not, even if they have a good family life or they had good parents or they lived in a good neighborhood, you know, Bella lived in Massachusetts. Probably had probably had two parents that were married, live in middle upper class in Massachusetts. Probably went to like maybe a private boarding school in high school. Who knows? Are you profiling my assistant? A little bit, but I could be completely wrong. Okay, I could be completely wrong. Maybe she went to a public school. I don't know. But she had a lot of rich friends. I bet she had a lot of rich friends. Some rich friends. Did we, Bella? Who knows? No. Not quite. Well, depending where she went to school. Who knows? Anyways, I'm just saying people could have a good childhood, good family life, good parents, good friends, not that many traumas, but still have a complex childhood. Yeah. And our money story really starts to shape our belief system around money and our beliefs around everything in life. And I believe our beliefs dictate or influence our behaviors. And so when we start to have a story that we think about and the memories that are intertwined into our nervous system, into our mindset, we have a money style. We could be anxious. We could be avoidant. We could be I'm going to spend all day long and not care what I spend on. We could have a certain style based on our story. And my story was my I was sexually abused when I was five. Not to get too deep here on this show, but I was sexually abused when I was five. So, I had a big abuse and taking advantage of wound. Yeah. By a man that I didn't know, the babysitter's son who's probably in his late teens. That was one of my first memories. Now, I had two parents that loved me, but they didn't love themselves, and they argued about everything constantly, it felt like. So, I had this anxiety around being at home. So, I left home at 13 to get away from my parents and and just home life. I also started stealing a lot when I was 10, 11, 12. So I would steal like candy bars at stores or cigarettes or whatever I could do just to feel powerful because I felt powerless at home. Um when I was 8 years old, my brother went to prison for four and a undercover cop. So all the excess money around having less money was just there. It was just felt. Again, we weren't sleeping on the streets, but we weren't middle upper class. Um, and these little memories and moments created wounds within me. You know, Nintendo was big back when I was a kid. We couldn't afford a Nintendo. So, it's just like, oh, we don't have enough. people were playing roller hockey and I would play in sneakers because we couldn't afford rollerblades. So, just little things like that and it's all perspective based on where you live and where you grow up. But for me, those wounds were deep and it shaped my belief system around money where I didn't understand it. There was never enough. It's confusing. I don't know who's going to give me money. Why would someone give me money? How do I make money? How do I manage money? How do I invest money? I just had no clue. So, I said, I'm going to go all in on pursuing my dreams of being a professional football player. I went to play arena football in my early 20s and then I got injured in my first season. I was just going to ask you all about this. Like, what happens when someone who is your size, 5'2 or probably what, 65? Yeah. 65, 6'4. You put all of your effort into something that has been glorified, frankly, in our culture as like your ticket to freedom, your ticket out of there, and then you get hurt. It's devastating. I mean, were you terrified? It was my whole dream. So, it was more than just a dream. It was an identity. So, imagine getting married to the man of your dreams and then all of a sudden he, you know, breaks up with you and it's like your whole life and your dreams and your identity is in a relationship. It feels devastating. You're like, you're not sure who you are, what to do next, and and what's the purpose of it all? You start questioning life. You start questioning the world. You start questioning your belief systems around God. Everything is questioned when your identity shifts. And for me, I had no money. I was in college debt. I hadn't graduated college yet. So, I didn't have a college degree. I was a few credits shy. And this was the end of 2007 when the housing uh crisis crash happened. 2007 through 2009, I guess. So, I'm sleeping on my sister's couch for a year and a half. I'm 23, 24 years old, have no money, can't buy anything, and I'm living off of her. So, I just felt helpless again. I went back to this powerless state. And it's a state of mind. It's a state of being. And for me, I didn't know what to do. So, for about a year, I'm kind of just sitting there recovering from this injury, the surgery that I had and kind of just a little depressed, a little down, sad, not sure what to do, and hoping that other people will take care of me. So, I had my sister was taking care of me and after a year and a half, she gave me an amazing gift. She said, "You got to pay rent or you got to leave." She forced me to step up. She was she was coddling me for a period of time, probably a little too long, but thankfully she let me stay there for a while. And she said, "You got to pay rent or you need to leave in a loving way." And so, like any youngest brother would do, I called my older brother and said, "Can I stay with you?" And he said, "You need to pay $250 a month for a room to rent." And I was like, "Okay, I got to figure out how to make money." And it may seem small, $250 bucks a month, but for me it felt like thousands of dollars. I was like, how am I going to make any money? I have no skills, no clue how to monetize my skills and what my skills are. Who would ever give me money? Why would they give me money? What value can I bring to someone? And it was at that time I said, I need to find some mentors. And those mentors started giving me clues and opportunities to take action to develop skills which eventually turned into wealth. What is one of the most important things that one of those mentors taught you? Probably one of the most important things I heard was money comes to you when you're ready for it. And at the time, sleeping on my sister's couch, having no money, I said, "I'm pretty ready to make money. I'm pretty like, I'm ready for this. Bring it to me. Give it to me." And he just kept saying, "Money comes to you when you're ready for it." And maybe feel free to push back on this if you think it's, you know, BS, but at that time, I was not emotionally ready to receive wealth. M had I had thousands of dollars come to me at that moment, I probably would have spent it on crypto or or gone out and just blown it, like I would have spent it, I wouldn't have learned how to be a steward of the money to really navigate it and to feel emotionally safe. I would have been like, "Ah, what do I do with this?" My nervous system would have been excited and I probably would have blown in on something. I think my take on that is similar, but it's actually a physics principle. An object in motion stays in motion. So, if you are someone who is a responsible money manager and you get money, you're going to do the right thing. Yes. The same way that you were if you had less of it. But if you are already kind of acting a fool with your your finances, you getting a large lump sum of money doesn't suddenly turn you into the responsible person. No, it just exacerbates the type of person you already are. So, I agree in that money comes to you when you're ready for it, but more so money stays with you when you're ready for it. 100%. Cuz it'll come to you whenever. You might blow it though. Correct. And then it just might be gone again. Exactly. which is you probably know about all the the lottery winners and how they blow most of them blow it all and all proathletes and they're broke within seven years and proathletes go bankrupt a lot of them within a couple years after their retirement because they just weren't ready for it. Maybe they're ready to play the game at a high level but they understand how to manage money at a high level that much money at 18, 19, 20. I don't know. I wasn't ready for that. No, I would have been excited about it, but I probably would have blown it. And so about a year and a half, two years after that, as I started to make some money, and once I learned how to make money, it actually started to come pretty quickly. It was like a switch turned on. It took a couple years of like, gosh, I'm just struggling to make a few hundred here and there, but once it was like, oh, I made $6,200 in an hour one time. And doing what? I did a a a free live webinar. This was in 200 uh either end of 2009 or 10. I did a free live webinar teaching an audience of people about LinkedIn, how to use LinkedIn to get quality relationships and connections and build their profile because that's what I was doing on my sister's couch. I was obsessing about LinkedIn to try to connect with people to find a job. And eventually someone was like, "Hey, I really like your profile. Can you show me how to optimize mine?" and I did it for free. And he said, "Here's $100. This is going to change my business." And I was like, "You'll pay me for this? I'm just I'm just kind of tinkering around on here all day to try to like meet people and make my profile look good so I can get a job." Right? He was like, "You have no idea what you just did for me because I've been trying to figure this out. I don't understand it." And I go, "Oh, okay. Maybe if one person will pay me $100, I can get more people to do this." And I took I took that as far as I could until I was like, "Oh, this isn't scalable. Okay, why don't I write a book? I'm hearing about people writing books about their stuff and someone wrote like a Twitter book at the time. So I was like, "Oh, maybe I can write a LinkedIn book, but I don't know how to write. I don't know how to do a book. I don't know how to publish." So I found a mentor who had written books and he just gave me the lessons and I followed the prompts within six months wrote a book about LinkedIn in 2010. And then I was like, "Oh, selling a book for $20, you don't make a lot of money." I was like, "Okay, people are starting to do these like online courses. maybe I could do like this webinar and do a course, but I have no clue what I'm doing. I found a mentor with a model who had already done it. And so my my first webinar that I did uh was of another guy promoting it. His name is Joel Comm. He promoted it to his audience. So I was just a speaker doing it for free. And he said, "I want you to have a course that you can sell at the end." I go, "I have no idea what I'm doing, but I'm going to act like I do. I'll figure it out." I didn't have a course. I had a PayPal link for people. This is like pre like any course platform was out there. And I just had this long PayPal link that wasn't even customized and I said, "Here you go." Like type in these letters like PayPal whatever and um within 30 minutes after the the webinar was complete, I opened up my email and every line said, "You've received payment." And it just like it exploded something in my mind in that moment. And they didn't buy anything. They were just donating it. They pre-ordered. Oh, they pre-ordered something that did not exist. Did not exist. I was like, "Hey guys, if you sign up for this in two weeks, I'll send you information maybe on Yeah, you'll you'll get this thing and I'll do a live webinar training uh in two weeks every week for four weeks." I was like, I'm going to do a boot camp. And and that's how I sold it. I pre-sold it. You pre-sold? And for me, I never created anything after that until I pre-sold it. Because a lot of people would make these courses or programs without people raising their hands saying, "I'm interested." They just thought they knew what people wanted. But I'd rather have someone pre-order something or really show interest, whether they're opting in for a newsletter or something around that topic before making the program. And that was a big eye opener for me. I mean, I was freaking out. Again, I'm paying $250 a month at my brother's house at that time. It's in the middle of Ohio. in the summer. I'm sweating during the webinar. There's no video camera on at that time, but I'm like in a in a wife beater tank top, like sweating. Uh, and I'm freaking out that $6,200 was instantly in my PayPal account. That was more money than I ever had in my life, right? And it just broke my mind and I was just like, "Wow, the power of reaching the masses with a message, but really adding value." And you asked me like, "What's one of the biggest money mentor lessons that I had?" One of them was uh money comes to you when you're ready for it and like you said, money stays with you when you're ready for it or you're responsible for it. But another one was really the power of the spoken word. I was terrified to speak in front of a group of three or four peers all through school. I could not share my message or my vision with anyone without stuttering and just being afraid. And I met someone, another mentor who is a professional speaker. And he was like, if you want to influence anyone in a career, a boardroom or you want to be a speaker in the future, you have to overcome your fear of public speaking and you have to learn spoken word and written word. And I said, well, how do I do that? And he said, go to Toastmasters. And so, do you know what Toast Masters is? Yes. I had no I never heard of it before. It's a public speaking course class. You pay 100 bucks a year for it. They're all over the world. And I went every single week for the next year. And I was so bad. I was terrified. I was horrible at giving speeches. But doing it every single week for a year, I got better. And by having that training, it gave me the courage and the confidence to do this kind of live webinar. And I started doing free workshops and paid workshops and speaking on stages after that point. But I was never a talented speaker. And still today, I have a lot to learn. But that lesson of the art of communication has made me a multi-millionaire and it's changed your life because I feel like so many people are terrified of public speaking. Transformed my life. And I think even today probably like just Gen Z. I don't know. I I worry about the younger generation because I just feel like they're constantly on their phone. They're not even connecting with their friends next to each other. It's like they're just messaging. Um and maybe they won't need to be have the ability to speak on stage or in a boardroom or whatever it might be. Maybe they don't need that in the future. But for me, it has given me an incredible life. You talk a lot now on your podcast, over a billion downloads, and a big thing that you do talk about is like people's past mistakes and how we can all be better, how we can be greater versions of oursel. What do you think is one thing that people really struggle with just across the board when it comes to their money or their mindset? I believe that the the biggest thing that holds people back is self-doubt and them doubting their abilities. How do I get rid of that self-doubt? You got to heal the past. And that's why I talked about money wounds early on. You know, I've a lot of my things are about I believe self-doubt is the killer of dreams. When we doubt ourselves, we are it doesn't matter how talented or smart you are, you're going to limit yourself in what you're able to do. I've seen in in sports for example I've seen incredible freak athletes way more talented than me just not hear in the mind not have courage not have confidence and it holds them back but there are three main things that cause you to doubt self-doubt that hold you back the three fears fear of failure a lot of people are afraid to put themselves out there because they don't want to fail um and if I'm in a room and I ask people to raise their hand if they've ever been afraid to fail most people in a room say I'm afraid to go after my dream because I don't want to fail. That's the number one fear for people that holds them back. That makes them doubt themselves. The second thing is something that I never understood which is the fear of success. And I always wanted to succeed because I never felt like I was good enough. And so I wanted that acknowledgement. I wanted the success to feel better. But most people I realized they're they're afraid of the weight of gold. There was a pressure. Explain that to me. There's an amazing documentary called The Weight of Gold about Olympic gold medalists who train their whole life for a dream and then they go and win the gold medal and then within weeks and months they're depressed and they can't manage the pressure of success. They can't manage everyone reaching out to them asking for something. They can't manage the the weight of living up to that success. And that weight holds people down. What's the the old term like heavy is the head that wears the crown or something? It's like to whom much is given, much is expected, much all this stuff. It's like you have that responsibility. You said to me, you're a very responsible guy. It's a pressure to be responsible every single day and show up and be responsible in your marriage, be responsible with your team, with your money. It's like you have to be on your game consistently. And it's a lot. And if you're not ready for that pressure, it could [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. And for me, I look at pressure as a privilege. Like, I welcome it. And I I know it's what's going to give me a richer life, a more abundant life if I'm able to be disciplined enough and routine enough to handle the weight of all the emotions, all the pressure, all the critiques, all the comments, good and bad. I've got to be able to navigate that emotionally, which means my nervous system has to feel safe. And I think if you want to live a rich, abundant financial life, you have to and manage it well, you have to have a calm nervous system. Talk to me about that. How do we make our pressure work for us so that we can do whatever we want instead of choking? I think you got to put yourself in pressurefilled situations consistently. You have to create micro stresses throughout the day. Micro stresses. You have to you have to create these micro stresses. So for example, um every day I I create micro stresses around waking up early. Like I don't want to do that, but it's like a micro stress in terms of yes, I'd rather sleep another hour, but I told myself this is my dream and this is what I want to create and it's going to require me getting up early so I can go work out. So I got to do that. I got to take care of me and my future self is thanking me every time I make a bid to wake up mo early that morning and I move my body. I don't have to kill myself in the gym, but just doing what I said I was going to do. My future self is thanking me and that's a micro stress that is powerful. It's expanding my container to create a richer life in my health, money, relationships, whatever it might be. Another example, I just got married three, I guess three and a half almost four weeks ago, right? And I remember when you came on my show, you were talking about the marriage stuff and everything. You're giving me some advice. So, I appreciate that advice. And I just got married a month ago, and I'm like all these things. I'm like, this feels overwhelming. But I know by stretching myself right now, and by just uh making it more uncomfortable, it's going to feel like a breeze the rest of the year. Now, I'm not going to do this every week and every I'm not going to get married and plan a wedding and do destination wedding and then do a book tour every week, every month, but it's like it's expanding me to be able to carry and contain more so I can have a richer, more abundant life. And so, you got to figure out what works for you to create these micro stresses to be able to contain more pressure in your life and not break. Support for net worth and chill comes from Amazon. Have you ever gotten sick on a very expensive, very non-refundable family trip? Amazon 1 Medical has 247 virtual care so you can get help no matter where you are. And with Amazon Pharmacy, your meds can get delivered right to your hotel fast. It's kind of like the room service of medical care. Thanks to Amazon, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more at health.amazon.com. So, we're making these micro stresses in our life. But my question is, how do we keep our word to ourselves? I think that's something that a lot of people struggle with. You know, the people January 1, I'm going to eat right. I'm going to work out. I'm going to get a better job. I'm going to do everything. Like, how do I make my word? Because when I make a deal with someone and we shake hands, we're good. I'm going to do right by you. But I break deals with myself quite a lot. I don't know if you're going to like what I'm about to say. Oh no. You know, I'm seeing this uh it says unlicensed therapy up there in the corner of this room. Um I think you break your word more when you have when you haven't healed your wounds. Again, I just go back to heal the wounds again. It doesn't And again, I break my word. It's not like I'm this perfect human being. I'm out of integrity with myself frequently, but I feel like I'm more in integrity with myself than I'm out of integrity. And I try to break it down into daily wins. I really try to manage just the day, not the whole year. What am I saying I'm going to do to myself for myself tomorrow? And making sure I show up at the highest level of integrity and one day at a time. So for me, it goes back into healing the wounds of the past or the memories of the past that cause you to feel emotionally charged or emotionally triggered when life happens, when something's happening in life. Are you reactive? You probably know way more about physics than me, but anytime there's an event happening, are you triggered and reactive to it in a negative way? If so, it's poking a wound, an emotional or psychological wound. If you broke your arm and I poked you in your arm, you'd be like, "Ah." And you'd be like, "Get the heck off me." But if someone uh, you know, cuts you off in the street, are you emotionally or psychologically reactive? If so, there's some type of wound, some type of trauma that is not healed yet in your nervous system that's causing you to be defensive, guarded, or feel taken advantage of. So, I had many psychological and emotional wounds that made me feel insecure with money and made me feel like especially when I felt like someone was taking advantage of me or overcharging, I would get really reactive because I felt abused as a kid and therefore I felt abused as an adult. And money was an emotionally charged thing for me and in some ways it still is. It's not like I've mastered this. It's a constant journey. Do you have like a money story that is just the most poignant memory when it comes to you and your money? Yes. Um, I was in elementary school and my my uh brother went to prison and I grew up in a small town in Ohio, so everyone knew everyone's stuff in in the suburbs, right? And I wasn't allowed or at least it felt like this. No parents came up to me, but it felt like I wasn't allowed to have friends at this point because because your brother my brother's in prison, right? So the neighborhood parents, do they want their younger kids hanging out with me? Probably not. You're like, uh, that's a bad kid, right? Just by association. And so I didn't really have friends from this time. And I felt very lonely and unworthy, all these different things. And I remember there was two kids down the block who were starting a club. I don't know if you're ever in a club as a kid, but they started this like after school club in their parents' basement, right? And I was like, "Ah, I want to be in the club." Just like excited. And they said, "Okay, there's two ways to get in the club. You can either answer questions to get in correctly or you have to pay." I was like, "Okay, well, I don't have any money, so what's the questions?" They asked me the questions. I didn't know the answers, so I felt dumb. And they said, "You need to bring back $5 to be in the club if you want to be essentially be our friends." And so I went home. I asked my mom. I said, "I want to join this club. Can can you give me $5?" She looked at me with disappointment, not necessarily because I had to pay to have friends, but because she didn't have the money to give me. And so she said, "Okay, go to the couch and unturn the cushions and see if you can find some change. I'm going through every cushion I can, every drawer in her dresser to try to find loose change. An hour later, we get $5 of change. She puts in a shoe box and I take it over to these kids' basement where they have the club. And I say, "Here's the money." And for the next hour, these two kids are kind of playing by themselves in the corner of the basement. And I'm just there alone. And so I feel so humiliated that I pay money for friends and they still don't want to hang out with me. I never went back after that day to this, you know, imaginary club. And it just was a a memory that created a wound, right? It may seem like silly or simple today. Talk about it's not silly or simple. I understand, but for me, it was a wound that again, it never healed. And more stories and more things like that happened. People stole from money from me. I stole a lot of things from people as well, from stores. And so it just created these micro wounds that never healed. that became a story that shaped my beliefs and those beliefs influenced my behavior in life. Death by a thousand paper cuts. Exactly. And so that was just a a cycle and a loop and that behavior created kind of my money strategy. It was how I engaged with how I received money, how I spent money, how I hoarded money for years. I wouldn't spend anything. I was afraid to go broke again. So, I was a millionaire, but I wouldn't spend it because I was terrified to go back on my sister's couch. That's not a rich life to me. That's not an abundant life. That's scarce. And again, it made me feel insecure with the money I had in my late 20s, early early 30s. And it took years to unwind and to heal and feel more confident with it. How has your money relationship changed now? And I know you say you're still on your journey. You're still working on it, but how have things shifted and how have they gotten better? You know, the reason I wanted to kind of research in this book was not because I had like the the answers because I wanted the answers. Cuz I was like, okay, I'm still not financially free. Yes, if you look at my net worth. Um, you know, people would do anything to have that net worth and I would be like, you should be free. 100% I should be free. But I was like, why am I still struggling with money even though I have a lot of money in the bank? Why? I have my retirement set up. I've got my life insurance. I've got my tax savings plans. I got my HSA accounts. I've got my charity accounts. I've got all the accounts that every financial planner has told me to do and then probably too many other things. And I could still do more. But I'm like, I'm set up, you know, I'm okay. Why do I still not feel free emotionally, psychologically around my money? And so I wanted to dive in deeper and really interview people like yourself who have more knowledge than me and say what is this? What is this process? And interview the therapists and the psychologists and the billionaires who have you know gone through depression and all these different things and say how can I be financially free and for me it it came down to really understanding first the wounds. And I go back to this because I feel like it doesn't matter how much money I had, unless I was able to go back and address the wounds and forgive myself and create meaning from those wounds. Then I can set myself emotionally free. And once I'm emotionally free, I can feel more financially free. I can feel richer in myself. I can look myself in the mirror and say, "I accept you. You're forgiven. I love you. And everything's going to be okay." And again, this might sound a little weird. This might sound a little off. And people may not maybe not thought this was going to happen during this, but for me, money is an energy. And if my energy is scarce, I'm going to feel trapped. If my energy is abundant and peaceful and harmonious, I will feel free. And when I look at my bank account or when I receive money or when I spend money, I was not feeling free. I was feeling anxious still. And I was like, I no longer want to feel this way. So, what is it going to take to help me to be free from myself? And by healing those wounds of the past, creating a new story and a new strategy, I can now receive money and say, "Thank you. Thank you for being here. Where do you want to go?" My friend Ken Honda wrote a book called Happy Money, and he told me this lesson. When money comes to you, I don't care if it's a penny or a million dollars or anything in between, say thank you. Say thank you to the person giving to you. If you see it on the street, pick it up and say, "Thank you. Thank you for coming to me." Where would you like to go? And I'm going to ask you this question. If money was a person and money walked into the door right now and it was a person, it represented a person, a person. Okay. And it walked through the door. How would you react to money? Say I wasn't here and you had all the time in the world. What would you do or say or not do if a person walked in who represented the relationship of money to you? What would you do? You know what's so funny? I want to lie to you and say that I'd run up to them and hug them, but I'd be like a little nervous. Why? I can't tell you. I think just a little bit of trepidation, a little bit of like what if I do the wrong thing? What if I I hate this question. I'm glad you're sharing this. This is powerful. I really really wanted to lie to you and be like I would run. I'd be so happy to see what I No, this is fascinating. Now, I want everyone watching or listening uh to imagine money walks in the door right now. It's a person. It represents a person and and the emotional mental feeling you have around money in your life. And I want you to leave a comment below, whether you're on social media or YouTube, and leave a comment and say, "What would you do if money walked in the door right now as a person?" And I'll give you an example of someone close in my life who's in their late 20s. Um, of what they said. I said, "Money walks, you're at a restaurant, money walks in. What would you do?" And they said, "I would go to the bar, hide. I'd go to the bar and hide and then I would start talking about money behind its back and gossiping about money. Then when it came up to me, I would try to avoid it. But then it came up to me, I would act like I'm interested and intrigued and excited. Then I would use and abuse money when I needed it. And then I would ghost it and I would never respond to it. And I go, man, money must not feel loved in your life. Imagine the relationship that money has with you if you treat it that way. If you think about it that way, if you act about it that way, if you talk about it behind its back. Imagine your friend, you were money. Uh your friend is that relationship. How do you think your friend would feel if you they came in the door and you ran away, you gossip behind his back, you ghosted your friend, and then you use and abuse your friend. Imagine that relationship. It would suffer. Yeah. It would be a horrible relationship. And I want you people to imagine their own relationship with money. And I think the way you feel free money in your life is by having a beautiful relationship with it. And that means we have to start reflecting on our money relationship. So what is it? Do you ever speak about money? I know you talk about a lot of these things, but do you ever have healthy conversations about money or are you afraid to talk about money? Okay, just notice. Do you ever even open your bank account? Are you too afraid to see what's in there? Um, when you spend it, do you feel anxious and afraid? Do you feel like you can't spend it on certain things? Just imagine your relationship and start to assess and reflect on it and see how does it make me feel. Is this a beautiful relationship or does it not serve and support me in feeling free emotionally? And again act and imagine your best friend. The one that you can actually say anything to even if it's scary but you come together stronger after the person you never gossip about behind their back cuz you really love them. You respect them and you would never want to hurt their feelings. The person that they call you and you pick up or you call them right back when you get a moment and you say, "What do you need? I'm here for you." The person when they walk in the door they say, "I'm so happy to see you. You're such a gift in this world. Thank you for being my friend." Just imagine that relationship and if that was a similar relationship you had with money. I feel like you would have a beautiful harmonious experience around the money in your life. Whether it was here, whether you were spending it, you had a lot of it, you had a little of it, you would have a healthier relationship with it. And speaking of healthier relationships, you have top seven habits. Yes. Of folks who have a really good relationship with money, have a strong money mindset. Can you share maybe one or two? Tease it for us. Well, this is the thing. You know, once you understand your money story, you can start to notice what your money style is. Okay? Am I anxious? Am I more avoidant? Or do I have a What are you? I would say right now, I'm very secure, but it doesn't mean I don't have triggers that still cause me to say, "Oh, why did that come up for me? Let me reflect and get back into a peaceful place around this." I would say I'm a very responsible person now around money, but it's because I've made a lot of mistakes. It's because I set up systems in place and I automate things so I don't have to think about and stress about it as much anymore. And I used to not spend more. I used to not wear like I have a Rolex that a friend gave me and I used to never wear like things that were nice. You know, this is actually like a $30 t-shirt or something. It's just kind of whatever. But I never used to wear nice things cuz like I just want to be modest and this and this. But I was like if someone gives me a gift, I'm going to appreciate it. I'm going to say thank you. So, I'm going to wear it more. Um, I made a nice ring for myself. I was like, I would never make this type of like blingy ring. Right. I like the blingy ring. I was like, it's your wedding band. It's my wedding band. I like this. And I designed it and I was going to do something like very s I have another simple one, too. But I was like, you know what? I need to keep having these kind of courageous moments around money and invest in me. And even if it's like different or feels off, it's I need to take those steps for me to grow and expand my abundance. But the first habit uh within the book that I talk about is you've interviewed and you know a lot of billionaires and people who've exited companies for hundreds of millions of dollars and I've interviewed so many of these individuals and the ones that I really respect are the ones that are giving back and who are also care about charity in their life and they want to give some of their money and I always ask these billionaires like what do you think is one of the main reasons why you're able to earn more every single year. And probably 80 to 90% of the time, the first thing is they say is it's because I give more. Every year I give more. For whatever reason, the next year I make more than I did the year before. And it's not just like giving more that's comfortable. It's being like, "Oh, that's a lot. Like, oh man, that feels like that's a lot. Should I really like write this check or like wire this much money? Like that's a lot of money." Even though it's for a good cause, like yeah, I'd rather have that money. It's like the uncomfortable giving to serve another person, another organization, communities, all those billionaires that do that and feel like they have a rich abundant life because there's billionaires that are scarce in my mind that don't have a rich life of course, but the ones that I feel are free emotionally, they give more. And I think that is is a powerful distinction. It's and it's the first habit for me because when I was broke, I wasn't a giver initially. I was a taker. I said, "Someone help me. I have no money. Can you help me give me a job? Can you give me the answers? Can you give me advice?" And I was a taker. And I wasn't getting any results. And when I started to shift that energetically to saying, "How can I be a generous human being?" And I didn't have money to give at that time. So I couldn't give money. But I said, "How can I ask curious questions?" And I realized that was one of my biggest gifts. And I turned it into a massive a podcast. It's a whole business. And I never thought asking questions could make me a millionaire. Yeah. And it didn't happen overnight. It took a years. You told me 10 years the last time I saw you cuz I asked you. I was like, I'm building out a podcast. Yours is incredible. Like what's the secret sauce? And you told me I just had my 12 year anniversary last month. And so every week for 12 years, I've done a podcast. And I've sat across people like yourself, brilliant minds, and said curious questions. And I did that early on when I had no money as well. And I didn't think it was being generous, but when you ask someone for advice you're taking. When you ask someone about how they overcame one of their hardest challenges in their life, you're giving them a beautiful gift. And people love to tell stories about how they overcame to get to where they are. They don't want to give advice if they're busy. How many times you get an email that says, "Can I pick your brain for five minutes? Can I take you out for coffee? can I can you give me some advice? But if someone maybe you don't reply, but if someone says, "Vivian, you know, God, what you've done is incredible. You're my inspiration. You're a hero to me. Like, I see myself in you, and I would love to hear your story about a challenging time in a previous relationship or how you really left Wall Street. When you said this one thing, it really just like opened me up to this amazing opportunity for myself." and I'd love to hear your story. Are you open to sharing that? I'm 10 times more likely to respond to idea. It doesn't mean you will for everyone, but you're more likely to say, I'll send a quick voice note. I'll send you a quick message like sure. Hey, we'll do it in the future. Right? And you're giving you a gift, not taking from you. So, the first habit is the mindset habit, which is to give generously in your life. It doesn't mean you have to give money to people, but you need to be thinking, how can I be resourceful in my generous giving, my energy, my love, my attention? Can I can I ask people questions and not talk about me? Um, and early on when I had nothing to give, all I had was passion. I was just like excited to be around people. And people who are in their, you know, late late years, they were like they have no energy, so they wanted to be around my energy and I could give that. So the first habit is the mindset habit and it is gratitude and generosity is the gateway to abundance. So if you can be appreciative for things in your life whether it's a penny, a dollar, someone's time and you can give generously, you're going to create abundance. Don't be a taker, be a giver. I love that advice. Can we get a teaser on number two or Sure. What's what's um the the well the second one or do you want me to give you No, your favorite. My favorite is the Well, there's the mindset habit, the mapping habit, which is about creating a clear game plan for your money. Yeah. Talk to me about making a game plan. Because a lot of times people just say, "I'm broke. I want to have more money." Yeah. And they say, "I want to make a million dollars, but they're not really clear on why they want a million dollars, when they want the million dollars, by and how they're gonna make that million dollars." And I So, wait, so uh why why when and how? Okay. Yeah. So, why do you want the million dollars? When do you want to make this buy? And how are you going to make it? For me, I wasn't really even thinking about that on my sister's couch. I just said, I want to make enough money to get an apartment on my own. On my own. So, that's the why. Yes. I want to be off my sister's couch. I want to feel like a grown ass man and live by myself or be able to afford my own place. And in Columbus, Ohio at the time, uh I found an apartment, a a rundown apartment for $495 a month. This was the cheapest place I could find in Columbus, Ohio. And I was like, I just need $495 a month. Mhm. Maybe a little bit more so I can like buy some ramen noodles, right? Maybe a bed. Maybe a bed. But I was like, I'm going to borrow a bed from someone. I'm going to go on Craigslist and get a free bed, like whatever. But I was like, I need $4.95 a month. So all I was thinking was, I want to think of a season of time right now where I can make a certain amount of money. Sure, one day I'd love to be a millionaire, but I think we should be thinking about seasons of life. What do you want to make this year and why? What do you want to make in the next three months and why? And how can we start creating a game plan to monetizing the unseen skills inside of you to make more money? Because there was a lot of untapped skills that I had that I didn't think were monetizable that became skills and tools that made me financially free. And that was the skill of curiosity, the skill of asking dumb questions, which I didn't think you could ask dumb questions and make money. But I was like always asking these dumb childlike questions like an eight-year-old would ask. And which side note, you are by far one of the best interviewers I have ever met. Thank you. I appreciate it. Appreciate it. But I asked these kind of like random dumb questions. And I didn't think it was a skill that anyone would pay me for. I had big fears around speaking at that time. I didn't know how to read and write. I was dyslexic growing up, so I was very afraid uh to put my words out there to be criticized. But that's when I got mentors and I got people to teach me how to overcome these fears. So I got I made a list of the untapped skills or the unseen skills inside of me and I started learning how to maximize those and I said what are a list of all my fears? I need to go overcome those fears. Combining those two made me more resourceful and made me more courageous to try and risk things to create more money. So the mapping habit for me was what can I do in the next three months? Don't try to think about like some big number right away. It's like what do I really want right in this season of life. So for me that's a powerful thing is getting clear on the map in your life. The monetizing habit is really tapping into your skill sets. And I didn't know what they were. I had to ask people. People had to had to call me out and say, "Man, you got a lot of energy. You're very youthful." You know, I was 24 at the time. Youth is a superpower. Energy is a superpower. And you may not think that's a skill you can monetize, but trust me, it is. Youth is wasted on the young. That's true. I didn't waste it. I went all in. I I used it. Yeah. Um the the fourth one is the mastermind habit. This is the thing. The mastermind habit has made me more money than anything else in my life. And it's simply who you know and building relationships with people, the right people in your life. And I remember the first mastermind I went to, a mastermind for those who don't know is a group of people specifically, usually in an industry that have a certain amount of knowledge at the same skill, subject matter experts. Yeah. And it could be five people in a room, it could be 50 people in a room, but it's kind of coming together, sharing ideas over a period of time. Usually it's a weekend, could be once a week for an hour, whatever it might be. I got into a mastermind early on. I was 2010 and I had just started kind of building this online course business. And I remember in this first year after I made $6,200, I I went hard for the next year. And I made about $250,000 in sales kind of that first year. And I remember I was just like, how do I break through to the next level? I went to this mastermind. It was a group of probably 20 guys and gals. And after this weekend, I met five people throughout the weekend that I said, "Hey, I just want to help you for free on your LinkedIn profile and just help you optimize this so you can make more money. I don't want anything in return. Just want to help you give give generously." The first habit, all of them were like, "Man, this is really powerful. I got some powerful connections. This is going to help me in my business." these five people. Each one of those individuals over the next three months said, "Hey, will you do a free training to my community?" They all had online audiences. Can you teach for free? And I said, "Sure. Can I offer my course and give you 50% of whatever I sell?" They said, "Yes." Within three months, I did a half a million dollars in sales. Wow. And it was just because of one mastermind group where I gave generously and then they offered an opportunity me for me to share with their audience and sell. They gave you access. They gave me access and they had the audience. I didn't have an audience yet and I was like wow it opened my mind to the power of masterminds and again not taking but giving first and being open to receive and I have been a part of different levels of masterminds for the last I guess yeah 15 plus years and it has brought me more wealth than anything else but also just industry knowledge saving you time saving you energy by being in the right room. So, anyone watching or listening, they should try to get into a mastermind with you. And before I let you give away anything else of these incredible seven habits, we are coming up on time. So, I have a couple extra questions. Go ahead. What do you hope people will actually see improve in their line in their lives once they get a handle on their money? What other sectors of life is this going to help impact? Well, I mean, I know you're going to say everything, but talk to me about it. Well, I I just think the only the most important relationship you have is the relationship with yourself. And when you Explain that to me. Well, if you don't love and like yourself, how are you going to love and like others? If at the end of the day, you give all your love to everyone else and you you appreciate everyone else, but then you look yourself in the mirror and you literally look in your eyes for 5 seconds and if you can't say, "I love and I like you. You're a good person. You're doing good. You're not perfect, but you're showing up. You're doing the best you can. And I really admire you for the courage. you continue to show up with. If you can't do that, you're going to live a miserable, poor life. You're going to feel scarce. You're going to feel never enough. You're going to feel like doesn't matter how hard I work, I never feel good enough to me. It doesn't matter if the world says you're amazing if you don't think you are lovable and likable. And I'm not talking about this big ego. I'm amazing and I love myself and shouting in the mirror, I'm pretty. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's not about that. It's do you feel you were living in accordance with the best version of you for where you're at today with the skills, the tools, the knowledge you have today? Did you show up kind when when typically you react in a negative way? Were you more patient with people in your life with your crazy mom who's always asking you to do something or your ex whoever? I need to work on that. You know what I mean? And it doesn't have to be perfect. There's no way that every day I'm perfect. Never. But can I be good with me? And for most of my life, I was never good with me when I looked in the mirror. I could fake it, but it didn't for real didn't feel like I loved, accepted, or liked myself. I hated myself. And no amount of money, no amount of success, no amount of followers and accomplishments made me like myself more. So, I needed to do some deeper healing work to forgive myself, to forgive others, so I could feel free. And again, I I'll share one quick story that emulates this because I know we're we're short on time for you, but I was living in Los Angeles five years ago in a a fancy building, an expensive apartment building. A lot of celebrities were there, billionaires, the whole thing, and I was probably the poorest person there. And but it was really close to my building, my office building. And um one day I went on road trip for a weekend, and I came back. And as I came back into the the the valet of the building, there was a white tent in the valet. And I made a joke to the valet attendant, "Someone didn't jump, did they?" And he looked at me and said, "Yeah, they did." And I thought he was kidding because there was a white tent in the valley in the parking lot. No, someone jumped off this building and it was one of the most expensive buildings in LA. And I was like kind of in shock because I'm around extreme wealth in this building. And I later did some research and the man who jumped was worth a half a billion dollars. His net worth, but he was not emotionally free. It was the day after Father's Day. He was estranged from his son. He didn't have a relationship with his son. And I'm not here to assume I know everything that happened about this guy, but something inside of him was blocking him. He didn't love and accept himself if he was willing to take his own life. No amount of money made him feel free because he had some other demons he had to face. And it's sad for me to see anyone suffer in life. I don't care if you're poor, if you're rich, or whatever. It's sad for me to people see people suffer because you've been there. I've been there. And we all have different levels of suffering. And my goal is to set people free emotionally. I believe financial um abundance can give you more tools and resources to feel free, but if you can't look yourself in the mirror and feel like you're a good person, you are trapped. You are blocked and you're a prisoner within yourself. And it's almost like and then I can't I can't say it's worse, but it's almost like you've worked your whole life to be a millionaire, to be a billionaire, and you still don't love and like yourself. What are you working for? The only thing we should be working on is the inner work. The excess money is a bonus. Having money and feeling emotionally uh wounded constantly and like you're never enough is almost like a bigger pain than being poor but loving and accepting yourself because your external reality is so different from what you think. Exactly. And you're like, "Oh, everyone's praising me, but I can't even accept myself cuz I'm worthless. I'm a nobody. I'm an idiot. I'm that little kid that everyone made fun of or whatever it might be their wound. And it's just like no amount of money, success, followers, or fame will make you feel free. You got to do that yourself. You got to do it yourself. Matthew Perry lived in that building as well. I saw Matthew Perry walking around and he was constantly it seemed like he was just like drunk, you know, drugged up and he he didn't commit suicide there or or he didn't pass away there. It was later a couple years afterwards. But it's like there are celebrities who have all the love from people in the world but don't know how to love themselves for whatever reason. And I don't know his story or what he went through, but it's just we see it all the time here in LA. I'm sure in New York. It's like people are chasing to try to fill a void instead of filling the void and expanding with abundance. And that's what I want people to experience. I absolutely love that. And it's so funny. As someone who feels very good with their money, I'm actually very excited to read your money book. Lewis, tell us where we can get it. Tell us when we can get it. Give us the URL. Yeah. I mean, you can go to Amazon or any bookstore, but make moneyeasybook.com. It's out March 18th. And again, if you want to have a better relationship with your money, then that's what this is about. Thank you so much for being here. Appreciate you. Thanks to Amazon for their support. Have you ever been so sick that the thought of standing up to go to the doctor made you even more sick? Amazon 1 Medical has 247 virtual care so you can get help while horizontal. And with Amazon Pharmacy, you can get medicine delivered fast, right to your door. You just have to make it to your door. Thanks to Amazon, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more at health.amazon.com. Thanks for tuning in to this week's episode of Net and Chill, part of the Vox Media Podcast Network. If you like the episode, make sure to leave a rating and review and subscribe so you never miss an episode. Got a burning financial question that you want covered in a future episode? Write to us via podcast atyouribb.com. Follow net worth and chillpod on Instagram to stay uptodate on all podcast related news. And you can follow me at yourrichb for even more financial knowhow. See you next week. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenna8445 [168 likes]: I’ve read every business, hustle, and side-income book under the sun.
They all start strong… then get lost in fluff.

But this?
Girl Boss Hustle: Earn 10k From Home kept it focused the whole way through.

It reminded me that success isn’t always about doing more—it’s about doing the right things, in the right order.

This book laid it out so clearly I could almost hear myself thinking, “Wait… I can actually do this.”

I’m not saying it’s magic.
I’m saying it clears the fog.
  2. @Aleci [5 likes]: This was such a great interview! Thank you both :) Gave me lots of things to think about
  3. @catherinechien4130 [4 likes]: If money walked through the door as a person, I would be intimidated, but I would be curious to hear about its story. Once you understand that life is all about interactions, not right or wrong, you will experience a mind shift to chase after opportunities instead of being scared of the uncertainty. This is the revelation and discovery I came upon this year!
  4. @ijaz8888 [3 likes]: What an Insightful conversation around the topic of money ! Kudos to Lewis about opening up on his childhood and his past wounds - Maybe we really need to first heal ourselves internally , before we seek our external wealth and rewards. 

This requires a high level of  reflection and introspection , digging out all your emotional baggage as Lewis has done.
Thanks to both of you for this type of content 👍
  5. @Andre-qo5ek [1 likes]: i think something that is never talked about is ETHICAL REVENUE. revenue that is not anti social. revenues that ADD to society to community to the healthy of the world. 

so much of revenue plays right into the capitalist lie about "exponential growth" ... we need to stop with that. 
credit, speculation, loans with predatory interest ... is just theft from the future. it is all Usury.
  6. @mayalalouani5536 [1 likes]: Have you had Trixie Mattel on yet?
  7. @princessbabyboo: He looks like mike the situation kinda!
  8. @oluomachimezie1288: If money walked in, I'd be too amazed and very fascinated to do anything.
  9. @LKMorales91: This episode was so helpful and gave me a lot to think about. 👏🏻
  10. @Andre-qo5ek: "giving generously" .... aka, get used but don't hold a grudge, and frame it in your head as "marketing expenses" / "networking" . 

capitalism is a crazy drug that really makes people rationalize all kinds of abuse. 
and then add survivorship bias to it, ignore the idea of luck. and the fact that networking is about our uppers plucking us to their levels... 

:sigh:
the delusions of capitalists are insane.
  11. @Andre-qo5ek: hm.. money personified.....
i see a conman, a drug dealer, i see a preacher selling me a false religion. 

i would engage only if i knew how to be the snake charmer. 
if i knew how to out con the conman. 
i would need to know i have the upper hand, because i know how tricky they can be.  and i would have to question my own judgment around them to not fall for their trick of making me think i had the upper hand.
  12. @Andre-qo5ek: "failure" is not the fear for me... starving to death is, being homeless, being community-less.
  13. @storiesbyashanti: If Money (as a person) walks in the door I would feel very shy around them and try to avoid them.
  14. @dunniacamposamigon9159: This was an awesome episode! Thanks for showing this part of him! Sometimes interviewers or people feel like far away, old money, etc… today I have hope that I get wherever I want! Thank you BFF!
  15. @latasha0902: Treat it normal and say Hello!
  16. @soniaho5173: ❤❤❤
  17. @janiemendoza5312: You're so right, heal myself and my hubby too. It's a new day and meting new mentors today to guide our portfolio...thank you both for your wisdom.
  18. @RedShoesWalking: If money walked through the door right now, I'd smile at them, take their hand, and say "Let's go."
  19. @OlafsonN: My husband doesn’t want me asking about our money. He spends more than we have. Tonight he is at the bar. We have two older children 20 and 16, carpenter ants in the walls, and I am in financial Hell.
  20. @plattwinetrout: If money was a person? Wow, I saw a Mafia thug with a big club.
I just bought that book.

- TOP 5 Steps to Combat 🔥 Financial Anxiety!: Kind: captions Language: en today we are diving deep into Financial anxiety understanding where we stand addressing major concerns and how we can build a solid Financial foundation in this video we will cover understanding your Current financial position address common concerns seek support and wrap up with key takeaways to ensure a strong financial Foundation Begin by assessing and position which includes factors like your income expenses emergency funds retirement savings home equity and life insurance let's address common Financial concerns starting with job security considering a larger emergency fund exploring a home equity line of credit as a backup plan evaluating the need for long-term disability insurance and the importance of Consulting a financial planner to ensure you're on the right track it's quiz time how many months should an emergency fund ideally cover to feel financially secure is it 3 to 6 months 6 to 9 months 9 to 12 months or 12 plus months you may pause the video now to think about the answer the way we will discuss the answer in the next section of the video the correct answer is 12 plus months while many suggest 3 to 6 months having 12 plus months ensures a solid safety net during uncertain Economic Times Financial anxiety can be a heavy burden seeking support either through therapy or support groups can provide valuable strategies for managing stress even if your financial situation is secure you've got a solid Financial Foundation keep addressing your concerns proactively consider seeking support if Financial anxiety appears always remember to review and adapt your financial plans periodically thank you for watching today's video please like share and subscribe for more content we'd love to hear your thoughts and experiences so feel free to comment below

- What if I'm afraid of becoming massively wealthy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when you think of a rich person do you think of someone like uncle scrooge maybe a little mean greedy pushes people away treats them like property and things that they can exchange and dispose of but not actually see the humanity and the life around them i know i sure did for a long time and for that reason it was really uncomfortable for me when i started thinking about this idea of really growing my business and stepping into massive wealth what i learned is that a rich person can look like me and it should look like me more women should be wealthy women should be successful but unfortunately because a lot of us think that having a lot of money will make us greedy or bad or it might change our family dynamics or personal relationships people can push away that wealth and success so really we just have the opportunity to circulate money in a way that feels good to us i love donating to charity i love spoiling my friends and family with nice trips and presents and treats and it hasn't changed anything for me if anything it's just allowed me to have more wonderful experiences and step into that life that i really want to experience it also means i get to employ over 20 people on my team and pass back some of that wealth to them as well so through me having money i'm able to create a world that looks the way i think it should women should have money in their hands there's nothing to be afraid of you can be successful and still be happy and in love and a good mom and a good human and a good person money gives you opportunities it gives you resources it's not good or bad it's just something that you get to choose how you want to spend it thanks for watching the sabrina show i hope you enjoyed the episode we release new ones every single week to teach you how to build the intentional manageable and profitable online business of your dreams to learn more about how we can work together visit www.sabrinaphillip.com you

  Top Comments:
  1. @claressarichardson1374: So basically my money trauma is because I don’t know any admirable rich people. Dang. Thanks.
  2. @tamikalove1234: So short, sweet, to the point and yet so imoactful 👌🏾🥂
thank you😇💓🙌🏾
  3. @King_Of_Prosperity: True

- Lewis Howes: You're 69 Minutes Away From NEVER Being Broke Again: Kind: captions Language: en irrelevant of whether you have money or not. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. But in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my character, my kindness, my generosity, and seeing how can I add value to others. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve and take care of me at the same time? The number one health and wellness podcast, J Shetty. J Shetty, the one, the only J Shetty. The world in which we're living today doesn't seem to distribute wealth in a way that allows people to access it. Some people have been set up really badly. They had poor access to education. They didn't really know what jobs were available. People are working really, really hard and not taking that much home. People are coming at it from a place of pain, of desperation, of stress. So, everyone already knows that money is stressful. And your first point here is make money easy. Yes. And so, I want to ask you, when someone's coming at money, our relationship with money is already at a place kind of like finding love. We're desperate for it. We're stressed by it. We're paralyzed by it. We feel the pressure for it. What do you do when you're feeling all of that? What's the first thing you need to do? Step one is you need awareness. And again, you probably say this so often and people have probably heard this so frequently, but if you don't have awareness on your attachment style towards money and how your nervous system is when you receive money or when money leaves you, when you have to pay your bills or give money away, I want people to create just a scenario of awareness around how you feel and how you think when you receive money, when you pay money, when you look at your bank account, when you open your purse or your wallet, and Just notice how do I feel? Do I have shallow breathing? Do I feel relaxed? Do I feel anxious? Do I feel scarce? Do I feel abundant? Just step one is have awareness on how do I feel and how do I think about my money? The money I have, the money that's coming in, and the money that's going out. Yeah, that's step one. And when you can just have awareness around it, you can start to say, is my relationship the one that I want to be having? Do I feel really secure around money? If not, okay, what's something I can think about first? Let me think about my money story, the story of my life around money. We grow up as kids and we watch our parents in their relationship and we tend to develop the relationship style of our parents unless we learn how to heal as a teenager and have some type of breakthrough. We're creating some type of attachment style based on what we see with our parents. But think about all the conversations your parents had around money. And if your parents didn't have a secure relationship, if they fought, did they fight about money? Were you involved in the conversation about how expensive things were about your school or sports or programs that they had to pay for they couldn't afford? Did they argue? Did they have challenges? Did they get divorced? Money is one of the biggest reasons people get divorced. It's one of the biggest arguments in marriage as well. So just notice, is my nervous system, is my body, is my energy, or my thoughts stressed out around money? Do I feel scarce or do I feel abundant? That's kind of step one. And then step two is understanding your money story. Because when you can reflect on your money story, you can see what your money personality style is today. And for many years, and we can talk about both of us thinking about our past. For many years, I didn't understand money growing up. We didn't have a lot growing up. We weren't completely poor, but I wasn't as, you know, well off as the other kids in my class. So, I always felt a little bit beneath everyone else. And so, my belief system was around that. I was just a little bit under everyone else. Everyone else is doing a little bit better than us. Sure, we have a home and I'm going to school, but everyone's got rollerblades. I'm in sneakers. People have Nintendo. I don't have one. I'm reading a book. Whatever it is, it was like I was a little bit beneath. And that started to shape my story and my personality style. So I felt very insecure around money. And when I got it, I got really excited, but I didn't know what to do with it. So I was also like afraid. I was insecure and I was just unsure of it. And it really started to shape my personality style. Now when I was in my teen years, my dad started to make more money and started to teach me a little bit. But I was still like just I want to be a teenager. I don't want to think about this stuff. It seems confusing. I just want to have fun. in my 20s when I got done playing football. I I went to go pursue football, got injured, and I was on my sister's couch for a year and a half, and I had no money, and I just felt like, how am I going to make this work? How am I going to make money? I don't know what my skills are. I don't know what my talents are. This is in 2008 when the economy was crashing. So, it kind of felt like it is right now with inflation going up so much right now and people worried about money in the future. I didn't understand and I needed to find money mentors to start teaching me how to learn about how I can receive money and spend it in a more efficient way. And that was kind of the journey of me starting to figure this out. But if we don't have the tools or the money knowledge, then we're always going to be stuck in our money story as our money personality style. And so it's getting to understand awareness. How does it feel when I receive money and I spend money? Yeah. What is the history of the story around money for me? Did my parents fight? Did I feel anxious around money? Uh I used to steal a lot when I was a kid. So I had like some wounds around money. I had people steal from me as well. So I just had all these different wounds that I had to address and get clear on. And I had to learn how to start healing those money wounds. And again, I know this is the place to come to create more wholeness, to be healthier in your life, and to become more healed. And that's what I want for people to start to reflect on their money story. Yeah. Write down some of these things so you have awareness first off on why you think and feel the way you do around money. Yeah. Then you can start to see how your personality style towards money now is either helping you create more abundance or keeping you in scarcity and lack. And from there we can start to have some breakthroughs. Yeah. Let's talk about all three because as I'm listening to you, I'm thinking that for most of us, when we get aware, we actually realize we don't even want to look at our finances. No. Right. That's how we all feel because we're so scared and there's been such a fear built around money that it's like, I don't even want to know because I'm so scared. Now, when I get my paycheck, I'm thinking, "Oh god, I hope this covers my rent, my groceries, my bills, whatever else I've got to cover." And then that becomes your stress point. And then you're thinking, "Oh gosh, I haven't got enough to spend on this thing that I really wanted to do or I wanted to do something for my kids or whatever it may be." So now there's stress. And so I think for most people when you actually get awareness, you start realizing it's stress and it's never enough. And it's never enough. I'm never making enough. And also I've got a h 100,000 in student loan debt. I have this other credit card because I wanted to go on a trip or I had a medical expense that would unexpected that came up. Like so many people are struggling to be figuring out how to get out of debt. They have this weight that's carrying them back, but they still want to feel like they're free to live a life of their dreams. They want to be able to go on a trip with a friend a few times a year. They want to go to those expensive concerts. They want to have fun still, but they're unfortunately in a lot of debt. So, there's something that's pulling them back as they're trying to go forward. and they feel like there's no way to break free. They think about the rising cost of eggs, the inflation, uh how everything is just constant. You can't afford a home anymore. All these things seem impossible to break through. But people want to feel free, but they don't feel emotionally free because of all the baggage they have in their life. And that's what I want people to start to feel is how can you feel emotionally free so that your money can come to you effortlessly and when it leaves you, it's not a bad thing. Yeah. And the more we relax, the more we can receive. And so if I'm tight and I'm always anxious or I'm not willing to look at my bank account because I'm afraid of what's in there, how are we able to receive more and spend more freely? And I think for many years I was able to I learned how to make money, but I didn't learn how to spend money. And so I just hoarded it because I was afraid to go back being broke on my sister's couch. I didn't want to go be broke again. So I just stashed it away into my bank account and just like, okay, I'm going to just wait for it to grow so I feel safe. But that was almost like a prison in a sense emotionally because I didn't feel free to spend it. I was still sleeping on friends couches. I had a million dollars in the bank and I was sleeping on friends couches. I was sitting in the middle seat, the cheapest seat I could on buses or on planes. And I'd always be like, "Man, I'm so uncomfortable the next day. Like, I'm my back hurts. Like, I'm just I'm not feeling free cuz I was afraid. I was anxious to lose money." And that is not emotional freedom. That is not healing. And I remember thinking to myself, God, I've got I'm starting to make money. It was like years into my business. I was like, I'm financially free, but I'm still trapped. M what is holding me back? And I realized a lot of it was my money story and my money personality style that I needed to start working on. And I don't know if it's the thing that you ever like, I've arrived and I'm perfect and now I'm like this Zen master at money. It's a constant back to awareness. It's a constant practice of awareness and breaking through those limitations. Yeah. I think what I'm thinking about when I'm hearing you is if me and you went back to a place in our life where we really didn't have money. Yes. And you think about someone who's in that position, who's listening to us right now, and in their head they're thinking, "But how do I become abundant when I don't have where like my natural thing is like I'm just struggling to pay my next bill?" And me and you have both been in those situations. I remember when I was growing up, I grew up in a house where we had just enough. Like that was the language my parents used. We have just enough. And my parents would often argue about money. I remember I wasn't allowed to buy cool shoes and stuff. I'd have like the the knockoff cheapest brand from whatever, which was I actually didn't have an issue with that. I didn't have an issue with any of it because we had food and that was my normality. But it's really interesting because the amount of times growing up I started working when I was 14. And I think that gave me a really interesting sense of how hard it was to make money because I started working at 14. And I used to get paid £2 per street that I delivered newspapers on. So imagine there's a 100 houses. It's going to take me like not per house. No, no, no. Per street. So I did five streets. And so I'd get £10 at the end of the week if I did five streets. And each street would take me at least an hour, maybe, I don't know, something like that. And so I'd walk around, I'd pull this thing and I'd deliver it. And I got an understanding of how hard it was to make money. But then that became a story for me. Going to your point, making money is hard. Making money is hard. And that there's only a certain amount of money you're allowed to make at this level. Like you're a 14-year-old. Then I worked in retail. I stacked shelves at a grocery store. I worked at a store called Morrison's, which is like working at Walmart. And there I remember I got paid like £5 an hour. And then you get like time and a half if you work the weekends and the evenings. All of this to say that I probably spent my whole life only seeing zero in my bank account because everything that would come in would pay for my phone bill, my car insurance that I paid for, whatever it was that I was taking care of. So, I wasn't relying on my parents apart from I lived in their home obviously. But I always felt like money came in, money went out. And my story around money was people who have money are doing something bad. So, I lived in a home. Whenever we went to a friend's home and they had a nice home, my family would always say, "Oh, yeah, but they do dodgy stuff to make money." All the language around money was, "People with money are doing bad stuff." So, in my head, it was like, "Oh, if you have money, then you must be doing shady stuff because we don't have money and we're not doing any shady, right? You must be hurting people to make money." Correct. In some way, exploiting, taking advantage of Yeah. taking advantage, whatever. So everything you're saying is so true because then when I got to a point in my life where I was just trying to do good and I had something like 150 200 million views on content and you had no money. I was 4 months away from being broke. I met you at this time. I met you around this time. I met you this time. Yes. And it was really interesting to me because that was the time that I was actually doing this work, which is why this book's so powerful because I realized that I couldn't even with 150 200 million views. It wasn't that that made money because my story and my personality style was anxious. I felt like it was wrong to make money. Like that's actually what it was. I felt like making money was bad. And so until I got to that, did you believe you were worthy of making more money? I believed I was worthy, but I believed that you had to be bad to make money. Wow. So you didn't want to be bad. You don't want to have a lot of money and associate I have a lot of money and I'm now I'm bad. Correct. I'm bad and wrong and I'm hurting others in order to help myself. Correct. Cuz good people are poor. Wow. Right. Like to be a good person of good character means to not have money. Wow. And that was based on a a belief system that you developed over time. If you would have a reflection so important people, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. Money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. When you have no money, when you're broke, when you feel stressed out, overwhelmed, burnt out, you lost your job, you feel like you need help and you may need help. And the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness. So, when you're in that place, taking your story as well, taking my story, how do we start to rewrite that story now that we're aware? Well, it's so powerful that you said that and I remember this vividly because I met you on Halloween 2017, right? Yeah. Eight years ago. Yeah. And we I said like cancel the day, let's just hang out all day. Yeah. You had a book coming out that day. I had a book that came out that day on Halloween. Yeah. Which is called The Basking Masculinity. Anyways, how do we rewire our brain around money to create more abundance when you have nothing? When you have lack. How do we rewire our brain to create abundance when you have nothing and you don't know how to earn more money? The first thing I think you need to be aware of is that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. So if you believe that money is bad or people who make a lot of money are bad and take advantage of others and therefore me having lack right now means I'm a good person and I don't want to become a bad person. Then that belief is going to dictate your behaviors and you're going to stay in lack. You're going to stay in scarcity and you're going to see opportunities that only give you just enough as opposed to opportunities that could create incredible wealth for yourself financially, but also an emotional wealth that you've never had before. So, that's one of the things you want to understand is first that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. That's a big one, by the way. That's huge. Like that. I just want to point that out for people. Like that's so huge because your belief your belief got you to a place of I am impacting hundreds of millions of people from these these videos that I created with my talents but I don't know how to make money with them and I don't know if I actually should because then I could be bad and wrong or people could perceive me as I did something bad to make this money correct and I'm a spiritual person I'm a monk I've done all these things I don't want to have that life but I want to make an impact and I don't want to be poor. So I think a lot of people are struggling with that mindset. What are the other ones you hear? What are the other focusing on that belief? What are you hearing from people about their that's my belief and that's very much my history and story as you said. What other stuff do you hear from people? The biggest shift that will create abundance in your life is a mindset habit in unlocking wealth for yourself. And one of the big lies or one of the big blocks that holds people back from financial opportunity is that I I cannot be generous with my time, my wisdom, my knowledge or my secrets to others because if I am, they will take it and run with it and I will be left with nothing. So therefore, I'm going to hoard my energy. I'm going to hoard my time, my knowledge, and only keep it to me so that others don't have good ideas or have my help. And from all the different billionaires and millionaires and financial leaders in the world that I've interviewed, I know you've interviewed a lot of them, there is a question I would always ask individuals who've made incredible amounts of money and that keeps helping them create more wealth year after year. And they all say the same thing, those who have had a sustainably good heart in the process is that you have to have a generous mindset. So the mindset habit is the first thing that you have to think about when creating abundance with your money, but also feeling abundant internally and it's coming with generosity. So if you feel like you're stuck right now, if you feel like you have nothing, this was what you were at 8 years ago when I met you. This was where I was at 15 years ago when I was on my sister's couch. I had no money. I was in student loan debt. I was sleeping on her couch. I didn't think I had any skills. I didn't have a college degree yet. I was like, how am I going to make money if I don't know how to make money and I don't have any talent or skill and I'm in debt. It didn't understand it. It felt impossible. And the thing that I shifted when I started meeting money mentors is I needed to learn the first habit which is the mindset habit which is a habit of generosity and gratitude. So what did that look like then? What was the practical step? What it looks like was how do I meet money people, people who have money, people who have success, people can teach me knowledge. I needed to come with a sense of energy, of curiosity, of possibilities, and of joy. I literally wrote a list down of all these different things that I thought were my talents. I go, "How can I make money? I don't have any skills. I played football and now I'm injured. What can I do for people?" But I was like, "Well, I'm really curious. Maybe I can just ask people questions." And never did I think in a million years that I could have a 12-year-old podcast just asking questions and make millions of dollars a year. I never thought that was possible. I was in my early 20s and I was like, you know what? I've got a lot of energy. I've got a lot of passion. So, let me bring passion and energy to other people and excitement. And that energy was infectious. And there's a currency that's tied to that energy of passion, joy, excitement, curiosity. That currency may not look like money, but for those who are older, who have no more passion, they're burnt out, they're exhausted, it is the highest form of currency. They want that. They crave that energy. They've burnt themselves out for decades. They want to feel young again. They want to feel curious again. They want to feel excited again. And when you come to someone with that energy, you are bringing a different mindset. So the mindset of curiosity, joy, passion, presence, like just connecting with someone and asking them a question is such a valuable currency. So we have to look into these untapped skills, talents, currencies inside of us that are hidden to others but inside of us they can create magic. Yeah, that's one of them. Another one is just being generous with your time, with your resources, with your ideas and helping others succeed. I love that because I didn't even know that then, but I was doing it unconsciously. Yes, you were. So, I really wanted to interview incredible people, but I didn't have a platform at the time when I met you. And so, I'd partnered up with NASDAQ. And by the way, just to be really clear with everyone, I didn't get paid to do this. So, NASDAQ had something where everyone's using Facebook Live and I said, "Hey, could I have an hour in the NASDAQ building whenever I have an amazing guest that says yes, so that I can interview them on NASDAQ Live?" And they would put the picture up on the middle of Time Square on a billboard. So now I could reach out to people I looked up to. That's the reason why I went on the show. Exactly. So I didn't know who you were until I saw, hey, I can get you on a billboard on Time Square. I go, that's value to me right now. I'm being generous and I'm trying to find a way because I don't have anything to offer, but I admire you. And it was all people I admired. It was yourself. It was Ryan Holidayiday said yes. Me and Ryan had met maybe once before that, but Ryan came on that show. And there were a bunch of other authors. Deepak Chopra came on that show with me and it was all people that I'd admired, looked up to for a long time and exactly that that's how first of all we became great friends off of it. But the point is it's exactly what you're saying that even though I felt I had nothing to offer, I had to find a way to create something to offer someone of value. I didn't get paid for it for that show. I didn't get paid to run it. I didn't make any money from it. But it created an opportunity for me to connect with friends, to connect with people that were doing incredible things and of course allowed me to showcase my talents so that then I could show it to other people. I remember I had Ryan Harwood on the show who founded Pure Wow and he just sold it to Gary Vee and that's how I met Gary. So Ryan came on my show and he was just like, "Jay, I love you. You're a great interviewer. Like you have such great energy." He was he really liked my passion and he said, "You got to come meet Gary." And I was like, "No way. like I love Gary. And so he took me to meet Gary for the first time. We had a meeting in his office and that's how I built my relationship with him. It was all thanks to Ryan. And so when you think about it now, like when I'm I've never thought about it until what you're saying. Now when I look back, Ryan's been on the podcast like four times now, whatever. I love his books. So many relationships came out of that. And so I think when you live in a world of I have nothing to offer and I don't have anything, it becomes really hard to create. And most people think when I have nothing, I need to take from someone else. Yes, I don't have anything. So, I can't give anything if I don't have it. So, I need someone to give me money right now cuz I'm broke. I'm poor. I'm stuck. I'm stressed. I'm anxious. I can't think out of myself. And this first habit is really gratitude and generosity is the gateway to abundance. And it may not mean you're going to make money right away. We didn't make you over time. We helped each other create more abundance together. Not only financially, which we've done together, but a type of richness that isn't about money. And this book again, it's it's a money book, but it's really like it doesn't matter how much money you have if you don't feel like you have a rich life inside of you. That's real. It does not matter how much is in your bank account, how big your net worth is. If you don't feel like you have an abundant life, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. And the goal is for us to feel free every moment of our lives as often as possible and allow money to be a tool to create incredible opportunities, memories, moments where you can be generous with it with the people you care about, the causes you care about, the institutions you care about to serve more people and feel good about doing it, not feel bad about doing it. And that's part of this process. Most people when they lack money, they want to take from others. They want someone to help them. And you need to flip it on its head and say, "How can I help others?" Even when I have nothing, that is the time to be more generous and in more gratitude and say, "Thank you for this opportunity." Even if you have to just lie to yourself for a moment and say, "I'm stuck. I'm on my sister's couch. I have no money. I'm 4 months. In 4 months, I'm going to be out of an apartment and I don't know where the money's coming." Just say, "Thank you, God. Thank you, Universe, for this opportunity to learn. Yeah. This opportunity to grow because I'll never be here again. I interview I don't know if you've had Ken Honda on, but he wrote I know Happy Money had him on. Dude, he's so cool. I love this approach to this and he's talking similar style about how do you just live a rich life not? And again, this is what I want people to get to. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. And we want to start shifting our thoughts, our emotions, and our energy on, okay, I know I'm in this financial situation. It doesn't feel good, but in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my others. And that's the first thing we need to be thinking about. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve others and take care of me at the same time? And one of the practices or these social experiments or exercises similar to you that Ken has is that whenever money comes to him, whether it's a check, whether it's a Venmo payment, whatever it might be, he just says thank you to that money. He looks at that number. If it's a penny, if it's a million dollars, if it's your your normal check you get coming in in the mail every two weeks, he looks at it and says, "Thank you." And literally opens his heart and loves that money that comes to him. He says, "Thank you. Where do you want to go? Do you want to go to my bank account? Do you want to go to my savings? Do you want to go to investments? Do you want to go towards paying off debt? Do you want me to give you away?" And it might be a weird kind of like exercise, but I love this approach to just being mindful of money when it comes. Say thank you. And then when you pay bills, when you pay off debt, say thank you as well. Thank you for allowing me to pay off this debt. Thank you for paying my cell phone bill so I can call my friends and family that I love. Thank you for the ability to live a richer life. Yeah. And when we start to approach money in that way, it doesn't mean money's going to fall from the sky and come to us abundantly, but we're going to start to feel more rich and abundant internally, which that energy is what will attract more opportunities. Those opportunities could lead to millions. this hostess that came to you, she brought that thankful energy, that present energy, that loving, joyful, curious energy, and it created an abundance of opportunities and connection. You've reminded me of two really amazing things that I love that I want to throw out because they're not us, it's about other people. Last night, I was at a premiere of a new show coming out on Hulu called Delhi Boys. Uh, it's a full South Asian cast. I was really excited to be just at the premiere and just seeing my friends like, you know, do this amazing thing. And it was fascinating because me and Lily Singh were together. You know, Lily. And so me and Lily were together and we're hanging out and this guy said, "Hey, can I film you for two seconds?" He was working at the event and I believe this is what he does on his own. I I don't know his name, but I'll have to find it. And he took a quick swipe of Lily, like one shot, and she was like, "Oh my god, Jay, you got to do this." He took a quick side with me. He edited it on the spot and he created this amazing reel of the event like and he was just doing it with quick and he was taking like two seconds of our time and me and Lily both turned around and go is this what you do like how can we work with you and like you know because it was it was such a great skill and he was showcasing his talent. He didn't ask he didn't charge us. He didn't ask for us or anything. He showed us his talent and all of a sudden both of us were like this. A few months ago I went to a restaurant that I never been to with some friends. This wasn't like a fancy restaurant just you know it was it was a great restaurant but it wasn't like fancy or anything like that. The uh lady who was um uh hosting she had so much energy and so much passion. She was like taking our order but then when we asked her for recommendation she knew every detail and like she got three job offers at that table. Me and my friend and everyone like what do you do? What do you want to do? Like let's hire you. Yeah. let's hire you because we just there was such an energy and so what you're saying is so true cuz I'm now looking back at my own life and thinking about moments where I've had that visceral reaction to someone and she was like this is what I want to do this my dream and one of my mates was like all right well let's connect like I you know he he thinks she could work with him but it was again the same thing you're saying it was just energy and passion energy she didn't have any other she didn't have it didn't matter about her college resume we had looked at it doesn't matter what skill other skills you have if you have energy, passion and a curiosity to care about someone, you can go so far in that potential relationship. Speaking about, you know, hostess or or waiters or waitresses, there were studies that psychologists did around tipping and waiters. And I don't know the exact statistic. I know it was over a certain amount, but I don't know the exact percentage, but there are three things that you can do as a waiter to make more money getting higher tips based on psychology and these studies. One is just introducing yourself and saying your name. My name is Louisis House. What's your name? Thanks for being here today. Saying your name creates a deeper connection. I agree. Making a recommendation of something you said she was making recommendations. Oh, you know, making a recommendation. Hey, I really recommend this if you're into this or these are the best two options I would recommend. Gets you a higher chance of getting a better tip. And complimenting the person on their food choice. I'll have the burger or the vegan burger. That's a great choice. Those three things will increase your ability to earn more tips and it's not like you had some other skill. You just created connection with someone and you were trying to bring that energy to them. Yeah. And money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. And also you create money through your energy. And so she had a certain energy with you and you're like, "Man, this is amazing." You're recommending it to millions of people about this person that you just met for the first time. It's like you could create so many opportunities for not only financial abundance, but spiritual abundance by bringing generosity, curiosity, energy, joy, and love to someone's life. And it doesn't have to take hours. This was 5 minutes of this person's time. She got three job offers over that night. Yeah. She could have had a different energy and said, "Okay, here's your table. Sit down." And she would have had nothing. But she could have went to Harvard and had all these other skills and none of that would have mattered without the energy she brought. People who don't know this story or have forgotten about it, like Drock and Gary Vee, like that's their journey, right? Like Drock basically went up to Gary and was like, "Hey, I'll just edit videos for you for free." And now he's been traveling the world with Gary for the last god knows how long they've been working together. Yeah. and he's such a great guy and he's awesome and it's just but it all came from that that idea of hey I'm just going to edit these videos for you and do this and again going back to what we said before is like when you have no money when you're broke when you feel stressed out overwhelmed burnt out you lost your job you feel like you need help and you may need help and the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness so instead of saying I feel helpless I don't know what to do you've got how to flip and to say, "How can I be helpful? How can I help myself, but by also helping someone else? How can I shift out of this negative energy into an energy of abundance, which is so hard to do when you have nothing?" I remember for a year and a half feeling trapped on my sister's couch with no money, thinking, "How am I going to do this?" And there's just got to be a decision where you say,"I am going to get up and I'm going to get out of this funk, out of this energy and choose and decide to bring energy to someone else without asking for anything in return." And when you do that, you'll start to build momentum. And that's what's going to help you get to the next level. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. When you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friendss or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. I asked them, you know, if money walked in and you were at a party, how would you respond? And they said, I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine if you were money and someone treated you that way. I remember the day after I realized I was 4 months away from being broke. I must have emailed a thousand people saying, "I will do anything. Here are my skills. I will edit. I will edit videos. I will consult. I'll run your social media." Those weren't things I wanted to do with my life. But I needed to create a foundation from which I could then invest that into what I wanted to do. And actually that year, everything I made, I invested into starting this podcast. So everything I made this year went into launching on purpose because that's not what I wanted to do. I didn't want to edit other people's videos. I didn't want to launch social media profiles. I didn't want to coach and consult, but I had those skills. And I think this is one of the things sometimes is that we all have skills that are valuable somewhere. And they may not be the skills that you want to do for the rest of your life. Wow. But this season of life, the season of life. And I think there's something to be said for that because we all want to be paid for what we love doing. But even my life today, I have there's a lot of things I have to do. Yes. And there's a lot of things I love to do. And that's life. Yeah. And like you said, the seasonal side of things, like when I was just getting started making money, this was in 2008, 2009, 2010. I was using LinkedIn as a platform and a tool to meet CEOs, executives, and business leaders. And I was helping them originally with their LinkedIn profile to just saying, "Hey, how can I help you optimize your profile? I see that it's missing some things here. I'll do it for free." And I did this to build relationships with them. And through that, they just all wanted to help me and give back to me. And then eventually someone said, "Hey, I'll pay you for this. This is really helpful." Then I was like, "Oh, I can make money on LinkedIn. It's not what I wanted to do, but I had a skill to do it right then." So I did that for a few years. And once I had that foundation, I used that money to launch the school of greatness as well because I had a couple years of runway now. And I didn't want to do that forever, but I did it for the season. I got skills, I made money, and I created a sense of freedom for myself to do what I really wanted to do later. Yeah. What do you have to say to people who are saying like you can manifest money? Do you agree with that idea of It's an interesting story. I was in New York last week and I said to myself and I have a lot of these different exercises and games in in the book to just give people as social experiments. I I think it's really powerful to give yourself experiment because I think when you experiment, you allow yourself to explore possibilities. And when you create an experiment for yourself, you allow for the idea of magic to enter your life. So, I want you to just as you're watching or listening, I want you to say, "I allow for magic and abundance to manifest in my life. I'm going to create a a possibility that this can happen in my life, a moment, a synchronicity. Someone might call me out of the blue. Someone might hand me money randomly. I'm going to allow for this moment to happen and this magic to happen." So, I said to myself, I want to follow my own practices, right? And I went to see our friend Mel Robbins in Boston. And I was in New York for a few days and I just said to myself, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and it I see it everywhere." I just said this to myself every morning when I woke up and when I went out of the hotel, I said, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and I see it everywhere." And I'm a magnet for money. I'm a magnet for money. I just kept saying this energy. I'm a magnet for money. I was just playful, this social experiment. And when I was at Mel's, a penny dropped on the floor. Someone was carrying a box and a penny fell. And I said, "Oh, look. Money comes to me. I see it everywhere. There's a penny. Yeah. There's a point to this story. And I pick it up and I say, "Mel, do you want this?" And she goes, "No, it's yours." And I go, "Thank you. I receive." Because when I relax, I receive. And I'm a magnet for money. Even it was a penny. I could notice it. And I was like, "All right, it came to me. See, here's a win. Here's a little win. Let me do this again." The next day, I go to uh New York City and I'm in the subway. It's freezing right now in New York. It's like 15°. And I'm just saying this to myself in the subway. And as I get off the subway, I go up the stairs and it's freaking filthy in the New York subway, right? And the stairs are dirty. And I see a penny heads up. And I thought to myself, "This is filthy. This is dirty. It's not valuable. It's not enough money. I don't need to pick this up." But I was like, "No, I'm doing this experiment. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. I'm a magnet for money and I'm going to manifest money." Right? And so I see it's heads up. I pick it up, put in my pocket, and I just say, "Thank you, money, for coming to me." The next day, I put it on my bedside table. I don't think anything of it. The next day I wake up and I look at this penny and I said because I'm doing this experiment every day. I'm a magnet for money. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. And I look at it as a reminder. These two pennies. Look, this is a reminder that money came to me. Maybe it's not thousands of dollars or millions of dollars. It's not something that's magically right here, but it's a reminder that something is possible. And I flipped over this one p. Oh, no. I looked at the penny cuz it was heads up. And I noticed something. I go, "Oh, that's really interesting." It said 1945 on this penny. That's an 80-year-old penny. And I go, "Huh, that's unique. I haven't seen a penny that old in a long time." And I flip it over and I notice something. And I get chills thinking about it. I notice it's a wheat penny. I don't know if you know what a wheat penny is. No, I don't. So, a wheat penny looks different than a normal penny. It's got like two stalks of wheat on the outside of the penny. It's this old penny. And I look it up and I Google 1945 wheat penny value and one just sold. I I kid you not, I get chills thinking about it. One just sold. Guess for how much? I have no idea. $4,000. No way. Online. One sold for $4,000. Now it's all based on the condition and all these different things. Like, who knows? Maybe it's worth $20. Maybe it's worth $5,000. Maybe it's worth $100. But the idea is that there was more value inside of that penny than what met the eye originally. Yeah. And the experiment of let me be open to possibilities for money to come to me. And what I thought was two pennies might be $2,000. And all I had to do was be willing to look for it. Yeah. Be willing to pick it up and say, "I receive. Thank you." If I didn't look for it, if I didn't set that intention, if I didn't see the possibilities in front of me, I may not have received that penny that could have would be worth thousands. And it's the same thing in life. We may not see the opportunity in front of us right now. We may not reach out to the people we already know and say, "Hey, this is what I'm looking to create in my life. I have these skills. I have these talents. Is there anything that you need right now that I can be of service for you with?" Yeah. And that's for that first year. How you created multiple six figures in that first year when you had nothing was reaching out to hundreds of people. That was you either setting the intention, seeing that there might be possibilities and doing the work to manifest hundreds of thousands that first 6 months. So by doing that effort, setting the intention, by saying I'm open to possibilities, I'm open to receiving opportunities that come to me, but I have to be willing to look for them. I have to be willing to ask for them. I have to be willing to put myself out there and receive and say, "Yes, thank you. I will do this work." And that's what I think people need to be thinking about. Can you manifest millions? Yes. If you're willing to set a clear intention, if you're willing to reach out and say, "Here's what I'm willing to offer and add value in. I want to help you achieve these goals. You're creating more potential to manifest money." Yeah. I love that Penny story because I'll tell you a bit about what what I do and I I do a similar thing and it comes from my tradition. So do you have a do you have a money mantra? Not we don't say something but there's I'll tell you about it. Yeah. So there's a so in our tradition there's a god or a goddess for each aspect of society. And so there is god as in there's there's one god but then there's loads of different gods for different departments of society. Kind of like you have a president or a prime minister and then you have like the cabinet and that who's the money god. So it's a goddess called Lakshmi. That's lmi. Yeah. Laxshmi means wealth or fortune. It's like luxury almost. Yeah. Like laxmi. Yeah. Maybe that's where it comes from. Who knows? But Laxshmi is the goddess of fortune or the goddess of wealth. And so you would never ever put your foot on a goddess. So whenever you're walking the streets and you see pennies around, you're never meant to just walk past them. You're actually meant to pick them up and put them to your head. So that's kind of like part of our culture. And so whenever I'm walking around the streets of New York or LA, wherever I am or subways, I do the same thing. I'll always pick it up. And it's really funny because someone who's with me will be like, "What are you doing?" Like, you know, like why are you doing that? I'm like because I'm showing respect. I'm actually showing respect to the goddess of fortune. So good, man. And so that's what it is. It's like I'm showing respect to the goddess of fortune by picking it up. And usually you give that money to charity or whatever it may be. It's not it's not you're trying to keep on it. You may give it away, whatever. But the point is you're saying I'm not disrespecting the goddess of fortune wherever I see her. That's beautiful. because I want to have a respectful relationship with money. I actually really love practices like that because I think it goes back to the point you're making that we have a relationship with everything. You have a relationship with your body. You have a relationship with your mind. You have a relationship with your partner and you have a relationship with money. And so speaking to money and speaking about money is something you have to do if you want to love that thing and you want it to love you back. Right? If you never talk about your partner and you never talk to your partner, how are they going to love you and how are you going to love them? Imagine you're, you know, Rody for the next month, you never say thank you. Yeah. You never look her in the eyes. You never speak to her. You avoid her constantly. Imagine like your relationship's going to suffer. You know, I'm sure you guys will figure it out. But imagine that's a lifetime of a relationship. It cannot survive. And here's a great question that I want everyone to ask themselves and another exercise that I want everyone to think about right now. Whether you're watching or listening, I want you to comment on the YouTube below what opened up for you during this moment. And I'm going to give you the exercise, Jay. So imagine this door opens and it's a person. And this person is money. It's the idea of money. It's a person that walks in, right? Is money. And could you as an example for people to imagine this as well? What does that person look like when they come in? What would you do? What would you say or not say? Could you could you share kind of what that would be like for you? Money. A person walks in, they are money. They the representation of your relationship with money. Yeah. How would you show up and react? So in our culture, because it would be Lakshmi walking in, I'll show you a visual of her afterwards. You would actually bow down. Like you'd have that and that's a sign of respect, not a sign of surrender or subjugation, but a sign of respect. Like you'd bow. You'd offer her whatever she wanted. Like you'd be like, what what do you need? Like what would you like? What would you would you like a place to sit? Kind of like a guest in your home. Like a generous host. You treat them like a guest in your home. Yeah. Like what would you like? Can you can I get you something to drink? You know, whatever it may be. Obviously, she's a goddess. She don't need anything. But the point is that's how the hospitality would still be carried through. That's cool. And then you'd thank her as well. Like you'd start every connection with a with a god or a goddess with gratitude. So there'd be like a a genuine appreciation and an ability to share how you feel. Like I think being vulnerable and saying, "Hey, like it's been really tough this month. Like I'm really struggling right now. Like this is what I'm going through. Like I need your help." Like a prayer almost interesting of sorts. That's beautiful. And I asked I've been asking a lot of people this and so I love to hear people's responses and be honest in the the YouTube comments below of your relationship with money. I asked someone close to me uh someone younger probably in their late 20s. I asked them you know if money walked in and you were at a party how would you respond? And they said I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest. Like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine that's crazy. If you were money and someone treated you that way, if they wouldn't look at you, they would avoid you. They speak poorly behind your back. They would use and abuse you when they wanted you and then they ghost you when they didn't want to talk to you. Do you think money would want to keep showing up in your life if they were a person? Yeah, definitely. If they were a person, would they want to be in your life? Would they feel this isn't a good relationship for me? And your show is all about helping people get healed, healthy, and whole. And if you want to create a richer, more abundant life, you have to create a healthy relationship with money in your life. And look at it as if this was a love of my life. Not in a worshshiping like I worship it no matter what, but more of like this is like a person that I love and I want to treat them with care. I want to be a great host. How can I show up? And it doesn't mean it's always going to be perfect, but how can I show up and be generous, be kind, be patient, listen, be aware, and be of service to it. Yeah, I think make a huge difference. Huge difference. I'm not saying you haven't had a beautiful abundant, peaceful life as well with money, but I would bet to say that you've also experienced stress and overwhelm with money for sure more than having no money. And a lot of people get blocked because they know that like, oh, more money, more problems is another like money lie, right? Or money like wound that people might have. Like, I don't want to make more money cuz I see people who do have money, they're constantly stressed, they're not generous with it, they're stingy, they don't even tip at all. they're even more stingy with it and they have it. So, what's the point of having it if they're not generous? I don't want to be like that. And there can be money traps or money wounds when you have money if you haven't learned how to heal that relationship. And so, it's learning how to heal the relationship so that when you grow your net worth, you also increase your self-worth inside and feel peaceful about it. You expand your nervous system, your container to receive abundantly. So, it's not scary. It's not stressful. You can receive more and you can give more because you know that the more you relax, the more you receive. And when you give, it's going to come back in some way. I struggled with that. My first six, seven, eight years of making money. I hoarded money cuz I was afraid to go broke again. And it limited me in certain ways and it made me feel stressful and it made me feel like people were trying to take advantage of me and take my money. It doesn't feel rich having money and living in scarcity still. There was a beautiful thing that we'd always repeat in the monastery. It was like God doesn't see what you give. God sees what you hold back. And so there's not this, you know, because we can sometimes become egotistical about how much we give. And it's like you got one hand behind your back. And that's you just made that point. It's that it's that pinch. It's that are you giving where there's a challenge to give? Because that's where we're healing. Because you can get really egotistical like hey if you were worth a billion and you signed a million dollar check like I've I know people that are making 3 million in interest a day like so you writing a million dollar check is not the same. This also applies when you have very little. So my parents who didn't make a lot when they were giving um felt like a lot. It felt like a lot. And so like what we're saying is that that this thought of being a giver has to be core to us. You know, my dad was a lot like that, too. He had strangers knocking on the door that somehow convinced him to to stay with us for like 3 months in the summer. Uh who were and he just opened his doors and said yes. Like, okay. And so he was just like like your parents like okay, you need a place to stay for a week, a month, two months, cool, we'll figure it out. We'll feed you. We'll do this as long as we feel like you're doing something good and we're trying to support you. And I think it's you don't have to give money to feel rich. Yes. You can be very generous with your time, with your resources in other ways, with your food. It's like you can give in other ways and create a richness of life. And that's the key is to feel rich and abundant and free. And if you feel that when you start making money, you're going to continue to feel free. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. You still don't feel free. That is an even greater prison in my mind that you're living in scarcity when you have money. I mean, there's so many people right now that have the pressure to save money because we've been talking about making money. Yes. But there's this pressure to save money. And how do you find that balance between spending comfortably if you have the ability versus like saving for your future or your family? Like how do you think about that version? Well, I think when you can live beneath your means and feel abundant, you've won. So, when you live beneath your means and you don't need extra stuff, you've won. I just watched um The Count of Monte Cristo the other night. It's an incredible movie of a guy who has nothing who was born by, you know, back in the I don't know 1700s or something. It's a period piece. He was born of like a clerk, a guy who makes no money. And his friend was born of like some general who had a lot of money or something. And this poor kid that grew up friends didn't have anything, but he had the world. He had no money, no possessions, but he just approached life was like, man, but here's a piece of string. Here's a rock that I can play with. Like, I can just imagine the beauty of the world. And he appreciated everything even though he had no money. And I think in some ways it's so hard to look at that when we see Instagram and Tik Tok where everyone has things. That's the hard part. Yeah. when you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friends or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. That is true abundance and happiness. And it doesn't mean you shouldn't strive to create more. If you want more, if you want to have nice shoes or a nice watch, cool. You got to learn how to make money. And you want to learn how to make money easy, not make money hard. And that that is a process in developing these skills, these talents within you and seeing how you can monetize those skills. And I'm not saying don't splurge on certain things if you want to, but you have to understand the consequences. If you're going to splurge on something to have fun with friends or go on trips and spend this money that you maybe don't have, just know there might be a consequence to that later. If you have to use a credit card, you have to pay that debt with interest later. So, just know there's a cost to splurging or doing spending when you don't have it. I'm a big fan of saving and investing so that you can have freedom in the future and feel rich continually and not needing to buy things to feel richer. Yeah. What about this idea of I want to make money quick? Like I just want to make a million dollars in a week. I want to find that hack that solves my money problems. Like what's your take on that? Is that possible? I've got money wounds and it's because I wanted to make easy money in my past, not make money easy. And I don't know anyone that doesn't want to make easy money. Like our ego wants it to come to us now and want to find the quick hack or the the quick investment that's going to 10x in two months. Sure, there's always outliers that figure out a way to do that, but every time I've tried to do that, I've lost my money and it's been painful. And I'm like, "Okay, I think I've learned that lesson, but here's this new like quick, easy money opportunity." And every time I do it again, I'm like, "What was I thinking?" Yeah. You see that others act like there's a way to do it so easy. If you just invest in crypto, if you just invest in this, if you just do this thing, you're going to make quick and easy money. I don't know anyone who's made hundreds of millions, millions, or billions who's lived that way. They might have invested and gone all in on one business and created generational wealth. Or maybe they went all in on investing in one main stock that ended up 10 or 20xing over time. But going the quick make easy money way doesn't usually work and it's painful lessons you have to live afterwards. So I don't know. Have you ever made quick easy money? No. No. I I haven't for sure. And and I probably made mistakes when I had a bad relationship with money. Yeah. I remember my one of my mentors in like 2013 told me to invest in crypto. And at the time I thought to myself, it's a scam. I've only got like I only like at that time in my life, I probably had $1,000, right, saved because I'd just come out. I just started working. I didn't have the money. So I was thinking $1,000, what's it going to do? Obviously I was stupid. I didn't know. That also wouldn't have been quick. It would have taken 10 15 years. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like 12. We could always look back and say, "Oh, our friend told us to invest in this thing 10 years ago." And if I imagine if I did it 10 years Yeah. Just like any stock. If you invest in it and wait 10 years, it should go up if the company continues to do well. I've never made easy money. And I Well, here's You actually You actually have made easy money after putting in a decade plus of work. a decade of developing skills, of monetizing your skills, and following the seven habits we talk about in this book, which is yeah, you can make easy money now. You can get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to speak for 60 minutes because you've added so much value in the world for the past decade plus and even a decade before that of spiritual practice before you even learned how to make money. So, two decades, two decades of how do I develop skills within me to serve people, whether it be one-on-one, 1 to 10, 1 to 10,000. How do I develop those skills to serve and give generously? You have followed this mindset perfectly, which is a mindset of generosity and gratitude. And that's all you did for essentially the last two decades. How can I learn how to become a better human? How can I give generously? and how can I be appreciative and grateful for the life that I have? And you had no money for almost four years as a monk, but I would bet that you lived a beautifully rich life. Mhm. You didn't need the money to feel rich. You felt provided for. You had nature. You had community. You were learning. You got to be on purpose. You got to serve. And what a beautiful gift to receive. And you had no money in your bank account. Mhm. But you were probably one of the richest people that you knew. And that is beautiful. Yeah. That is abundant. Yeah. And that's something that definitely doesn't change with the financial change. If I have no money right now, how can I get to a place where you were at where I had the richest, most abundant life? Cuz I was working on me. I was a giver. I was generous with my time and my energy and my resources with every whatever I had. And then how can I start to earn more money, make money easy by feeling effortless internally, expanding my nervous system so that it can receive more and feel safe. That is a rich abundant life. And that's what we're all really looking for. And me and you both know people who have hundreds of million dollars that they've exited companies and they're not happy. It doesn't mean having more money equals happiness. You still have to learn how to heal you and have a healthy relationship with yourself and money even when you have it. When you're looking for a quick fix and a quick win, the problem is the speed at which you win is the speed at which you lose. Yes. Right. So if you think I'll put money into this now, I'll make something in a week. Chances are, like you said, you lose it immediately. You lose in a day. You lose it in a day. And the reason that happens is because you actually don't know why you're putting your money there. So it goes back to your first point of awareness. It goes back to something you call the mapping habit, the plan. Because what's going on is you're saying, I want this to happen now. I want this to happen immediately. I want this to happen quickly. So I know zero about this crypto. I know zero about this property. I've had friends literally gamble away their life savings because they heard all their friends were making money through crypto. I always when people say to me, "I've got this much money. What should I invest in?" I'm like, "What do you know about? Invest in that. What do you actually know about?" Like, "What do you actually have experience, knowledge, wisdom in because guess what? Because of that, you'll make money on it because you actually understand it." Again, it goes back to the point of respect. If we don't respect our audience, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your community, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your clients, it doesn't grow. By us saying, "I want to make money, but I know nothing about this industry," it means I'm disrespecting the industry. And sure, there may be one person who had some lucky story that they tell you about. But the truth is, most of us are not going to get there. So, if you have a little bit of money and you're like, "Jay, I've only got $100 to invest. Lewis, I've only got $1,000 to invest." And you ask me where to put it, put it in what you know. Put it in yourself if that's all you know is yourself and your skills. And I think so many of us are looking for that ticket, but actually that investment in yourself will pay so many dividends. This is this is I'm glad you said this because a week ago someone literally asked me if I have $1,000 right now to invest, where should I invest it? And everyone says, "Put it in crypto, put it in real estate funds, put it in all these things." Don't listen to any of that. When I had no money, there was two things that I needed to create more of a currency within me. And that was courage and confidence. I lacked the courage to develop certain skills. When I had courage to go all in on learning public speaking or learning how to write, I didn't know those skills. I actually lacked those skills and I was afraid to be a failure at those things by trying them. But by having the courage to invest my time and energy in a public speaking class, in a writing coach, I didn't have the skills, but I developed the courage. That courage created the actions to create confidence. That confidence created a currency within me of belief. That belief dictated my behaviors to start charging more, to go out there and ask for more, to put myself out there in bigger ways. And so, if you have $1,000 or $5,000 right now and you want to figure out where to invest it, invest it in courage to learn new skills that will give you confidence. That will be an incredible currency that you'll have forever. I mean, Lewis, I'm so excited for people to read this book. It's honestly I love this conversation because we're both sitting here as people who like you said not not finished our money journey either. We're we're you know I've got so many years left to learn so much more. The reason why I empathize with it is I never ever thought I'd be financially abundant mentally or physically. And I know you feel the same way. I never figure out how to make money. Same. I really empathize with everyone who's listening going I'm stuck. I'm trying to figure this out. But I really do believe it starts with this because this is the work you'll have to do whether you make money tomorrow or in 10 years. And no matter how much you make, you're still going to have to do this work. Yes. In this book because even if you find a way to make money and you become really really financially successful, you will never feel free in that financial success without doing this work. And you'll still feel anxious and you'll still feel stressed and you'll still feel all of that. Right? I tell a story in the book about I used to live in an apartment building here in you know in LA. It was really sad and there's a lot of wealthy people in this building that I lived in. A lot of celebrities and billionaires. I was the poorest person there which is another another lesson which is to put yourself in rooms where you can mastermind with people and be around proximity of of people who have more so you can learn from them. But I uh was on a trip and I came back from a trip driving back into the the valet of my building and there was a tent in the valet like in the driveway and I kind of jokingly said to the valet attendant as I pulled into the building I said someone didn't jump did they kind of like joking and the guy looked at me with like a serious face like yeah it just happened like 30 minutes ago and I was I was like this can't be real. I was like what? There's billionaires in here. There's millionaires in here. There's celebrities in here. I was like, why would anyone in this building take their own life? And it was kind of like just this shock to me because I learned later who this person was. Someone did jump off the building right before I came back. And he was worth hundreds of millions of dollars net worth if you just Googled his name. And I was just thinking, why would someone worth so much money take their life? And I don't want to assume what really happened, but it doesn't mean having all the money in the world is going to solve all your problems, and you're going to feel like you can love and accept yourself, that you have self-worth. So, like you said, you may learn how to make a lot of money, but if you haven't learned how to heal your relationship with you, then all the money in the world can't save your life and can't make you feel rich, can't make you feel abundant, can't make you have beautiful relationships with friends, family, colleagues. And that's real. The real wealth comes in life when you have deep meaningful relationships. And something I want to acknowledge that you do really well is you follow this first habit, the mindset habit so well, which is how can I be generous with my time, my energy, my love for friends, family, colleagues, your community. This community feels it. Everyone listening and watching right now feel your generosity, your giving heart, and your gratitude for them. Whether it be individually or collectively, they feel it. And most people, they want to make more money, but they don't have that generosity, that grateful spirit, and they want the quick fix. They want to make easy money quick, not make money easy. And the billionaires that I know you know, and the millionaires that that we know, we've interviewed, and I'll ask them this question. What do you think the key to creating more financial abundance every year after year is for you? Every billionaire or mega millionaire will say giving more. I make more when I give more that year. Whether it be giving more to charities, whether it be giving to people in my life, whether it be giving back to my community, giving back to my employees, my business, finding ways to give more and almost give where it feels a little uncomfortable. Like that was that was a big check I just wrote. Oh man, I care about this cause, this charity. Uh, I feel safe giving this amount, but what really would make it uncomfortable? Or I go to church every week and I typically give this, but what would make me feel a little uncomfortable? Most of these people say the more they give when it's the most uncomfortable, somehow they just keep earning more. And I'm not saying you should give all your money away and you're going to earn more back. But having that mindset of generosity, and you do this very well where you give to your community, whenever there's some type of breakdown in the world, you you're one of the first people to say, "How can we give? How can we rally the troops?" You give first. You rally the troops. Say, "Let's give back." The fires happened. Stuff happened in India a couple years ago. Stuff's always happening. And you say, "We're going to give." I don't know if that seems something conscious you think about like oh by giving more every year it helps me make more but also I feel richer and when you do that with everyone in your life whether you're the hostess and you give curiosity love passion fun playfulness you're giving something in that moment if you can write a check for something that is a cause and you give it's because you can and you do it generously it's just going to make you richer inside and you're creating an energy of abundance to attract more. I think for me it was watching my parents. So for all the other things I said about just enough and everything, my parents always gave in charity. Our home was always a home where everyone was welcome. My mom would happily cook dinner for everyone even though, you know, we didn't have everything. Yeah. And so my parents had this generous heart at the same time. They probably felt rich in that generosity. For sure. And they did it when we didn't have a lot. Like my parents now when I realize how much my parents made and how much they gave in charity, the proportions were pretty off. And I think for me, I just felt so fortunate and I feel so lucky and I feel so grateful that I have been able to find abundance in my life that I feel like the only natural reaction to that has to be to give. Yeah. When I came back to LA with the fires and everything, I was just grateful to come back to our home. Yeah. But not everyone I know came back to a home. And so I felt grateful that I had a home. And so I was like, okay, what can we do? And so I think it comes from a place of gratitude again. It comes from a place of seeing my parents be so generous even though they had nothing to give actually. And it ultimately comes to me because I just feel like there's no better use for it in the long run than that. And I do believe it will come back in its own way. I don't give it because I want it back. I I give it because I believe there's a need. But I do deeply believe that it will come back in its own way and it always has. The book's called Make Money Easy: Create Financial Freedom and Live a Richer Life. Lewis House. Lewis, I'm so grateful genuinely for this conversation. It's left me feeling so rich. I've always felt rich in our friendship and I'm really glad that you wrote about it in this way because I think there's lots of great money experts out there who are giving really good sound financial advice. Yeah, that's not that's not what this is. And I think we need all of it, but I think this is a deep part because I know for me personally, this has been really deep work and you put it into a book. And so I'm so grateful that people get to access. Thank you for doing this. Everyone who's been listening or watching, read the book, learn the habits, tag me and Lewis on Instagram, on Tik Tok. Let me know what's resonating with you, what's connected with you. I want to hear your stories. I want to hear what skill you invested in. I want you to turn up at your job. Even if you hate it, I want you to turn up to it with all the love that you possibly have. See whose mind you blow, who gets impressed by what you're doing. Someone's going to be able to shift your life at some point. And it's going to start with you. But just don't underestimate the value of these things that sound simple and they sound like I've got to figure out something more complex. No, no, no. This is where it starts. And this will mean that at the end of it, you'll be happy. So, uh, thank you to Lewis. Thank you to each and every one of you. And yeah, make money easy. Appreciate it, bro. Make money easy. I love you, bro. If you love this episode, you'll love my conversation with Dr. Joe Dispensza on why stress and overthinking negatively impacts your brain and heart and how to change your habits that are on autopilot. Listen to it right now. How many times do we have to forget until we stop forgetting and start remembering? That's the moment of change. No one cares how many times you fell off the bicycle. If you ride the bicycle now you ride the

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sparkle-87: The person who walks in through the door if he were money - I would hug and kiss him, he’s my world known him a while but developed romantically - I found him and I want to be the best person and just have a great life together so he has no worries in life ❤
  2. @hiranjandias3626: $ I need help
  3. @hiranjandias3626: $
  4. @Sparkle-87: I’m reading a book called Napoleon hill - think and grow rich good book so far
  5. @isaiahthe_dev: I come from a place where my trust has been broken many times. I grew up being outcasted from my family simply because Im mixed or because they dont like my parents, my friends would use me and make fun of me behind my back just because i was always a bit awkward in social situations, and now my girlfriend of nearly 2 years is pregnant, and im starting to find out that this girl isnt the one for me cause shes not as passionate about helping the community as I am. It seems like shes more focused on getting her own needs provided. I cant give up my responsibilities because i have some part in getting myself in this situation and i work off of principles, not survival. But after bills and unexpected expenses i end up nearly broke at the end of each month. I managaed to save up a couple thousand and ive been looking into starting my own business, but im not sure what kind of business to get into because i dont have a truck or much money to put in initially but i have a very strong work ethic and drive. I just cant afford something too risky cause i have a baby to think about. If anyone could just share some advice it would mesn the world to me
  6. @polygonalgraphs: just saw a vid on tiktok, said if you grew up in poverty, the amount of spiritual work you have to do to allow money into your life.
  7. @CheniReacts-e5o: Great vídeo, Thank you :face-red-heart-shape:
  8. @modernbossblueprint: talking to money is what stood out for me, unlearning the narrative that all people that have money are doing shady things!!!
  9. @AdrianaGonzalez-if3vu: Thank you so much for this conversation. Golden nuggets. You both are amazing and wise men.  I learned a lot from you today and I would like to add value everywhere I go.:face-red-heart-shape:
  10. @JasonBrown282-f2l: I like that you kept it realistic instead of overhyping things. Makes it easier to trust.
  11. @DanielMartin-g9t: Do you think social media is helping people learn finance, or just creating false expectations?
  12. @SportsTrendingStats: I think you are too old to have nintendo in your young age 😂
  13. @thedevoutlier: Great vídeo, Thank you
  14. @MohammadIslam-ok7ep: I would embrace money
  15. @Jewtaisa: I would be excited to see money 🎉and run up to her and hug her with her long wavy hair and glowing face, I would treat her as a friend and take her around places and people to meet her and then part ways, thanking her for stopping by and I’m excited to see her again soon! I would miss her but I will let her go because she have a life to live too hahaha 😂😂😂😂 I can’t believe I just visualize how she looks like bruh 😎 haha 🤣
  16. @EllyKnows: the mindset
  17. @judyturk: Which episode is this please?
  18. @GenzerLopena: Nice conversations 👌
  19. @BehavioralCapital-c1m: In this episode, Lewis Howes and Jay Shetty discuss the emotional and psychological side of wealth, emphasizing that financial freedom is impossible without healing your internal relationship with money.
Core Themes:
1. Awareness is Step One: You must analyze your "money story"—the beliefs and attachment styles you inherited from your parents—and observe how your body physically reacts (stress, shallow breathing) when you receive or spend money.
2. Beliefs Dictate Behavior: If you believe "money is bad" or "rich people are dishonest," you will subconsciously sabotage your own success to remain a "good person."
3. From Helplessness to Helpfulness: When you are broke or stuck, stop trying to "take" from others to survive. Instead, flip the script to a mindset of service; adding value to others is the fastest way to build the connections and opportunities that lead to wealth.
4. Generosity as a Currency: Wealth isn't just a bank balance; it’s the energy you bring to the world. Being generous with your time, wisdom, and passion—even when you have no money—creates a "rich" internal state that attracts abundance.
5. Stop Chasing "Easy Money": Avoid the trap of "get-rich-quick" schemes (crypto hacks, gambling). True financial success comes from "making money easy" through the slow, consistent development of skills over a decade or more.
6. Respect the "Guest": Treat money as if it were a person you love. If you gossip about money, avoid looking at your accounts, and abuse your finances, the "energy" of money will not stay in your life.
7. Invest in Yourself: If you have limited funds, do not gamble them on speculative assets. Invest them in courage-building activities (coaching, training) that develop skills, which are the most reliable assets you will ever own.
8. The Trap of High Net Worth: Having a high net worth does not equate to being "free." Many wealthy people remain trapped in scarcity and anxiety because they never did the internal work to heal their self-worth.
9. Give Where it’s Uncomfortable: True abundance is unlocked by giving—whether money, time, or kindness—especially when it feels slightly uncomfortable. This breaks the cycle of ego and hoarding.
10. True Wealth is Internal: A rich life is defined by deep, meaningful relationships and feeling free in every moment, regardless of the number in your bank account.
  20. @Nothingunusuals: I would be amazed and approach them for assistance to help others and myself, while treat it with care and frugality

- This Family Owns America Even Donald Trump Fears Them: Kind: captions Language: en-US you might think the Rothschilds the Waltons or even the Arnolds are the richest and most powerful families in America but what if we told you they're not even close in this video we uncover the real dynasties the ones you've never seen on Forbes never spotted on red carpets yet hold more influence over your life than any celebrity ever could these families don't chase attention they own the systems that shape it and if you stay until the end we'll reveal the one American family so discreet so embedded in the machinery of power even Donald Trump had to tread carefully around them the Coke family America's shadow power brokers in the shadows of Capitol Hill behind every Bill you never read and regulation you never noticed stands a family that has never run for office but has rewritten American policy for decades the Coke family doesn't need public approval they own the engine room with an estimated net worth of $68 billion the Cox built their empire through Coke Industries a sprawling conglomerate with interests ranging from energy and oil to fertilizers polymers and paper goods you've probably interacted with Coke owned products today without even realizing it Georgia Pacific paper towels Coke stain resistant carpet likely made with their chemicals but it's not just their reach in consumer goods that defines their influence it's their precision engineered grip on power instead of lobbying like everyone else the Cokes created their own political ecosystem from funding libertarian think tanks to building massive data driven voter networks they've architected a machine that shapes policy from the inside out their fingerprints are found on everything from climate deregulation to tax policy without their name ever being on the ballot unlike public funding billionaires who seek the spotlight Charles Koch mastered the art of behind the curtain influence directing billions into causes aligned with small government free markets and conveniently business friendly legislation the result a private dynasty with public consequences but here's the twist their power wasn't inherited from centuries of royalty it was built in the boardroom and refined in backroom strategy sessions Kitchen Industries is still privately owned allowing them to operate outside shareholder scrutiny making them one of the most untraceable dynasties in modern capitalism this isn't just about oil or politics it's about the invisible architecture of control and the Cox wrote the blueprint comment influence without spotlight if this kind of stealth power fascinates you and stay tuned the next family may just be the royalty of retail hiding in plain sight the Ambani family Asia's extravagant empire in the heart of Mumbai rises a structure so vast so bewildering in its design and detail that locals call it a vertical Versailles but this isn't a palace built by kings it's Antilia the 2 billion dollar skyscraper residence of the Ambani family Asia's richest dynasty and one of the most extravagant families on earth LED by Mukesh Ambani chairman of Reliance Industries the family presides over a business empire worth more than $85 billion spanning energy telecommunications retail and now green energy but their story isn't just about industrial dominance it's about how unimaginable wealth reshapes gravity both economic and cultural Antilia towers 27 stories into the Mumbai skyline housing a private snow room multiple helipads a ballroom with crystal chandeliers and a six floor garage for over 160 luxury cars inside interior designers from Perkins and will blended Indian spirituality with Middle Eastern opulence outside armed guards and biometric access keep the rest of the world firmly at bay yet the real spectacle isn't the building it's what happens within it Beyonce once performed at an Ambani wedding so did Coldplay entire city blocks shut down for family events that blur the line between Celebration and coronation when Mukesh's daughter married in 2018 the guest list read like a G20 summit Hillary Clinton included and while the public marvels at their splendor the Ambanis are shifting their empire toward the future with multi billion dollar investments in solar energy hydrogen fuel and AI they're not just building wealth they're engineering longevity Reliance Jio their telecom venture disrupted the Indian market by offering near free data forcing global giants to rethink their strategies in India the Ambanis aren't just business people they're a parallel institution their power is woven into the nation's infrastructure entertainment and economy but as they push deeper into clean energy and global finance the question lingers is this still a family or the architecture of a future empire and just beyond this another family waits less visible more ancient and infinitely more mysterious the Bettencourt Family Quiet Billionaire royals in a world obsessed with visibility the Bettencourt family is an enigma whispers of power cloaked in Parisian silence with a net worth of $92 billion they are the royal bloodline behind L'oreal the global cosmetics giant that touches millions of faces while keeping its own unsee at the center of this dynasty once stood Liliane Bettencourt heiress to the empire built by her father in 190 9 for decades she ruled quietly from her art filled mansion on Rue de LA Bordereau never courting press never needing to she was Europe's richest woman yet remained a mystery behind French lace curtains but discretion doesn't guarantee peace in 2010 the Bettencourt affair shattered that illusion allegations of political bribery secret accounts in the Seychelles and manipulation by a celebrity photographer turned private family drama into a global scandal the fallout LED to a courtroom war pitting mother against daughter over control of billions even that chaos failed to crack the Bettencourt shell today the family holds majority control over L'oreal through Thetis their investment vehicle operating behind the scenes they oversee an empire spanning over 150 countries from Maybelline to Lancome pushing boundaries in beauty tech AI driven skincare and pharmaceutical cosmetics their legacy is now guarded by Francoise Bettencourt Mayer Liliane's daughter whose passion isn't headlines it's heritage she's a patron of the arts owner of rare manuscripts and sponsor of restorations for Notre Dame while other billionaires broadcast the better cores collect in silence Picassos Rothco's rare editions bound in gold locked behind unlisted doors their power isn't loud it doesn't need to be it lingers in boardrooms in labs in Louvre wings restored by unseen hands and while other dynasties chase spotlight and spectacle the bettencourt's do something more dangerous they endure silently scripting the future of global beauty one formula at a time and somewhere another family is watching equally invisible but far more ancient the slim family Latin America's telecom titans while some billionaires measure power in palaces and private jets Carlos Slim rules through something far more elusive infrastructure with a net worth hovering around $95 billion slim is Latin America's undisputed telecom king the architect behind America Movil and Telmex companies that control the digital lifeline for hundreds of millions despite commanding one of the most influential telecom empires in the world Slim's lifestyle feels almost paradoxical no mega yachts no Hollywood mansions instead he still lives in the same six bedroom house in Mexico City he's owned for over four decades no armed convoy no gated fortress just understated confidence built from quiet dominance but don't mistake simplicity for weakness through Grupo Carso Slim's reach extends far beyond phones touching construction retail finance and even mining his business strategy buy when others are fearful in 2008 while markets collapsed slim invested $250 million in The New York Times company today it's one of the most profitable stakes in his portfolio his art collection is said to rival museums housed in the Museo Sumaya a twisting silver landmark in Mexico City built in memory of his wife inside are pieces from Rodin Daly and Rivera worth hundreds of millions this is the paradox of Carlos Slim a man whose net worth could buy entire nations yet chooses restraint over spectacle his influence is built into the fiber optic cables the towers the satellite beams that carry information across the Americas and while the world watches Bezos and Musk Race to Space Slim remains rooted unshakable invisible essential comment power is quiet if you believe the loudest people aren't always the most powerful the Mars family candy pets and legacy you might think Mars is just about m and m's and Snickers but behind the colorful shells and caramel swirls lies a 126 billion dollar empire quietly run by a family that rarely shows their face in public the Mars family doesn't chase headlines they build legacies Mars Inc began with a single candy bar and evolved into a global giant that doesn't just dominate confectionery it owns half of your pet's life through brands like Pedigree Whiskas Royal Canin and Banfield Pet Hospitals the Mars family has created a parallel empire in pet care worth tens of billions they even invest in veterinary diagnostics and health tech controlling parts of an industry most billionaires overlook their approach to wealth is surgical no ipos no boardroom drama Mars Inc remains 100% family owned fiercely private and deliberately elusive their headquarters in McLean Virginia operates more like a classified facility than a corporate campus employees are told to say little executives rarely grant interviews but their influence is deeply embedded in daily life from candy aisles to your dog's vet visit the Mars name moves silently through billions of transactions each year and while the family avoids social media and celebrity status their philanthropy is equally discreet often funding food sustainability and animal welfare projects under anonymous foundations their luxury it's coded into control ownership without noise power without the paparazzi the Mars family doesn't need a throne they've embedded their rule into every corner of your cupboard and your pet's bowl and in a world where billionaires fight for spotlight Mars reminds us the quietest players often own the game the Walton family the retail overlords you don't just shop at Walmart you live in a world it helped build behind the everyday low prices and fluorescent aisles stands a dynasty worth $250 billion the Walton family founded in 1962 by Sam Walton Walmart reshaped the American economy from the ground up what began as a humble store in Bentonville Arkansas evolved into the largest retailer on earth with over 10,500 locations across 19 countries every minute Walmart processes more than 5,000 transactions that's not retail it's infrastructure but the Waltons didn't stop at cash registers their wealth extends far beyond commerce through the Walton Family Foundation they've quietly poured billions into education reform environmental causes and urban redevelopment they're also behind the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art housing works by Warhol Rockwell and O'keefe built with a 150 million dollar budget still their control of Walmart remains surgical Rob Jim and Alice Walton sit atop a carefully managed family trust that maintains significant influence over corporate decisions without stirring media storms no flashy yachts no Twitter fights just dominance and yet not everyone applauds critics point to labor disputes wage debates and the shadow Walmart casts over small town businesses but the numbers speak louder than the noise Walmart generates over $600 billion in annual revenue that's more than the GDP of most countries the Waltons aren't just retail moguls they're architects of a consumer empire that defined the 20th century and continues to dictate the flow of goods labor and influence in the 21st while others flex with flash the Waltons shaped the landscape itself and they did it one row back at a time the Arnold family fashions royalty when wealth meets refinement it doesn't shout it whispers in Dior silk and Louis Vuitton leather the Arnaud family helmed by Bernard Arnaud sits atop a 240 billion dollar empire built not on oil or tech but on aspiration through LVMH home to Louis Vuitton Dior Moet and Chandon and over 75 other luxury brands they don't just sell fashion they sell status unlike the flashiness of Silicon Valley moguls Bernard Arnault's influence is quietly omnipresent walk through Paris Milan Tokyo or Dubai and chances are you're walking past a storefront under his domain but retail is only the surface his family's real life monopoly board includes the Chateau Cheval Blanc Vineyard in Bordeaux where a single bottle can fetch over $10,000 and the Bulgari Hotel in Venice nestled along the Grand Canal like a modern day palace their mega yacht Symphony spans 333 feet reportedly valued at $150 million complete with a glass bottom pool and a helipad but it's not just luxury they've engineered legacy Arnold has strategically placed his five children across divisions of LVMH ensuring continuity without chaos their presence is felt from fashion shows in Paris to backstage at Moet Champagne sellers behind the elegance lies precision the Arnolds are meticulous controlling supply chains acquiring heritage maisons and steering LVMH to record breaking valuations even during global downturns their empire is curated like a runway show nothing out of place everything intentional in the age of Loud Money the Arnold family proves that the most powerful signal of wealth is control over aesthetics legacy and perception while others race to disrupt they've mastered the art of timeless dominance and they're not chasing trends they're making them the Rothschild family banking's phantom dynasty they've been called the architects of modern banking the shadow financiers of empires and the silent owners of history but the Rothschild family never needed to be loud with a conservatively estimated net worth of $400 billion their power has always moved behind closed doors through discreet trusts quiet mergers and generational strategy their empire began in the 18th century when Mayer Amshul Rothschild set up shop in Frankfurt but it was his genius to place each of his five sons in financial centres across Europe London Paris Vienna Naples and Frankfurt that birthed the first true multinational banking dynasty over centuries they didn't just finance governments they influenced the outcomes of wars underwrote railroads and safeguarded monarchies today they remain deeply embedded in global finance through discreet holdings investment funds and private equity ventures often under lesser known entities and advisory firms yet what makes the Rothschilds truly remarkable isn't just their wealth it's their obsession with secrecy and legacy their residences are rarely photographed their transactions rarely public their family meetings are conducted like diplomatic summits and many of their family offices operate through trusts spanning multiple jurisdictions making them nearly untouchable luxury of course they own estates in the French countryside art collections worth hundreds of millions and vineyards like Chateau Lafite Rothschild where a single bottle can sell for $40,000 but it's never for display it's for preservation in an age where wealth screams on social media the Rothschilds remain a phantom dynasty proving that the most powerful families aren't always the loudest they are the blueprint of dynastic permanence comment silent money moves loudest if you believe legacy matters more than headlines what comes next makes even the Rothschilds look exposed the Al Saud family oil empire with royal power they are not just a royal family they are a sovereign force backed by oil fields military alliances and a state owned company so massive it makes Fortune 500 lists look modest the Al Saud family with an estimated net worth of $1.4 trillion controls Saudi Aramco the most profitable company on the planet but their influence doesn't end at crude oil it begins there their wealth funds mega projects like Neum a planned 500 billion dollar futuristic city rising from the sands of the desert it's not just a city it's a declaration of power technology and permanence designed to be carbon neutral and AI governed NEOM represents how the Al Saud family is shaping the future of civilization itself on their terms when it comes to personal luxury the scale becomes mythic we're talking gold plated Mercedes Benz's Falcons that fly in private jets and palaces with over 1,000 rooms King Salman's official residence alone Al Yamama Palace is rumoured to cost more than $500 million filled with marble imported from Italy and chandeliers custom built in France and yet most of their wealth moves silently through the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia one of the world's largest sovereign wealth funds with assets in Uber Lucid Motors Softbank and even Newcastle United Football Club their economic fingers reach across continents industries and governments what makes the Al Saud family unique is not just the sheer magnitude of their fortune it's the fusion of royal authority with corporate empire tradition with modernity and religion with real politique in a world where wealth often buys access they don't need access they own the stage and for those watching carefully it's clear the richest family in the world doesn't chase visibility they command the global order from within the Crown family family that even Trump couldn't meet they don't own a royal title but they carry a name that whispers through corridors of real power the Crown family worth an estimated $80 billion rarely makes headlines but their fingerprints are everywhere General Dynamics JP Morgan Chase Aspen Skiing company and layers of strategic foundations that shape policy from the shadows what sets them apart isn't just wealth it's untraceable influence they hold deep stakes in General Dynamics supplying advanced military systems to the US government they fund think tanks like the Aspen Institute guide education through Northwestern University and quietly bankroll climate initiatives intelligence linked tech firms and diplomatic forums and here's the twist during Trump's presidency insiders say White House advisors were careful when dealing with Crownback defense contracts rumour has it one Crown descendant was even floated as a key figure in back channel diplomatic negotiations fear might be a strong word but respect wrapped in caution undeniable their estate in Aspen isn't just luxury it's shielded by anti drone tech biometric fencing and even underground tunnels a 21st century fortress built not for show but for continuity comment invisible empire if you believe real power moves in silence they don't flaunt wealth they engineer it quietly generationally ruthlessly these families don't trend on social media because they own the platforms where trends begin and that final dynasty the one so powerful it made presidents wait their name remains off the books by design if this glimpse into invisible power intrigues you like the video and subscribe to billionaire story more untold truths deeper than money darker than politics are just one episode away

  Top Comments:
  1. @sherryanimallover7506 [174 likes]: The most powerful who moves in silence is God! And he doesn't need gold, silver, fancy cars, anything that's material or sinful.
❤️🇺🇸🕊🕊✝️🕊🕊🇺🇸❤️
  2. @evelyngerritsma4469 [2 likes]: Exactly. Silence. No one will get jealous & take them down. This is why they stay up there. No downfalls. But one thing they cant avoid is :  when universe & ALMIGHTY CREATOR wants to take it away from them, in a split second it can happened. Natural disasters is what they cant afford to HAVE.
  3. @MarinaM-o6p [1 likes]: ‘ great strategy ‘ on how to CREATE an  ADDICTION AND PROFIT FROM IT . 📚
  4. @DJHONEYLAND [1 likes]: The only honest family is Mars
  5. @BigD-hp7wu [1 likes]: Did he say 80 billion? I’m thinking that’s chump change
  6. @citygalmelanieproductions1431: I think they’re going to go broke🎉
  7. @citygalmelanieproductions1431: If people weren’t so infected they’d trade apples and oranges
  8. @DJHONEYLAND: Carlos slim is money launder that cover the narcos for decades via scrubbing phone conversations and selling info to the CIA he is also a human trafficker next to his partner con Mexican President Salinas the anus of Mexico corruption shame on this garbage he is the drug mule of Mexicans carteles formulated by the CIA garbage 🗑️
  9. @DJHONEYLAND: This people
Are evil their wealth is build on blood
Money nothing celebratory
  10. @BarryMorrison-e3b: Nope don't look for attention
  11. @JohnHeld-v3q: The.Bush.doc.on.youtube.will.tell.you.everything.you.need.to.know
  12. @era_emuha: Yeah, and in a universal scale, they're just tiny ants, even less...
  13. @RoyalCommand26: 😮
  14. @Stevies_TV: Of course their name is coke... it's all about the coke 😅
  15. @JorgeYi: I cannot see these kind of people in another way. I see them like monsters and criminals. The epitome of psychopathy.
  16. @josephpowers7155: Donald Trump Jr // the name means King Little Horn... Daniel said the final world ruler was the Little Horn .. there's a lot more to say but it is time to genuinely seek to become a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven while still alive- as in NOW
  17. @AliciaRahe: Influence without spotlight.
  18. @PrengLleshi-w3b: FAMILI   OWNS🎉 AMERIKA 🎉
  19. @AJAbraham5317: He doesn't look slim at all
  20. @AJAbraham5317: That building is so ugly, I wouldn't even look at it twice

- The Psychology of Money What Daniel Kahneman Teaches Us About Wealth, Fear and Decision Making: Kind: captions Language: en How Daniel Conorman explains why people buy. The psychology behind every decision you make. Today we embark on a 15-minute journey into your own mind. Hi everyone, it's Michael here. Today I want to take you deeper than ever before. Not just into psychology or sales, but into human nature itself. Because once you understand Daniel Conorman, you don't just understand buying behavior. You understand the hidden mechanisms of power. Think about the last time you made a big purchase, a car, a course, an investment. At the time, it felt like a rational decision. You had reasons. You had explanations. But did you decide first and then justify? Or did you truly calculate everything logically? Conorman showed us the truth. We are not rational creatures who sometimes get emotional. We are emotional creatures who sometimes use logic. Classical economics assumed homoeconomicus, the rational human who always maximizes benefit. But in the real world, we are far from perfect. People hold losing stocks too long. We buy things we don't need. We fall for marketing tricks. Conoran discovered these weren't random mistakes. They were predictable, which means they could be studied and used. This is where sales, marketing, and power enter the picture. The two systems that control you. System one is fast, automatic, and intuitive. System two is slow, analytical, and deliberate. System one runs most of your life. It's effortless, and emotional. It's the pilot that never sleeps, making thousands of choices every hour. System two is lazy. It requires focus and burns glucose. Your brain is designed to conserve energy, so it defaults to shortcuts. Biases. Why spend $10,000 on a watch when a $200 one tells time just as well? Because it's not about time, it's about identity, status, belonging. System one decides this feels powerful. System two then steps in to justify it. It's an investment, but the emotion always comes first. Let's talk about anchoring. Conorman showed that irrelevant numbers can pull our decisions like a spin of a wheel before a serious estimate. In real estate, a 3 million house makes a 1.8 million one feel reasonable. The house didn't change. Your mental anchor did. Apple does this perfectly. Launch a $2,000 laptop and suddenly the $2,300 model feels like a bargain. Anchors redefine normal. Now, the most powerful force, loss aversion. Conorman discovered that losses hurt twice as much as equivalent gains feel good. This is why scarcity works. Avoiding loss is a stronger motivator than acquiring gain. It's what drives panic sales and insurance markets. Prospect theory explains that when we are losing, we become gamblers. We double down because accepting the loss feels unbearable. The availability heruristic makes us fear plane crashes more than car accidents because they are more visible. Visibility creates your reality. Framing is the art of influence. The same data framed differently produces different behavior. Language activates emotion instantly. Apple sells identity. Tesla sells innovation. Nike sells self-belief. They all speak directly to your system. One, emotion leads the way. Decision fatigue kills action. Clarity increases conversion. The best businesses make the decision easy for you. Simplicity is power. To protect yourself, pause. Sleep on it. Activate system two deliberately because rationality requires effort and awareness is your rarest asset. You are not broken. You are human. Self-awareness is the highest form of leverage. I'm Michael. Stay with me to master the psychology of wealth.

- This is the Richest Old Money Family in America...Even Presidents Fear Them.: Kind: captions Language: en Forget the names you see flashing across your news feed every day. Forget the tech titans with their ambitions of colonizing other planets, their sprawling social media empires, and their very loud, very public, and often very fleeting displays of wealth. Their fortunes, while undeniably immense, are new. They're volatile, rising and falling with the latest market trends or the whims of a mercurial CEO. But there's another kind of money in America. An older, quieter, and far more entrenched kind of power. This is wealth measured not in fiscal years, but in generations. This is old money. These are the dynasties, the families whose fortunes were forged in the steel, oil, and railroads of the 19th century or carefully pieced together through retail and manufacturing long before the internet was even a flicker of an idea. They don't chase fame. In fact, most of them actively run from it, treating privacy as their most valuable asset. They don't need to cultivate a personal brand because their power isn't built on personality. It's woven into the very fabric of American life. They own the food you eat for breakfast, the candy you buy at the checkout counter, the stores you shop in for groceries, and the gas that fuels your car. You interact with their vast empires every single day, often without a second thought. Their influence isn't shouted from the rooftops. It's wielded discreetly in private boardrooms, from the seclusion of sprawling family estates, and through political networks that operate deep in the shadows. So, who are these families? How did they manage to build empires so durable that they've weathered world wars, the Great Depression, technological revolutions, and the constant, crushing pressures of time? What are the closely guarded secrets to their incredible staying power? And what does their story truly reveal about the nature of wealth and power in America? Today, we're pulling back the curtain and counting down the top 10 richest old money families in America. This isn't just a list of names and numbers. It's a journey inside the fortress of real generational power. A look at how it was painstakingly built, how it's ferociously protected, and the immense controversies it has created along the way. Kicking off our list at number 10 is a family that has quietly yet profoundly shaped what Americans read, watch, and how they communicate for over 125 years. The Cox family, with a fortune estimated at a formidable 26.8 billion. Their story doesn't begin in a glittering boardroom on Wall Street, but in a humble newspaper office in 1898. A man named James M. Cox, armed with little more than ambition and a deep understanding of the public word, borrowed some money to purchase the Dayton Evening News. Cox wasn't just another businessman. He was a former school teacher and reporter who viscerally understood the power of the media to shape opinion and influence society. That foundational insight would become the family's enduring trademark. His ambition couldn't be contained by publishing alone. He went on to become a three-term governor of Ohio and even ran for president of the United States in 1920 with a young charismatic Franklin D. Roosevelt as his running mate. He lost the election, but that defeat didn't slow him down one bit. He simply channeled that immense political drive back into his growing media empire. What began with a single Ohio newspaper grew into the sprawling privately held giant known as Cox Enterprises. The family brilliantly navigated the turbulent technological revolutions of the 20th century, a landscape littered with the corpses of companies that failed to adapt. When radio emerged as the new frontier, they bought stations. When television captured the nation's attention, they launched TV stations and methodically built one of the country's largest cable companies, Cox Communications. They understood a key immutable rule of generational wealth. You must adapt or you will be finished. Today, the third and fourth generations of the family, led by chairman and CEO Alex Taylor, run a massive and remarkably private company. While they shrewdely sold off many of their legacy media assets in recent years, they pivoted with incredible foresight and timing into a completely different gold mine, the automotive industry. If you've ever used Autotrader to find a used car or checked a vehicle's value on Kelly Blue Book, you've interacted with the modern Cox family empire. Those digital powerhouses are now the very backbone of their wealth, pulling in over $22 billion a year in revenue. By deliberately staying private, the Cox family affords themselves the ultimate luxury, the ability to think in decades, not in frantic fiscal quarters. They are a masterclass in how an old media fortune can be completely and masterfully reinvented for a new era, securing their spot among America's most powerful and enduring dynasties. At number nine, we find a name so deeply ingrained in American life that it's almost certainly hiding under your kitchen sink or inside your cleaning closet right now. The SC Johnson family with an estimated net worth of around $30 billion proves that the path to unimaginable wealth can be paved not with gold or silicon but with everyday household products. This is not a story of Wall Street finance or Silicon Valley disruption. It begins in the heartland in 1886 in Rasine, Wisconsin. A salesman for a local flooring company, Samuel Curtis Johnson made a bold move. He bought the business outright. He wasn't content just selling flooring. He soon started developing his own specialized floor wax to sell directly to his customers. That single product, Johnson's prepared paste wax, was the humble seed from which a global empire would grow. The company's motto was simple and direct, a family company. For five generations, through immense social and economic change, they've held true to that promise. While countless other family businesses eventually sold out to corporations or went public, the Johnson's held on tight. This fierce commitment to privacy gave them the invaluable freedom to make long-term patient plans and to cultivate a unique company culture far from the relentless short-sighted demands of Wall Street investors. This autonomy allowed them to pour vast sums of money into research and development, creating a dynasty of iconic brands that are now household names. Windex, Glade, Ziplock, Raid, and Pledge. Remarkably, leadership has been passed down directly from father to son for four generations. And now the fifth generation, led by chairman and CEO HF Fisk Johnson, is in charge. This kind of smooth, stable succession is exceedingly rare in the corporate world and is a huge component of their lasting success. The family has also meticulously built a reputation as one of the best and most ethical places to work in America. But the family's legacy isn't just about profits. The SC Johnson family was decades ahead of the curve on the concept of corporate responsibility. They were offering paid vacations to their employees way back in the 1930s during the depths of the Great Depression. In the 1970s, they voluntarily and unilaterally banned chlorofluocarbons or CFC's from all of their aerosol cans years before the government mandated it because they knew the chemicals were damaging the ozone layer. Still headquartered in their founding city of Rasine after more than 130 years, they represent a different, quieter kind of dynasty. one built not on ruthless tactics and hostile takeovers, but on quality products and an enduring belief that a business is fundamentally more than just a balance sheet. The family at number eight built their massive $30 billion fortune on something you can't see or touch, but that our entire modern world absolutely depends on. The vast hidden network of pipelines crisscrossing the nation like a great steel circulatory system. This is the Duncan family, heirs to an energy empire that began with a shockingly simple idea and a dose of pure Texas grit. The founder Dan Duncan was the living embodiment of the classic rags to rich's story. Born into profound poverty in rural Texas, his early life was marked by hardship. But he possessed an incredible unyielding work ethic and a sharp eye for opportunity where others saw none. After serving in the army, he got his start in the oil and gas fields and then struck out on his own in 1968. With just $10,000 to his name, some of it borrowed. He founded a company called Enterprise Products Partners. His core idea was simple yet utterly brilliant. At a time when the energy industry was fragmented and inefficient, Duncan saw the future in creating a consolidated one-stop shop for natural gas. He began methodically buying up pipelines, patiently building a comprehensive network that could gather, process, and deliver energy all under one roof. Enterprise products became the undisputed king of the midstream. that crucial and incredibly lucrative link between the drillers who pull resources from the ground and the refiners who turn it into usable products. Today, the company is an absolute giant. It controls over 50,000 m of pipelines carrying natural gas, oil, and prochemicals all across the country. It's like owning a toll road business on a colossal national scale. Every single time energy flows through their system, the Duncan family fortune grows. But Dan Duncan's story has one final unbelievable twist that secures his family's place in history. He passed away in 2010 during a unique one-year window where the federal estate tax had been temporarily repealed by Congress. It was a bizarre legal anomaly. If he had died just a few months earlier or a few months later, his estate would have faced a massive tax bill, potentially as high as 45%. Instead, his four children inherited the multi-billion dollar empire completely, 100% tax-free, marking one of the largest and most astonishing transfers of generational wealth in all of US history. Today, those four children share the immense fortune with his daughter Randa Williams serving as chairman of the board, quietly continuing the incredibly rich legacy their father built from literally nothing. Our seventh wealthiest dynasty didn't get rich from oil, media, or finance, but from one of America's most iconic comfort foods, the humble chicken sandwich. With a net worth of $33.6 $6 billion of the Kathy family, the founders and owners of Chick-fil-A, have built one of the most successful, most beloved, and most controversial fast food empires in the nation. The story begins not in a corporate high-rise, but in a small diner in Hapville, Georgia. In 1946, a man named Samuel Truit Cathy opened a restaurant called The Dwarf Grill. For years, he painstakingly tinkered with his recipe for a boneless chicken breast seasoned to perfection, pressure cooked in peanut oil for a juicy interior and served on a simple buttered bun with two pickles. In 1967, he opened the very first restaurant named Chick-fil-A and a cultural phenomenon was born. So, what sets the Cathy family and their business apart in the hyperco competitive world of fast food? an unwavering almost defiant commitment to a unique business philosophy rooted in their faith. Truet Cathy, a devout Southern Baptist, made it a non-negotiable core policy that all Chick-fil-A restaurants must close on Sundays. He believed his employees deserved a guaranteed day for rest, family, and worship, regardless of the financial cost. Business analysts estimate the company forgoes over a billion dollars in sales every single year because of this rule. And yet Chick-fil-A is a financial juggernaut. Its restaurants generate more money per location than any other fast food chain in the United States, even while being open one less day a week than all of their competitors. That phenomenal success is built on a legendary obsession with customer service, the my pleasure culture, and a unique franchise model that attracts highly motivated hands-on operators. But the family's deeply held conservative Christian values have also repeatedly thrust them into the center of national controversy. Public comments by family members on traditional marriage and millions in corporate donations to organizations with anti-LGBTQ stances sparked widespread protests and boycots throughout the 2010s. And yet through it all, the brand's intensely loyal customer base only seemed to grow stronger. The Cathy family story is a fascinating American paradox. a company that built a multi-billion dollar fortune on a foundation of southern hospitality while simultaneously becoming a lightning rod in the nation's ongoing culture wars. At number six, with a sprawling fortune of 41.6 billion, we find a family whose name you probably associate with luxury hotels, but whose true influence runs much, much deeper. The Pritsker family. This Chicago based dynasty is a masterclass in how to strategically leverage one successful business to build a diversified multi-generational empire of staggering complexity and reach. The architects of this empire were two brothers, Jay and Donald Pritsker. In 1957, Jay made a seemingly modest purchase, a motel called the Hyatt House, located near the Los Angeles airport. It was a small beginning, but the brothers shared a huge ambitious vision for a new kind of upscale hotel that catered specifically to business travelers and conventions. That single motel became the seed for what would grow into the global Hyatt Hotels Corporation. But the Pritskers were far too shrewd to put all their eggs in one hospitality basket. They were brilliant and often famously aggressive investors. Operating quietly through their family holding firm, the Marmon Group. They began buying up a vast and eclectic portfolio of companies. They bought everything from industrial manufacturers of railroad cars and construction equipment to famously TransUnion, the credit reporting agency. For decades, they operated almost completely under the radar, managing their immense and growing wealth through a complex labyrinthine web of over a thousand trusts. A financial strategy that not only protected their assets, but also made them pioneers in the art of sophisticated tax avoidance. However, that carefully guarded wall of privacy came crashing down in the early 2000s. After Jay Pritsker, the patriarch, passed away, a bitter and acrimonious family feud exploded into the public eye. Younger family members filed lawsuits against the elders, alleging that their trust funds had been plundered and mismanaged. The ensuing legal battle was vicious and threatened to tear the entire Pritska Empire apart from the inside. In the end, facing a potential catastrophe, the family agreed to a radical and unprecedented solution. They would systematically divide the entire $15 billion fortune among 11 different cousins. This massive restructuring known within financial circles as the Pritsker workout had a remarkable and unforeseen effect. It unleashed a new generation of 11 independently superw wealthy Pritskars into the world. Each with billions of dollars to their name and free to pursue their own ambitions. Penny Pritsker went on to serve as the US Secretary of Commerce under President Obama. Her brother JB Pritsker is the billionaire governor of Illinois. Gigi Pritsker has become a successful Hollywood film producer. From one simple motel near LAX, the Pritsker dynasty has multiplied, proving that even a fractured and embattled empire can remain an undeniable and powerful force in American life. Entering our top five is a dynasty that doesn't deal in tangible goods like candy or cars. They deal in the most abstract and powerful commodity of all, money itself. Trillions and trillions of dollars of it. The Johnson family of Boston, with a net worth of 44.8 billion, controls one of the largest and most influential financial institutions on the planet, Fidelity Investments. The story begins in 1946 when a Boston lawyer named Edward C. Johnson II took over a small unassuming mutual fund known as the Fidelity Fund. At a time when investing in the stock market was a privilege reserved almost exclusively for the super rich, Johnson had a profoundly revolutionary idea to make the market accessible to the average American middle class. He became a champion of the mutual fund, a vehicle that allowed everyday people, teachers, factory workers, small business owners to pull their money and have it managed by a seasoned professional. It was financial democratization on a scale never seen before. Under his guidance, Fidelity became an engine of innovation. He introduced money market funds that came with checkwriting privileges, a radical convenience at the time. His company was one of the very first to sell retirement plans like IAS directly to individuals, bypassing the traditional gatekeepers. He wasn't just managing money. He was fundamentally changing how Americans saved for college, for a new home, and for their retirement. His son, Edward Ned Johnson III, took the helm in 1977. Ned was known as an eccentric but brilliant leader who saw the future in technology long before his competitors. He poured billions into state-of-the-art computer systems and created the first telephone-based stock trading platform, allowing customers to make trades from their own homes. He transformed Fidelity into a true financial supermarket, offering everything from discount brokerage services to managing the 401k plans for millions of employees at major corporations. By insisting on keeping the company private, he could ignore the short-term pressures of quarterly earnings reports and focus entirely on long-term growth and technological dominance. Today, the third generation is firmly in charge. Ned's daughter, Abigail Johnson, now serves as the chairman and CEO of Fidelity. She is widely considered one of the most powerful women in the world of finance. The family still owns an estimated 49% of the company, giving them near total control over this financial behemoth. From a single mutual fund, they built a colossal fortune by giving millions of ordinary people a chance to build their own. At number four, we have a family that is the very definition of old money. They are sprawling, they are powerful, and they are so intensely secretive that they make other private families on this list look like reality TV stars. With a staggering collective net worth of $60.6 billion, the Cargill McMillan family owns the largest private company in the entire United States. A global agrous giant so deeply embedded in the world's food supply that you have almost certainly eaten its products today without ever knowing it. This dynasty's story begins in the immediate aftermath of the Civil War. In 1865, a man named William Wallace Cargill started a small single warehouse grain storage business in Iowa. As the railroads relentlessly expanded westward, opening up the American heartland, Cargill followed. He strategically set up grain elevators along the new routes, becoming a vital middleman in the nation's booming agricultural economy. He would buy, store, and trade grain, a simple but essential business. When his son-in-law, John McMillan, joined the business, the two family names became inextricably locked together, forging a dynasty. For over 150 years, Cargill Inc. has grown almost entirely in the shadows. Today, it is an agrous titan on a scale that is difficult to even comprehend. It operates in 70 countries and has its hands in nearly every part of the global food chain, trading massive quantities of grain, producing the chocolate used by other candy makers, manufacturing animal feed for livestock, and processing beef and poultry. The company's annual revenues are often larger than those of public giants like Coca-Cola or Goldman Sachs. Yet, it files no public earnings reports. What's most astounding about the Cargill McMillan clan is their fierce, unwavering commitment to privacy and family control. An estimated 90 family members still collectively own around 88% of the company. This ownership structure has had a stunning side effect. It has created more individual billionaires within a single family than almost any other in the world, a whopping 21 by one recent count. They are famous for living modestly, aggressively avoiding the press, and almost never making headlines. They are the absolute antithesis of the celebrity billionaire. Their long-term view allows them to make decisions not for the next fiscal quarter, but for the next generation. This strategy has enabled them to survive global conflicts, economic depressions, and commodity market crashes that would have crushed a bowam publicly traded company. The Cargill McMillan family operates like a hidden aristocracy. Their immense power flowing not from a famous brand name, but from their silent, essential, and near total control over the intricate global system that feeds the world. We've just crossed the $60 billion mark and the air is getting thin. We're about to enter the absolute stratosphere of American wealth, where fortunes are measured in the hundreds of billions. The top three families on our list have amassed fortunes so vast they are hard to truly comprehend. Before we reveal them, if you're finding these stories about the nature of generational power as fascinating as we do, take a moment to hit that subscribe button and ring the notification bell. We release deep dive videos like this every week, and you won't want to miss what's coming next. Now, let's get back to the countdown. On to number three. Cracking our top three is a family whose very name is as synonymous with industrial might as it is with intense political controversy. The Koch family with a massive net worth of $116 billion runs America's second largest private company, a sprawling and diversified conglomerate that has made them one of the most powerful and deeply polarizing forces in the entire country. The empire's foundation was laid by one man, Fred Coke, in the 1920s. He was a brilliant and innovative chemical engineer who invented a new, more efficient method for refining heavy crude oil into gasoline. However, his breakthrough was met with fierce resistance in the US where he was blocked by a barrage of lawsuits from the big established oil companies. So he took his invention overseas, finding an unlikely client, Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union. He spent years building refineries for the communist state, but grew to despise the ideology after witnessing its brutality and inefficiency firsthand. He returned to America with a renewed fervent anti-communist zeal and founded what would eventually become Coke Industries in 1940. When Fred died in 1967, ownership of the company passed to his four sons, Frederick, Charles, David, and William. What followed was not a smooth transition, but a Shakespearean battle of brother against brother. A nasty public and prolonged legal war erupted in the 1980s when William and Frederick attempted to stage a hostile takeover and forced Charles out of the company. In the end, Charles and his brother, David, emerged victorious, buying out their other two brothers shares for over a billion dollars. A move that over time would make Charles and David two of the richest men in the world. Under Charles's relentless and visionary leadership, Ko Industries transformed from a midsized oil company into a diversified industrial beast. They went on an acquisition spree, buying company after company. Today, Coke Industries is involved in a dizzying array of sectors from oil pipelines and fertilizer to brrawy paper towels, Dixie cups, the stain resistant carpeting in your office, and the high-tech electronic components inside your smartphone. Its annual revenues now top an incredible $125 billion. But the Ko's influence extends far beyond the boardroom. Driven by a staunch libertarian philosophy, Charles and David used their immense fortune to build one of the most sophisticated and powerful political influence networks in American history. They have poured hundreds of millions of dollars into a vast web of think tanks, advocacy groups, and political campaigns that push for free market policies, tax cuts, and deregulation. This has made them heroes to many conservatives and free market advocates and arch villains to liberals who accuse them of using their dark money network to bend the American political system to serve their corporate interests. After David's death in 2019, Charles continues to lead both the company and their political network, preparing the next generation to take the reigns of this powerful and controversial dynasty. At number two, we find a family that built a mind-blowing $17 billion fortune on two of life's simplest and most universal pleasures, candy and pets. The Mars family, the sole owners of the global empire Mars Incorporated, are perhaps the most obsessively secretive dynasty on this entire list. For over a century, they have operated in almost total anonymity while simultaneously creating some of the world's most famous and beloved brands. The story begins in 1911 when Frank C. Mars began making and selling buttercream candy from his own kitchen in Tacoma, Washington. The business struggled for years until his ambitious son, Forest Senior, joined him. Together they developed the Milky Way Bar, a confection with a new God center that became a massive national hit. But Forest was intensely driven and notoriously difficult. He constantly clashed with his father over the direction of the company and eventually left in a bitter feud, taking the Milky Way formula with him to England. There, with his father's blessing, but on his own terms, he built his own separate candy empire from scratch. It was during a trip to Spain during its brutal civil war that Forest had his next billion-dollar idea. He observed soldiers eating small pellet-sized pieces of chocolate coated in a hard sugar shell that prevented them from melting in the heat. He immediately recognized the genius of it, brought the idea back to the United States and in 1941 patented M&M's, a product that would become a global sensation and a cornerstone of the family fortune. He was a tyrannical boss obsessed with quality control and ruthless efficiency. After his father died, he returned to the US and staged a reverse takeover of the family company, merging his own successful business with the one he had abandoned years before to create the modern Mars Inky. But Forest Senor's greatest and most preient move was still to come. He astutely saw the emerging market for commercial pet food and diversified aggressively, launching brands like Pedigree and Whiskers. Today, Mars's pet care division is just as large, if not larger, than its famous confectionary business. If you've ever bought IAMS or Royal Cananan for your dog, or taken your pet to a banfield or VCA animal hospital, you have directly contributed to the Mars family fortune. The family's cultlike commitment to privacy is legendary. Mars, Inc. is still 100% familyowned and family members are reportedly forbidden from speaking to the press or even from being photographed for public purposes. This impenetrable wall of secrecy has allowed them to build their global empire for over a century with almost no public scrutiny. Today, the third and fourth generations of the Mars family silently run this colossal empire, a quiet but utterly dominant force in the global economy. We have seen fortunes built on media, finance, pipelines, and candy. But the family at number one on our list dwarfs them all. Their wealth isn't just a fortune. It's a vast economic force that has completely and irrevocably changed the way the entire world shops. With a net worth of an almost unbelievable $267 billion, the Walton family is by a massive and almost incomprehensible margin the richest dynasty in America and the world. To put that number in perspective, their fortune is more than double the Mars families at number two. It is larger than the entire gross domestic product of many countries. That is the sheer worldaltering scale of the company they built, Walmart. The story begins with one man, Sam Walton. Born in Oklahoma during the Great Depression, he was a man defined by two unshakable traits: relentless, burning ambition and an almost pathological frugality. After serving in World War II, he bought a Ben Franklin variety store in Newport, Arkansas. He was a natural-born retailer, constantly experimenting and always looking for new ways to cut his costs and lower his prices for customers. His motto was devastatingly simple, always low prices. After finding great success, his landlord shockingly refused to renew his lease, forcing him to sell the successful store. He had to move his family to the small remote town of Bentonville, Arkansas, and start all over again from scratch. This time, he made sure he owned the building. From his new store, Walton's 5 and 10, he perfected the revolutionary strategy that would one day conquer the world. He focused on rural towns that were completely ignored by the big retail chains like Sears and Kmart. He invested heavily in logistics to create a hypereefficient supply chain, buying goods in massive volumes at rockbottom prices. And he passed those savings directly on to the customer. On July 2nd, 1962 in Rogers, Arkansas, he opened the first store to bear the name Walmart. The rest is the stuff of business legend. Walmart's revolutionary big box stores swept across America, offering a range of products and prices that local merchants simply couldn't match, hollowing out countless main streets in the process. The company went public in 1970, a move that provided the capital for its explosive growth. But the Walton family wisely kept a huge ownership stake, the very foundation of their incredible fortune. Today, Walmart is the world's largest retailer by revenue with nearly 10,500 stores in 19 countries and staggering annual revenues of $648 billion. The family, Sam's three living children, Rob, Jim, and Alice, along with the family of his late son, John, still owns about 45% of the company's stock. That massive stake pays them billions upon billions of dollars in dividends every single year. A fire hose of cash that constantly replenishes their colossal fortune. The family's legacy, however, is deeply complicated. On one hand, they are seen as champions of the consumer who have saved American families untold billions of dollars. But they are also fiercely criticized for their devastating impact on small businesses and for a long and controversial history of low wages, poor benefits, and aggressive anti-UN policies. The third generation of Waltons is now taking on bigger roles within the empire, ensuring the dynasty's control for decades to come. Their story is the ultimate paradoxical fulfillment of the American dream, demonstrating how one man's simple idea and relentless uncompromising drive can build an empire that not only creates the world's largest family fortune, but completely changes the very way we live. From the reinvented media empire of the Cox family at number 10 to the world dominating retail machine of the Waltons at number one, the wealth we've discussed today is of a magnitude that is almost beyond imagination. The combined fortunes of just these 10 families represent a level of concentrated financial power that can shape entire economies, influence the course of politics, and quietly direct the future of major industries for generations to come. Their stories, while unique, all share common, powerful themes. A visionary and often ruthless founder, an unyielding drive for growth, a keen eye for diversification, and most importantly, a carefully constructed plan to keep power and control within the family. Unlike the new money billionaires of the tech and finance worlds, these dynasties prove that the most enduring fortunes are often the quietest. They are patient, they are strategic, and above all, they are built to last. They demonstrate that real generational power isn't always about having the loudest voice or the most visible brand. Sometimes it's about owning the room itself and the building it's in for the next hundred years. What do you think of these powerful families? Was there a story that surprised you or a legacy you find particularly controversial? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below. And if you enjoyed this deep dive into the world of generational wealth, don't forget to give this video a like and subscribe for more explorations into the empires that shape our world. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OlaItsme-s3f: AI Generated shit content to waste time. Whoever this creator is needs to be taken down for fake idiotic ill informed content
  2. @paulojosecarvalho4765: E o ópio  ? Esqueçeram-se  ou não convém  ??  E anomalia durante um ano...? É a parte em que nos chamam retardados...
  3. @kingstory1202: I knew old money was powerful, but this family is on another level… no wonder even presidents are cautious around them.

- my honest advice to someone who wants to get rich: Kind: captions Language: en-US - So this guy, his name is Jake, and Jake really wants to be rich, but he comes from a pretty poor background, was raised by a single mother and lacks any positive male role models. Despite this, he's still ambitious and always looking for advice on how to make it big. Recently, Jake started working at one of my favorite cafes, and while I was sitting in my usual corner, I saw him approach an older guy dressed in a suit. Let's call him Mr. Grumpy, because I've seen him around, but he never has a smile on his face. So when Jake asked him for some advice, I knew it wasn't gonna go well. Mr. Grumpy just bluntly told him that the younger generation was lazy and didn't know the first thing about hard work. Jake tried to tell him that he's working hard to pay for college and has big plans for the future, but things aren't the same nowadays. But it was no use. Old Grumpy didn't even let him finish and snapped back. He said that younger people are just full of excuses and want everything handed to them on a silver platter. Coming from a humble background and having made my first million in my 20's, I saw lots of similarities between myself and Jake, so I couldn't just sit idly by it. I got up and approached them. I looked Mr. Grumpy directly in the eyes and said something along these lines. Times have indeed changed, and so are the challenges young people face today. Yes, our generation worked hard, but that doesn't mean young people aren't working just as hard today. Jake is juggling school and a job and planning for his future. The world is honestly more complex now. The path to success isn't as straightforward as it used to be. We need to support and encourage the younger generation, not belittle them. They're the backbone of future leaders of this world. We should be guiding them with our experience, not dismantling their efforts. I wish I could tell you I changed his views on youngsters, but honestly, I reckon my words pretty much entered one ear and went right out the other. Some older people were just so stuck in their ways, but we're not all like that. Later, when Jake was grabbing a bite on his lunch break, I sat with him for a good hour sharing some real world advice to help him get ahead. This whole experience with Jake really got me thinking there must be thousands, actually, probably millions of young motivated people like Jake out there. So I thought today I'll break down the advice I gave Jake into five principles that anyone can follow to become wealthy. (upbeat music) For the first 10 years of your life, you're just a kid having mindless fun, and the next 10 years you're stuck in a classroom being taught mostly useless information like Pythagoras's Theorem and Shakespeare. It's only when you hit your 20's that you step into the big bad world and start figuring out how to earn money. So when you see 20 year-olds driving around in Lambos on social media, it can make you feel pretty bad, but don't blame yourself for not having it all figured out yet. The school system didn't prepare you for the real world. Really and truly, you're just getting started. If this sounds like you, then don't just focus on earning millions at this stage. You need to obsess over sharpening your act so it looks a bit more like this. Lots of people skip this part of the process and just try to start a business, as they've heard it's the way to become rich. However, they're doing the equivalent of trying to cut down a tree with a blunt ax. It's simply just not gonna work. So how do you sharpen your ax so that when you go for the big money, you can easily cut down a tree with a few strong swings? Well, it all comes down to mastering high income skills. These are the skills that can make you at least $10,000 per month. Some great examples nowadays are video editing, copywriting, high ticket closing, and software development. The amount you can make with skills like these will change depending on supply and demand, but mastering one or two of these skills can put you in a really great position early on in life. My son Curtis honed his videography and editing skills while still in school. Upon graduating, he quickly acquired clients and was earning $10,000 a month within a year. However, the money wasn't as important as the opportunities his skills provided. They allowed him to interact with extremely successful people and gain access to valuable information that others paid thousands for. This is the true power of a high income skill. It opens doors. So think about what doors you want to open and pick one or two high income skills that will help you get there. Don't rush this step. Sharpening your ax takes time and dedication. This is a marathon. It's not a sprint. You don't have to make a ton of money really fast and just show it off. You should aim to last and not become a one hit wonder. So extend your timeline. Stop thinking you need to become a millionaire in one or two years. If you learn the right skills, then the millions will follow. Just trust the process. Once you have a sharp ax, it's also quite nice to know that even if somebody took away all your money, you'll still be able to make far more money than the average person. Most self-made millionaires say they can make it all back faster a second time around as they already have the knowledge and the skills to do it. Your money is like this stack of cookies. The more you handle them, the more they'll just crumble away. The key is to stop messing with your money thinking, I'm gonna put it here, trade this, buy that, 'cause the harsh reality is, you're probably making the wrong decisions. How do you think Warren Buffet made 99% of its 137 billion net worth after his 50th birthday? It's because he understood that real money is made through compound interest. However, this can't happen if it's too easy to access your money as it's just too tempting. That's why you need to lock it away somewhere where it can grow in peace. But you can't just lock your money away in a bank account and expect it to grow. You need to invest it in assets. There are lots of different asset classes you can choose from, like real estate, high-end watches, and gold. However, my favorite has to be the stock market. I've personally made millions doing this. But here's the thing. Youngsters these days dream about popping bottles and zipping around in flashy sports cars. Saving money, not so much, but take it from me. Making a million dollars once is nothing special. You are only a legend if you can do it again and again. So after you've pocketed your first million, the real game begins. Can you keep it and more importantly, grow it into a fortune? The best thing you can do is get that money away from you and into investments as soon as possible. That's what I did when I was younger and I made a rule never to sell my long-term stocks. I'm now at the point where these investments make me around 17,000 a week in passive income, which means I can more than live off what my investments generate, and I never have to touch the money I work for. Once I invested my money, I never saw it as mine, and you know what? It lit a fire inside me that you wouldn't believe. I was always hustling for more because I constantly felt like I was broke. It's like a boxer who's training in some beaten down old gym. Often, that's the guy who ends up beating the boxer who's got access to the most luxurious training facility. So if you wanna start investing, then firstly, decide how much of your income you are going to invest every month. Don't make it an exact amount, but instead a percentage. As an example, if you invested $250 a month in a low cost index fund and got an average annual return of 10%, then in 40 years you'd have over $1.5 million. Of course, investments can go up and down. However, the S&P 500 index fund has actually given a 10.98% average annual return over the last decade. It doesn't really matter what you choose to invest, just make sure it's an amount you can stay consistent with. Here's a fun experiment my son's been doing. He set his trading 212 app to auto invest five pounds every single day, the price of a Starbucks coffee, and guess what? After about 10 months, he's already made 164 pounds, which is about $200, with an impressive 11.14% return. The app also gave him a 12 month value projection when he started and his bang on target to hit it in a couple of months. Since I was planning to talk about Trading 212 anyway, I reached out to them to see if they'd be interested in sponsoring this portion of the video. They agreed and are offering a fractional free share worth up to a hundred pounds to anyone that uses the code Tilbury when they create an account. Plus, you can get more free stocks by inviting your friends, both of you will get a free share as long as they fund their account. Also, don't worry if you've already opened an account within the last 10 days, you can still use the promo code Tilbury in the app and receive your free share. This is the biggest thing stopping you becoming rich. You might think you fear failure, however, in reality, you are probably more concerned about how others will judge you if you fail. You see, I've spoken to so many young people like Jake who have big dreams but are too scared to take a risk and step out of the norm as they're so paralyzed by fear. However, taking calculated risks is the only way to get ahead of everyone else. Think about it for a second. If you are just doing the same thing as the majority of people, then you're gonna get the same results, right? These risks might not always pay off, but luckily, when you are younger, you have one huge advantage, time. This is the most valuable thing you have. If you have this much time, your fear level should be at their least. Look, I know the real world isn't this logical. I remember feeling scared when I considered quitting my job as a carpenter due to the constant bullying from my manager. After much thought, I decided to take the risk. Quitting turned out to be the best decision I ever made. If I'd allowed my fear to overcome me, then I wouldn't be sitting here today. This applies to investing as well. When you're younger, you don't really want to be investing in bonds and gold. These investments are more for older folks like me that want to protect our wealth and not experience big market crashes. I don't have years to wait if my portfolio loses a lot of value. However, you probably do, which means you can afford to take more risks as you are leveraging your time. Sometimes you just have to go for it. Not taking opportunities can lead to regret, and you may find yourself wondering how your life could have been different. As you get older, the ability to take risks will get smaller and smaller. So be adventurous. Don't worry too much about what might or might not happen. Don't find yourself saying, I wish I'd done that, or I once had a great idea for a business. As long as you have time on your side, then failure really isn't a bad thing. You should just see it as testing. Most successful people you look up to have failed hundreds of times before achieving success. You can't have one without the other. Success is just the reward you get for enduring and learning from failure. So if your scales look like this, then stop worrying and overthinking things. Be brave and seize the opportunities that come your way. This is known as a Dunning-Kruger Effect Curve, and it shows how our level of knowledge affects our confidence. Most people never get off Mount Stupid. This isn't because they're lazy or unintelligent. It's because of their arrogance. They believe getting rich is down to luck, when actually it's a learnable skill. It's a never ending process of learning and applying. Even at my ancient age, I still do my best to learn about what's currently going on. I use YouTube, TikTok, and I keep up to date with financial news. This allows me to spot opportunities before other people of my generation, so remain a student for as long as you can, not in the traditional way. Just make sure to learn from those that are ahead of you. This is a long process and you have to earn your stripes. You can't just jump to the finish line. So learn and respect the process. Even now, whenever I meet someone new, I challenge myself to learn something from them that I didn't know before. This helps me stay humble because when you get to my age, you still don't know everything. If you get into the habit of constantly learning, then I'd guarantee you'll make far more money. I mean, if I didn't know about crypto back in 2019, then I wouldn't have invested a small portion of my portfolio and made crazy amounts of money. But we're taught the opposite in the Western world. We're told to go to school till we're about 18, then choose a college or university. Go there for three years and then our learning's done. So that means most people stop learning when they're in their 20's. This approach to learning is completely broken. The world is progressing faster than ever, and if you want to keep up, then you need to keep giving your brain software updates, just like computers. If you don't keep updating your brain and keeping it clear of viruses, which in this case is outdated knowledge, it will eventually break down. The phrase, if you don't use it, you'll lose it, has never been more true. If I didn't start thinking this way when I was younger, then right now I'd probably be sat on the porch dribbling into my dinner not knowing what's going on. If you want to become the first millionaire in your family, then you need to break the poverty cycle. This 2024 study by the National Bureau of Economic Research says you can improve your chances of becoming rich by befriending a specific type of person. Any guesses who that might be? Of course it's wealthy people, but maybe not for the reasons you are expecting. They found that every 10% increase in wealthy friends was associated with nearly 3% greater chance of stock market participation for that person, and a 5% increase in the chance they save money. This makes sense as when I post videos explaining how to invest in the stock market, I'm always shocked at how many comments I get saying, if it's that simple, why isn't everyone investing in the stock market? The truth is everyone should be doing it. However, they're being held back by their circle of influence. People are nervous about investing and starting side hustles, but once they start making friends that can help guide them and explain things they don't understand in plain English, it dramatically improves their chances of becoming rich. Look, I'm not saying you should ditch all your old friends, and I'm also not saying that you should become friends with someone just because they're rich. Maybe just consider joining clubs where rich people often spend time and you'll naturally become friends with these kinds of people without having to force anything. If you've made it to this part of the video, I'm sure you'll be successful in life as you are young, ambitious, and clearly wanna make it big. I love young people like you. You are the backbone of the world. Be that in America, the UK, Africa, or China, I don't care what country you live in. Without your brains, ideas and drive, the world would just fall apart. I'm gonna die along with the other older people, and then it's over to you. You are the future leaders of this world, so don't be afraid to go after what you want. And remember, there are still some older people like myself that understand and care about the younger generation, and you have my word, I will always defend you if some old fart is talking down to you guys. If you wanna learn how to invest for beginners, then you should watch this next video, but don't click on it just yet. Make sure to subscribe if you want to grow your wealth. Okay, I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marktilbury [516 likes]: Open an Invest or Stocks ISA account with Trading 212 to get free fractional shares worth up to £100. Use code TILBURY (www.trading212.com/join/TILBURY). Affiliate link. When investing, your capital is at risk. Terms apply.

📊 How to Make $10,000/month Online LIVE Virtual Event (free): https://event.thewealthportal.com

Get a FREE AI-built Shopify store in less than 2 minutes: https://www.buildyourstore.ai/mark-tilbury
  2. @MrAigars [1 likes]: Great, thank you 🙏
  3. @valoriethechemist: One caveat to this “don’t start a business” is that you’re not looking to create a job out of a business. You’re meant to use business structures to protect assets and amplify your earnings that are created by your skills and strategies.

Don’t open a restaurant, a cleaning service or a storage facility if that’s not exactly what you want to do with your life. It’s just an enormous amount of work that distracts and limits you from obtaining your life’s goals and following the path of success for your passions and skills.

What you do is you use business structures to protect yourself and grow your assets. If you don’t know how… learn AND seek the advice of a very capable accountant (and yes, it’s worth paying a professional to help you set up a financial system that grows your finances and protects your wealth). It takes time, you don’t gain everything all at once. You’re unlikely to see much growth at first… but what that’s not the number you want to move dramatically. You use a business structure to outpace the market, inflation and interest and improve the value of assets. You’re trying to dramatically impact the value of your assets and wealth 5, 10, 15, 25 years from now.  If you’re younger… this is everything… you have time… break the cycle by taking small steps that will increase the value of your protected assets.
  4. @Mattiabtt: I feel like I’m the only one who doesn’t understand anything. I listen, but my brain just doesn’t absorb it, and honestly, it even gives me a headache what is wrong with Mee😭
  5. @TheTomorrowSpirit: it is really nice to see that someone does understand the struggles of the younger generation and does not just mouth off with "you're not working hard enough"
  6. @625ms: You're officially one of my favourite old persons😊
  7. @newhappygamer9868: Thank you dada mujhe app jaise dada log pasand hai😊
  8. @JoyNaps: The rich don't want you to be rich they want to become richer from you
  9. @Tejorix_A: 🧝
  10. @WONGYIHAOMoe-i7i: I realised I wasted a decade of my life and I am JUST earning/saving/investing RM220. At least I’m still early, I’m 11
  11. @chickendipper4866: I’ve literally given up my dreams. I don’t really want to be here anymore.
  12. @LearnAITodayOfficial: insightful
  13. @greatson-1: ANYONE HERE WHO CAN HELP START MY PHOTOGRAPHY/PRODUCTION BUSINESS, I NEED SOME LITTLE FUNDING AND AM OPEN TO TALKING AND DISCUSSING MORE, AM GHILSON UGANDAN 21 YEARS.
  14. @CristoAf-z2x: Thanks
  15. @PrinceVarma-t7x: Bhaiya mai ne yaek channel me 145k subscribers gain keya in just 3 months in 90 days mai ne roj yaek video Dale the 😊
  16. @sheltonmichelmacuacua6750: Good Talking...
Working Alone? => This is DEMOCRACY (The People POWER 🔋)
  17. @XxxxGhopghop: Indians 😂
  18. @jackliu7911: inspiratinal ideas
  19. @tropicalexplorer7071: My daughter and friends are great young people
  20. @AlphaRichesse: 👑🔥🔥

- Why Wealthy People Think Differently (Psychology of the Rich): Kind: captions Language: en You work hard. You're smart. You make plans. Yet somehow, wealth feels like it's always just out of reach. Your neighbor, who seems less capable than you, just bought a new house. Your college friend who barely passed exams now runs a successful business. Meanwhile, you're reading articles, taking courses, trying to figure out what you're missing. What if I told you the problem isn't your intelligence or your effort? What if the real obstacle is hiding inside your own head, running quietly in the background like a computer program you never installed? Your brain makes thousands of financial decisions every single day. And most of them are working against you. Not because you're foolish, but because your mind operates on ancient rules that helped your ancestors survive in the wilderness, but now keep you trapped in patterns that destroy wealth. Today, we're going to examine the invisible mental barriers that separate rich people from everyone else, and more importantly, how you can recognize these barriers in yourself and finally break through them. Scientists who study wealth and psychology have discovered something surprising. The gap between rich and poor isn't really about money at all. It's about how different groups of people process information, make decisions, and respond to opportunities. When researchers compare brain activity between wealthy investors and struggling workers, they find distinct patterns in how these groups evaluate risk, delay gratification, and learn from mistakes. This isn't about being born with a special brain. It's about developing specific mental habits over time. Habits that either multiply your resources [music] or slowly drain them away. The fascinating part is that most people never realize these patterns exist. They go through life making the same financial mistakes repeatedly, wondering why nothing changes, never understanding that their own thoughts are the prison walls. Let's start with something that affects almost everyone. You probably hate losing money more than you enjoy making it. This sounds obvious, but [music] the implications are enormous. Research in behavioral economics shows that the pain of losing $100 [music] is roughly twice as intense as the pleasure of gaining $100. Your brain has a built-in negativity bias that made sense when humans lived in small tribes where one bad decision could mean death. But in the modern world, this same bias causes you to play it safe when you should be taking calculated risks. You keep money in savings accounts that barely keep up with inflation because at least you won't lose it. You sell investments the moment they show profit because you're terrified of watching gains disappear. You hold on to losing stocks for years, unable to accept the loss and move on. Every one of these choices feels rational in the moment. Your brain is protecting you from pain. But protection from short-term pain often means long-term poverty. If you are new to this channel, please subscribe to this channel. [music] This helps to spread the knowledge to others. Rich people have learned to override this instinct. They've trained themselves to think in probabilities rather than emotions. When they look at an investment, they don't ask how terrible they'll feel if it goes wrong. They calculate the likely outcomes, the potential upside, the realistic downside, and make decisions based on mathematical expectation rather than fear. This doesn't mean they never feel afraid. Fear is human. But they've developed the discipline to act despite fear when the numbers make sense. They understand something crucial that poor people miss. The biggest risk isn't losing money on a smart bet. The biggest risk is letting inflation and missed opportunities slowly erode your purchasing power while you hide from decisions. Playing it safe guarantees that you'll fall behind because the world keeps moving forward whether you participate or not. Another mental trap that destroys wealth is the desperate need to fit in with the crowd. Humans evolved in small groups where being different could get you expelled or killed. Your ancestors survived by watching what everyone else did and copying it. If the whole tribe started running, you ran [music] too. You didn't stop to analyze whether there was actually a tiger nearby. This instinct is still firing in your brain every single day. When you see everyone around you buying houses, your brain interprets their behavior as important information. If everyone's doing it, it must be safe. It must be smart. So, you buy, too. Even though prices have already climbed to dangerous levels. When you watch friends invest in cryptocurrency and brag about their gains, your brain screams that you're being left behind. You jump in, usually right before the crash, because you couldn't stand the psychological pain of being on the outside. Markets move in cycles specifically because of this herd behavior. Prices rise as more people pile in, creating the illusion that the trend will continue forever. Everyone develops a story about why this time is different, why the old rules don't apply. Then reality reasserts itself. Prices collapse. The crowd panics and sells everything. [music] You end up buying high and selling low, the perfect formula for destroying wealth. All because you couldn't resist the gravitational pull of social proof. Wealthy people have learned to recognize this pattern and resist it. When they see crowds getting excited about an investment, they get nervous. They know that mass enthusiasm usually signals a top, [music] not a beginning. When they see everyone running away from an asset class in fear, they start paying attention because that's often when real opportunities appear. This doesn't mean they're smarter. [music] It means they've developed the emotional strength to stand apart from the crowd and think independently even when being different feels uncomfortable. There's another way your brain sabotages your wealth that's even more subtle. You value today enormously more than tomorrow. $1,000 in your hand right now feels real, solid, valuable. $10,000 20 years from now feels like an abstract concept, almost imaginary. Psychologists call this present bias or temporal discounting. And it's one of the main reasons most people never build wealth. Your brain evolved to grab resources immediately [music] because our ancestors lived in an uncertain world where tomorrow might never come. If you found food, you ate it now. If you didn't, [music] someone else would or it would spoil. But in the modern economy, this instinct becomes toxic. Every time you're tempted to buy something you don't really need, your present focused brain lights up with anticipation. You can imagine the pleasure of owning it, using [music] it, showing it off. That pleasure feels real and immediate. Meanwhile, the abstract idea of having more money in the future barely registers emotionally. So, you spend and you keep spending and you wonder why you never get ahead. Your brain also has a powerful tendency to seek out information that confirms what you already believe and ignore everything that contradicts it. You probably think you're objective and open-minded. Almost everyone does. But research consistently shows that humans are remarkably good at filtering reality to support their existing views. If you believe you're a good investor, you'll remember your winning picks [music] and conveniently forget the losers. If you think real estate always goes up, you'll notice every article about rising prices and scroll past warnings about bubbles. Your brain isn't trying to deceive you. It's trying to protect your self-image and reduce the cognitive discomfort that comes from admitting you were wrong. But this protective mechanism keeps you trapped in failing strategies. You can't improve if you can't see your mistakes clearly. You can't learn if you only pay attention to information that makes you feel smart. Psychologist Daniel Conaman spent decades studying how people make decisions under uncertainty. He found that humans are consistently overconfident in their own judgments and abilities. Most people think they're above average drivers, above average investors, above average judges of character. Mathematically, [music] this is impossible. But our brains don't care about mathematics when self-image is at stake. This overconfidence is expensive. You read a few articles about stockpicking and convince yourself you have a talent for it. You make a few lucky picks that happen to work out. Your brain interprets luck as skill. Now you're confident. You invest more money, take bigger risks, expand into areas you don't understand. Eventually, reality catches up. Your luck runs out. [music] The losses come. But even then, your brain protects you from the truth by blaming external factors rather than admitting your analysis was flawed. Wealthy people combat this by keeping detailed records of their decisions and outcomes. Not mental records that can be revised and distorted over time, but written documentation that can't be changed. They write down what they believed, why they believed it, what they expected to happen, and then months or years later, they review what actually happened. This process is painful because it forces you to confront your errors directly. Your brain hates it, but it's also how you actually improve rather than just repeating the same mistakes with different details. They also actively search for people who disagree with them. Most people surround themselves with others who think similarly [music] because it feels good to have your views validated. Rich people deliberately seek out smart people who think they're wrong because they know their own brain is hiding important information from them. They need outside perspectives to see their blind spots. There's another mental trap that costs people enormous amounts of money. You get anchored to irrelevant numbers and can't let go. You bought a stock at $50 per share. It drops to $30. [music] You refuse to sell because in your mind you haven't really lost money until you sell. You're waiting for it to get back to 50, back to where you bought it. As if the market cares what price you paid. The market doesn't know you exist. The only question that matters is whether this stock is a good investment at $30 right now. Would you buy it today at this price if you didn't already own it? If the answer is no, you should sell. But most people can't think this clearly because they're anchored to that $50 price in their head. That number has become their reference point for reality, even though it's completely irrelevant to the stock's actual value. This happens everywhere in your financial life. [music] You see a car priced at $40,000. Then the dealer shows you one at 35,000. Your brain thinks you're getting a deal because it's $5,000 less than the anchor, but maybe that car is only worth 30,000. [music] You're overpaying, but you feel like you're winning because you beat the anchor. Salespeople understand this psychological principle and use it against you constantly. They set high anchors to make everything else seem reasonable by comparison. The defense is to completely ignore the first number you hear and do your own independent analysis. What is this actually worth? Not what are they asking, not what someone else paid, not what it cost last year. What is it worth today based on its actual characteristics and the current market? Another psychological pattern that keeps people poor is envy. Not greed, which at least motivates you to want more for yourself, but envy, [music] which makes you obsessed with what other people have. Your neighbor buys a new car. Suddenly, your car, which was perfectly fine yesterday, feels old and embarrassing. You feel a pressure to keep up, so you buy a new car you can't afford. Your coworker gets a promotion and starts talking about their higher salary. You feel inadequate, so you spend more on clothes and restaurants to feel successful. Your friend posts vacation photos from an expensive resort. You feel like you're missing out on life, so you book a trip you can't afford and put it on a credit card. None of these purchases made you happier. You didn't even want them until you saw someone else had them. But envy converted you into a spending machine, and it's draining your ability to build wealth. The insidious thing about envy is that it never ends. There's always someone with more. [music] You buy a nice car, but someone has a nicer one. You get promoted, but someone got a bigger promotion. You take a vacation, but someone went somewhere more exotic. You're running on a treadmill that speeds up every time you think you're catching up. [music] Meanwhile, all the money you're spending to keep pace with others is money that's not invested, not compounding, not working to build your actual future security. You're sacrificing real wealth for the appearance of wealth. And the appearance doesn't even make you feel better because comparison is endless. Research in psychology consistently shows that people who focus on relative status, on how they compare to others, are less happy than people who focus on their own absolute well-being and progress. The act of comparing yourself to others activates stress and dissatisfaction, regardless of how much you actually have. Wealthy people have learned to ignore social comparison. They define success on their own terms and live according to those definitions. They genuinely don't care what their neighbors think about their car or their [music] house or their clothes. This sounds easy, but it's extraordinarily difficult in practice. The social pressure to keep up is constant and intense. It takes real strength to drive a modest car when you could afford better. To live in a normal house when others expect you to upgrade, to wear regular clothes when people judge success by appearance. [music] But this freedom from comparison is what allows rich people to keep their money instead of spending it to impress strangers who don't actually care about them. Warren Buffett lived in the same modest house for decades. Not because he couldn't afford a mansion, [music] but because he didn't need external validation. He defined enough for himself and stopped caring about more once he reached it. Your brain also loves stories and patterns even when they don't exist. After any market movement, financial news creates a narrative to explain it. Stocks rose today on strong earnings reports. Stocks fell today despite strong earnings reports. The same data gets spun into opposite stories depending on what the market did. It all sounds logical and convincing, but most of it is just storytelling grafted onto random noise. The problem is your brain learns from these stories. It creates rules and patterns. When earnings are strong, stocks go up. Except sometimes strong earnings lead to sell-offs because they weren't strong enough relative to expectations. Your brain oversimplifies reality, creates false patterns, and then you make decisions based on those false patterns and lose money. This is why people who watch financial news constantly often perform worse than people who ignore it completely. They're filling their heads with convincing narratives that have no predictive power. Rich people learn to ignore stories and focus on fundamentals. They don't care what narrative the market is telling today. [music] They don't care what explanation journalists create for short-term price movements. They understand that most of what happens day-to-day is noise, random fluctuation that means nothing. What matters is the actual underlying value of businesses over years and decades, not the stories people tell about daily changes. They develop the discipline to tune out the constant chatter and focus on the small number of things that actually matter. This is harder than it sounds because your brain craves stories. Stories make sense of chaos. Stories provide comfort by suggesting the world is predictable and controllable. But in markets, most stories are illusions that cost you money if you believe them. Philosopher Aristotle observed over 2,000 years ago that people who have too much wealth often become unwilling and unable to submit to authority or accept limits. They grow up surrounded by luxury and compliance, never learning discipline or delayed gratification. This creates a particular psychology among the wealthy that's worth understanding. Some people who achieve wealth develop a sense that normal rules don't apply to them. They begin to see other human beings as tools to be used rather than people with their own dignity and worth. They surround themselves with employees, assistants, and advisers who agree with everything they say, creating an echo chamber that reinforces their belief in their own brilliance. This can lead to spectacular failures when reality eventually intrudes on their carefully constructed bubble. Not all wealthy people fall into this trap, but enough do that it represents a real psychological danger of wealth. The same mental habits that help you build money, confidence, decisiveness, willingness to go against the crowd can become toxic when taken too far. Confidence becomes arrogance. Decisiveness becomes impulsiveness. Independence becomes isolation. The key is maintaining what psychologists call intellectual humility. A clear understanding of what you know and what you don't know. The smartest investors are often the ones most willing to say, "I don't understand this well enough to have an opinion." They pass on opportunities that might have made them even richer because they know the limits of their competence. They understand that confidence outside your area of expertise is just arrogance wearing a disguise and arrogance is expensive. So, how do you actually change these patterns? Knowing about psychological biases doesn't automatically fix them. These tendencies are emotional, not intellectual. They happen fast, automatically, below conscious awareness. Your rational mind is slow and takes effort to engage. Most of the time, you're running on autopilot. And autopilot is programmed with all these wealth destroying biases. You need systems that force your rational brain to check your emotional brain before making important decisions. Start with this simple rule. Never make a financial decision in the moment. Never wait at least 24 hours. Sleep on it. Your emotional mind might be caught up in excitement or fear or a compelling story or social pressure. But after sleeping on it, your rational mind gets a chance to engage, to analyze, to check for biases, to think it through properly. Another practical tool is keeping a decision journal. Before making any significant financial choice, write down why you're doing it. [music] What do you believe? What are you assuming? What would have to be true for this to work? What could go wrong? Then months or years later, review what you wrote. Were you right? Were you wrong? Where was your thinking accurate and where was it flawed? This is how you get better over time. This is how you identify your personal biases and learn to correct for them. Most people never do this. They make decisions, forget what they were thinking at the time, and never learn from their mistakes. They repeat the same errors for 40 years with different details and wonder why their financial situation never improves. Create a checklist of questions to ask yourself before any major decision. Am I being influenced by what everyone else is doing? Am I anchored to some irrelevant number? Is this based on actual value or just a compelling story? Am I holding on because of sunk costs? Am I overconfident about something I don't fully understand? Am I doing this because of envy or comparison? These questions force your rational brain to engage. They interrupt your autopilot. You don't have to be perfect. You just have to catch yourself often enough that you stop making the biggest mistakes. Even catching yourself half the time [music] will dramatically improve your financial outcomes over a lifetime. Actively seek out people who disagree with you. Your brain naturally seeks confirmation. So, you have to artificially create contradiction. Before making a big decision, find someone smart who thinks you're wrong. Listen to them. Really [music] listen. Don't just wait for your turn to argue. Try to understand why they see it differently. What do they know that you don't? What are they seeing that you're missing? This is uncomfortable. Your brain hates it. But it's essential because your brain is showing you only what confirms your beliefs. You need someone else to show you the other side. The best investors surround themselves with people who challenge them constantly, [music] who point out flaws in their thinking, who aren't afraid to say when the emperor has no clothes. Start small with changing your psychology. Don't try to fix everything at once. Pick one bias, maybe loss aversion. For the next month, just notice every time you make a decision based on fear of loss rather than probability of gain. Just notice it. Don't even try to change it yet. Just become aware of when it's happening. Once you can see it operating in real time, then you can start to override it. But you have to see it first. Most people never see their own biases in action. They experience the emotions and make the decisions without ever connecting the dots. Awareness is the first step toward change. The fundamental insight is this. Getting rich is not about secrets or shortcuts. It's about thinking correctly. And thinking correctly is not natural. Your brain is wired in ways that made sense for survival in ancient environments but keep you poor in the modern world. Every single day, your psychology is working against your financial interests, making you follow crowds, fear losses, spend today, [music] believe stories, hold grudges against sunk costs, and compare yourself to others. These aren't character flaws. They're human nature. Everyone has these tendencies. The difference is that some people become aware of them and build systems to override them. [music] Those people accumulate wealth. Everyone else works hard and wonders why they stay broke. You now understand how your own mind has been sabotaging you. [music] You know the specific traps. You know why you make the financial mistakes you make. More importantly, [music] you know how to build systems to protect yourself from your own psychology. That puts you ahead of almost everyone because most people go through their entire lives being controlled by these biases without ever understanding what's happening. You have a choice now. You can ignore this information and keep operating on autopilot. Keep making the same emotional decisions that feel right but keep you poor. Or [music] you can do the hard work of building systems, overriding your instincts, and thinking like wealthy people think. Not because you're smarter than everyone else, but because you understand psychology and they don't. The difference between building wealth and staying broke comes down to this choice. Choose wisely. If you enjoyed the video, please like it and share your thoughts in the comment. [music] If you are new to this channel, please subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @towardsInfinity-us: Subscribe our channel: https://www.youtube.com/@ThePsychool-us
Discipline is Easy When You Understand One Psychological Principle: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rtk5yxuCsOg
Your Life Will Get Better When You Stop Being Too Nice: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ijih0njyFFw
  2. @ArmanHossain-n5j2q: It’s wild how humans are more sensitive to losing $100 than gaining $200. Kahneman was so ahead of his time.

- This Is How the Wealthy Destroy Fear | Napoleon Hill: Kind: captions Language: en What would your life look like if fear no longer had a voice? Not silence for a moment, not managed, tamed or negotiated with, but erased, gone, dead. Imagine waking up every day without hesitation, without second-guessing yourself, without that internal voice telling you you're not ready, not worthy, not enough. What decisions would you make then? What doors would you finally kick open? What dreams would you chase with reckless, unstoppable fire? Because the truth is, fear isn't the enemy. Surrender is. Fear is natural. It's primal. It whispers and it warns. But it only wins when you obey it. And every time you believe it, every time you shrink instead of step forward, you trade power for comfort. You give up growth for safety. You stall. You suffocate. You stand still. Not because you're weak, but because fear has convinced you that stillness is survival. But not today. Today we expose fear for what it is, a liar, a story, a shadow, pretending to be real. And today we bury it, not with feel-good fluff or shallow hype, but with truth, with discipline, with practice, with a purpose that's bigger than your excuses. In the next few minutes, you're going to learn how to stop running from fear and start hunting it. You'll learn how to stand tall even when your hands shake. How to act before fear fades. And how to build a mind so sharp and disciplined that fear has no room left to live. So take a deep breath, step forward, and don't look back. Because this this is the day you kill the fear. Let's get something straight. Fear is not your enemy. Fear is instinct. It's ancient. It's built into your biology to protect you. And in many ways, it's kept you alive. But what fear was never meant to do is lead you. It was never meant to be your guide, your counselor, your decision maker. Yet, that's exactly what most people let it become. They let fear steer the wheel. And then they wonder why their life feels like it's going in circles. You feel fear when you're about to do something unfamiliar, something risky, something that threatens your comfort or control. That's not weakness. That's your brain doing what it's been wired to do. But here's the truth. Most never hear. Fear itself isn't what stops you. Inaction is the real enemy isn't the fear you feel. It's the pause you take because of it. It's the opportunity you don't chase. The silence you choose instead of speaking up. The dream you shell for some other time. Most people are waiting for fear to disappear before they take action. They're waiting to feel brave, to feel certain. But that moment never comes. Because courage isn't the absence of fear. It's action taken in spite of it. And if you're waiting to feel ready, you'll be waiting your whole life. The ones who move mountains, change industries, make history, they feel fear, too. But they walk forward anyway. That's the shift. That's the edge. You don't need to be fearless. You just need to stop obeying fear like it's a command. You need to stop giving it authority it never earned. Fear can sit in the passenger seat, sure, but it doesn't touch the wheel. Not anymore. And here's where it gets powerful. The more you move through fear, the smaller it becomes. Every time you act when you're afraid, you teach your brain that fear doesn't mean stop. It means this matters. It means step up. It means you're getting close to something important. Repetition rewires reality. And the more you face fear headon, the less control it has over you. You become something fear can't live inside because you've trained your mind to act before fear can settle in. So the next time fear rises in your chest, remember this. You don't need less fear. You need more movement. Don't analyze. Don't overthink. Don't negotiate. Just move. Because fear hates momentum. And the moment you act, the fear begins to die. Fear is a master storyteller. It crafts lies so believable, so emotionally convincing that they feel like truth. But here's the brutal fact. Fear is a liar. And the most dangerous lies it tells are about you. It whispers that you're not ready, that you're not smart enough, talented enough, worthy enough, that if you try, you'll fail. That if you speak, they'll laugh. That if you chase that dream, you'll crash and burn. And because fear wears the voice of your own mind, you believe it. You accept it as reality, never realizing that it's just a story you've repeated so many times it became familiar. Not true. Just familiar. Fear thrives in imagination. It takes a moment of uncertainty and builds a movie around it. You don't just worry about a difficult conversation, you see it go horribly wrong. You don't just hesitate to try something new. You see yourself failing publicly and permanently. You don't just fear rejection. You imagine humiliation, abandonment, and proof that you never had what it takes in the first place. And that's how fear wins. Not with truth, but with repetition. The more you rehearse the worst case scenario in your mind, the more your nervous system believes it's real. And when your brain believes the threat is real, it floods your body with signals to retreat. Heart racing, breath shallow, muscles tense. Suddenly, you're not living in the present. You're imprisoned in a future that hasn't even happened. And in that state, even the smallest step forward feels impossible. But here's the breakthrough. If fear is built by repetition, so is confidence. If fear is a story, you can tell a better one. One where you speak and you're heard. One where you leap and you land. One where you fail and rise anyway. Because the truth is, the mind can't tell the difference between imagination and memory. If you can visualize defeat, you can visualize victory. If you can rehearse disaster, you can also rehearse domination. This is the battlefield. Not out there, but in here. And the moment you stop accepting fear script and start rewriting it, you take back control. You don't have to feel brave to act brave. You don't have to feel certain to move forward. You just have to stop giving fear the mic because the voice in your head is powerful, but it doesn't always tell the truth. And the biggest lie it tells is that fear is your limit. It's not. It's your signal. It's the flag that says you're standing at the edge of your growth. And what happens next? That's up to you. Fear grows in the dark in silence in avoidance. The more you run from it, the bigger it gets. The more you try to outthink it, the louder it becomes. Because fear doesn't shrink with time, it shrinks with exposure. And this is where most people get it wrong. They wait for courage to arrive before they take the leap. They wait for the fear to fade before they take the first step. But courage doesn't come before action. It comes because of action. Imagine standing at the edge of a freezing pool. You can dip your toe in, walk away, come back tomorrow, overthink it again, and still feel cold just looking at it. Or you can jump in. Shock your system. Let your body adapt and in a few seconds you're no longer afraid. Why? Because you've experienced what your mind exaggerated. That's exposure. It's not about being fearless. It's about being willing. Willing to feel the fear and still step forward. Willing to look uncertainty in the eye and say, "You're not the end. You're the beginning." This is how you kill fear. Not with avoidance, but with exposure. You lean into what terrifies you. You practice the uncomfortable. You make it familiar. And the more familiar it becomes, the less power it holds over you. Speak even when your voice trembles. Show up even when your hands shake. Launch the idea even if it's imperfect. Ask the question even if you fear the answer. That's the work. That's the training ground. Because repetition rewires reality. The first time is terrifying. The second time is uncomfortable. The 10th time is routine. And the hundth time it's freedom. The people you admire, the speakers, the leaders, the creators, the fighters, they didn't start brave. They started scared. The only difference is they refused to stay that way. They built tolerance to discomfort. They didn't run from the storm. They stepped into it again and again until the thunder couldn't shake them anymore. The truth is the fear never fully leaves. But you stop flinching when it speaks. You stop shrinking when it rises. Because you faced it enough times to know it's just a sound. It's just a signal. And it doesn't have the final word. You do. The only way out is through. Through the trembling, through the failure, through the doubt. You walk straight into the storm. Not because you're unafraid, but because you know the other side of fear holds the life you haven't lived yet. And that's a price worth paying. If you want to kill fear, you must go to its source, your mind. Because fear doesn't start in the world. It starts in your thoughts. In the silent, invisible stories you repeat to yourself. Stories of inadequacy, of danger, of what might go wrong. Stories that play on a loop, shaping your reality without you even realizing it. And here's the truth. If you don't train your thoughts, they will train you. Left unchecked, the mind becomes a battlefield where fear always wins. But you're not here to be ruled by fear. You're here to reclaim your mind, to take back the pen and write a new script. And it begins with this simple but powerful realization. You are not your thoughts. You are the observer of your thoughts. You are the architect, the programmer, the one who chooses what gets to stay. So when fear whispers you're not ready, you don't just accept it. You question it. You respond says who? When it says you'll fail, you reply maybe, but I'll learn. You flip the script. You disrupt the pattern because every thought is a seed. And what you water grows. If you water fear, you'll harvest hesitation. But if you water courage, if you flood your mind with powerful, intentional, disciplined thoughts, then boldness becomes your default. This isn't about blind positivity. It's about intentional mental conditioning. The same way athletes train their bodies, warriors train their reflexes, and musicians train their fingers. You must train your mind with affirmations that declare your worth with visualization that locks your eyes on the outcome. with repetition that makes greatness feel familiar. Tell yourself what you want to believe and until it becomes who you are. Speak it, feel it, act on it every day. I am calm under pressure. I face fear and move anyway. I don't shrink, I expand. These aren't just words, they're commands. And your subconscious is always listening. And don't just think these thoughts, live them. Let your actions reflect your new identity. Your mind learns by watching you. So when you do something bold, when you move despite the nerves, when you speak up despite the shaking hands, your brain registers, we do hard things. Now that's how identity changes. That's how fear loses control. You're not weak for having fear, but you stay weak if you let it lead. Discipline your inner world, and the outer world will bend to meet it. Guard your thoughts like a vault. Interrupt the lies. Install the truth. And remember that you always have a choice. Fear may visit, but it doesn't get to stay unless you open the door. Train your mind or be trained by fear. The choice is always yours. What if fear wasn't a stop sign, but a signal? What if the very thing you're avoiding is the thing you're meant to do? You see, most people think fear means don't. Don't go there. Don't try that. Don't speak up. Don't risk it. But in reality, fear is often a compass. It points toward the edge of your comfort zone. And that's exactly where growth begins. That fire you feel in your chest, that trembling in your hands, that's not weakness. That's life reminding you that you're standing on the edge of something important. That's your spirit recognizing a moment of truth. Because the things that scare you the most are usually the things that will grow you the most. Public speaking, launching the business, ending the toxic relationship, stepping into your purpose. These aren't dangers. They're doorways. And the key to unlocking them is action, not perfection, not certainty, just movement. One step forward, straight into the thing that terrifies you. Courage is not the absence of fear. It is the decision to move in its presence. So when fear shows up, don't shrink. Lean in. Lean toward the fire. Let it sharpen you. Let it burn away your excuses. Let it become fuel. That resistance you feel. It means you're getting close to something real, close to your calling, close to your next level. And let me tell you something most people won't. The fear never fully disappears. Not for the brave, not for the successful, not for the legends. The fear is still there, but they've made peace with it. They've learned to walk with it, to keep going, even while shaking. That's what makes them fearless. Not that they feel nothing, but that they refuse to be owned by it. So the next time fear shows up, say, "Thank you. I see you, but I'm not stopping." And then take that step. Make the call. Hit publish. Say yes. Say no. Say the thing that scares you. The moment you lean toward the fire, men, the fear begins to fade, and what's left is freedom. Here's the truth nobody wants to hear. You will not become fearless by waiting to feel brave. You don't kill fear with feelings. You kill fear with discipline. Motivation comes and goes. It's a spark, quick, loud, exciting, but short-lived. Discipline, on the other hand, is the steady flame. It's the engine behind every fearless life. Because when you train yourself to act, not when you feel like it, but when it needs to be done, you become dangerous. You become untouchable. Courage isn't a lightning bolt. It's a decision. A daily decision to show up, to do the hard things, to lean into the discomfort again and again, even when your mind screams for safety. Especially then. This is what the greats understand. They don't wait for confidence. They act and confidence catches up. They don't wait for the fear to vanish. They do the thing anyway. And fear learns it has no place there. Discipline silences fear because it removes the negotiation. There's no debate, no should I or shouldn't I. It's already been decided. The alarm rings, you rise. The task is hard. You do it anyway. The voice of doubt whispers. You walk forward in spite of it. That's discipline. And that's how the fearless are made. You see, the more you act in the presence of fear, the more you rewire your mind. You condition it to understand fear is not danger. It's data. And data doesn't control you. It informs you. So ask yourself, are you living by feeling or are you living by principle? If fear is still calling the shots, then it's time to shift. Build rituals that strengthen your mind. Surround yourself with reminders of your vision. Keep your commitments to yourself. One small act of courage every single day, and you'll wake up one day wondering why you ever let fear run the show. Discipline makes you consistent, and consistency makes you inevitable. Picture this. You're lying on your deathbed moments from the end. Around you are not just memories and but the ghosts of every dream you didn't pursue, every risk you never took, every version of you that could have existed. And they look at you with one question. Why did you let fear decide for you? You see, fear doesn't just steal your moments. It steals your legacy. It convinces you to shrink, to play safe, to sit down when you were built, to stand tall. But what if you knew the cost? What if you could see the future that fear is quietly robbing you of? Because that's the thing. Most people don't realize they're choosing fear. They think they're choosing comfort, safety, familiarity. But what they're really doing is burying their greatness under excuses. They're trading impact for ease, legacy for security. Let me be clear. No one remembers the man who stayed silent. No one builds statues for the woman who avoided failure. The world is moved by those who were scared and moved anyway. By those who stood up, spoke out, and stepped forward in spite of the trembling in their voice or the knot in their stomach. Fear will always offer you comfort. But legacy, legacy demands discomfort. It demands pain, sacrifice, risk. It demands that you decide what matters more, the opinions of others or the opinion you'll have of yourself when your time is up. So ask yourself right now, what will your life say when you're gone? Will it whisper of mischances and silent regrets? Or will it roar with the sound of someone who chose purpose over paralysis, action over avoidance, courage over comfort? You don't need to know every step. You just need to refuse to let fear have the final word because your legacy is being written either way. And only one version ends with you free. If fear is a liar, then your routine is the truth teller. Because it's not just mindset that slays fear, it's movement. It's not about one big heroic act. It's about the habits that turn courage into your natural state. The fearless aren't born brave. They're forged by discipline. And every day they perform small rituals that suffocate fear before it has a chance to speak. Start here. Each morning do something uncomfortable. Not huge, not reckless, just something that makes your heart beat a little faster. Cold shower, honest conversation, a hard phone call. Why? Because the nervous system must be trained. And when you teach your body to survive discomfort, fear begins to lose its grip. Second, move. Physically move. Whether it's lifting, running, walking, motion kills stagnation. And stagnation is fear's playground. When you move your body, your brain follows. Confidence builds. Clarity returns. Energy rises. And fear has no room in a body that's in motion. Third, speak power into your mind. Affirmation isn't corny, it's war. The thoughts you rehearse become the beliefs you carry. Every morning, stand tall and say, "I am not afraid. I am not here to shrink. I am here to lead." Say it until you believe it. Then act in a way that makes it true. Fourth, win the first battle. Make your bed. Show up on time. Finish the task you don't want to. Because when you start your day with a win, fear loses a piece of its power. And when you stack those winds, you build momentum. And momentum is what makes the impossible feel inevitable. Lastly, reflect each night. Ask yourself, where did fear whisper today? And where did I push back? This is how you refine. This is how you get sharper. You become unshakable. Not by avoiding fear, but by facing it again and again and until it breaks before you do. The fearless life is not an accident. It is crafted with intention, with repetition, with ruthless self-respect. If you want to kill fear, don't wait to feel brave. Train it, build it, practice it, one bold action at a time. Today, we don't just talk about fear. We lay it to rest. Because the truth is, fear dies when you stop feeding it. When you stop bowing to it, when you realize it has no real authority, only the power you've given it. And from this moment on, you take that power back. No more waiting. No more hesitation. No more shrinking to fit the comfort of others or the lies of your past. You were not born to live small. You were not designed to tiptoe through life avoiding danger. You were built to walk through fire and come out forged. So this is the moment. Not tomorrow. Not when you feel ready. Now you bury the fear. You silence the doubt. You take the first step. and then another and then another until you no longer remember what it felt like to be ruled by hesitation. And when fear shows its face again, as it always will, you will smile because now you know its game. You've studied it, outlasted it. You've trained your mind and body to walk forward anyway. Fear doesn't get a vote in your future anymore. Only your vision does. Only your mission does. So stand up, straighten your spine, and look fear in the face one last time. Say thank you for the lessons, for the growth, for the clarity, and then say goodbye because you're done letting fear decide who you get to be. This is your time now. You are fearless because you chose to be. But this is only the beginning. In the next chapter, we will go deeper into how to build unshakable confidence, not in theory, but in daily action. You've slain the fear. Now it's time to build the warrior. So subscribe now because fear may be behind you, but your future, it's just getting started. Your other self, the one who never hesitates, never retreats, is waiting.

- Why Billionaires Fear This Economist: Kind: captions Language: en Taxes, taxes, taxes that's what we're going to talk about. Tax the billionaires. Let's do it. The super rich, the billionaires, should have to pay a minimum amount of tax. Zero is too little. Just stop talking about philanthropy and start talking about taxes. 2% minimum for the super rich those who have more than 100 million. That's it. Taxes, taxes, taxes, all the rest is bullshit. In my opinion, it's an idea whose time has come. I think the problem is that billionaires don't pay their taxes, right? In a nutshell? Indeed. So how much do they pay in taxes? Very little. They pay about half as much in tax relative to their income than all other social groups. And why is that so? That's because they mostly don't pay income tax. Income tax is supposed to be the tax that the rich pay. But they found ways to avoid it and the consequence of that is really striking. Yeah you have this amazing graph from your work, from your studies, and it looks really incredible. Like you have this line that goes up a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, and then boom, it just collapses. And that's basically the billionaires paying nothing righ, pretty much nothing. That's what we discovered the last few years. We did research in different countries and everywhere the same pattern, the same graph. And so I'm trained as a historian and it's also fascinating to look at the history. Quite disturbing as well, because it used to be very different that in the 50s and 60s the rich paid way more in taxes. To some extent yes especially in a country like the US. People are like we are low tax country, not like those Europeans. And they forgot that they had those 90% top marginal income tax rates 90%? more than 92% for the highest incomes. But then my friends on the right say look, yeah but they never paid that, right? They had like, lots of accountants and lawyers to make sure they never paid that. Is that true? They never paid it but that was the point. The point was to make it worthless for people to try to earn super high incomes. No the idea was there should be some kind of legal maximum income. If you have more than 2 million dollars roughly, then everything you earn above that would essentially be confiscated by the tax authority. And this was the country of Eisenhower right, the Republican president. And you had estate taxes that were as high as what was it, 80%? Yeah. 77%. So marginal tax rates that were higher than 90%. Corporate tax, 50%. But surely the economy collapsed, right? Surely economic growth was very low? As we know of course it's kind of the opposite that happened, right. Because this period after World War Two was also when growth was relatively high, investment rates were higher than today, there was a lot of innovation. The one thing that was different is that there was much less income and wealth inequality. So you've done a lot of research into this, right? You're one of the most prominent economists studying this. Like, has there ever been any period in history when it was this bad? As today? Yeah. There was this period at the end of the 19th century, early 20th century, where you had those huge fortunes and they had their big monopolies in railroads and finance. And so you can look at how much wealth those individuals owned. The Rockefellers and stuff. And they owned in wealth the very, very, very top of the distribution, the top 0,00001% wealthiest Americans owned in wealth the equivalent of 4% of US GDP. Meaning with their wealth, they could buy 4% of everything that's produced in a given year in the US. Now, if you do the same computation today for the US, it's about 12%, three times as bad as at the peak of the original Gilded Age. So I'm really interested in the question of how we ended up here. Right? Because this is a system that was deliberately created by very rich and very powerful people. You've written a lot about the rise of the tax avoidance and the tax evasion industry that started in when was it the 80s? Yeah. Basically, yes. I mean, you have to understand that tax avoidance, tax evasion, these are not some kind of laws of nature. Right? These are policy choices. We tolerate these things or we can fight them. Someone like Roosevelt spent a lot of time going on the radio, trying to shame tax dodgers, explaining how important it is for people to pay taxes. Yeah these incredible speeches right where he would really dunk on them and say you're a selfish, unpatriotic idiot if you don't pay your taxes. That's basically what he said. And in a more positive, you know more positive way how taxes are the price to pay for a civilized society. All of that changed along with the bigger ideological change in the US, basically in 1970s, 1980s, where it became not only accepted, but even encouraged by policymakers for rich people to find ways to avoid taxation. The idea is okay if they get richer, no matter how it's going to trickle down to the rest of society. So it's good, greed is good. That was really the upsurge of the tax avoidance industry. Now, what I think is interesting is that in another life, you know, you could have been at a hedge fund or something like that. Like with your skill set, you're really good with numbers, with spreadsheets. You and your colleagues, you know, JP Morgan maybe? But instead you decided to do something way more interesting because it's not just a super complicated technical challenge, right? It's very intellectually demanding. At the same time, you're actually working for the people, you know, making the world a better place. You can combine those things, actually. Yes. Look, like, like many social scientists, I was influenced by the circumstances when I had to make my professional choices. And for me, I was 21, at the time of the financial crisis of 2008, 2009. You know, this huge crash. And that really convinced me how important it is to actually go deep in one topic. If you really want to understand what’s happening At the time, nobody had any clue. And that's also when I started looking into data on international investment statistics. And you see hundred of billions of dollars flowing in and out of places like Bermuda, like the Cayman Islands. And I thought, wow, that's really interesting. You know, nobody in economics is talking about that. I wanted to understand the story behind that, a bit like a detective. And that's what we do at the International Tax Observatory. It's it's research, it's economics, but it's detective work at the end of the day, which is okay, the world has all sorts of problems. And we've gone very deep into one topic, and we understand the problem very deeply and now let's try to fix it. And so there is really nothing new about this, right. It's only about making the system work as it is supposed to work. Because I thought that was really interesting, is that if you look at polling, the vast majority of people basically already agree with us, right? It's like country after country after country, more than 80% of people say they want higher taxes on the rich. Like in France. They named a whole tax after you, right? The Zucman Tax. What is it more than 80% of French people think yeah, that's what we want. 86%? Yeah, 86%. Overwhelming support across all critical parties in the population. But of course, tremendous opposition by the billionaires. So what are we talking about? What is this tax? It's very simple. It's about a basic principle that extreme wealth has to come with incompressible duties towards society. You have to pay a minimum amount of tax no matter what. And for the minimum tax to be effective, it has to be expressed not as a fraction of income, because income is very easy to manipulate when you're very rich. Yeah that’s fascinating right because rich people very often have super low incomes. One example, Jeff Bezos, you know, you had revelations a few years ago in the US from the US media ProPublica, about the taxes paid by US billionaires. And you saw in some years people like Jeff Bezos, like Elon Musk, reporting very little income or sometimes zero or negative income, and so paying no income tax in one year, Bezos said, look, I'm so poor that I'm going to claim family benefits. No kidding. And he received he received family benefits He got, Jeff Bezos, got family benefits because he's so poor? Because he said, look, I have such a tiny income, you know. And there's nothing illegal in there. That's the way the system works. But the system doesn't work to tax the superrich The income tax is just not the right tool. That's why you need a minimum that's expressed but as a fraction of wealth. Hence the proposal I've been working on for a couple of years for 2% of wealth, minimum tax on the superrich. So it means is that if you're rich and you already pay a decent amount of tax, good you're not affected. But if you've found ways to dodge taxes and you pay very little today, then you would have to pay extra to reach this threshold of 2%. A lot of the rich people I meet say, look, but I am doing a lot in philanthropy. I give to Musea, I give to universities I give to wonderful charities. they're doing fantastic work all over the globe. Like, let me just allocate the money. Then I looked into some of the numbers. You remember the Giving Pledge, right, of Bill Gates and Warren Buffet saying like, let's give at least 50% of our wealth before we die. Well they recently looked at that giving pledge again 15 years later. In those 15 years, the people who signed on to it actually became 280% richer. And only one couple actually fulfilled the pledge. Eight people died without fulfilling the pledge. If they would actually do it, perhaps it would be nice, but they don't really seem to be doing it. Yeah they’re not doing it. Their wealth keeps skyrocketing. But more fundamentally, even if they did it. I really don't think that philanthropy is a substitute for paying taxes. This type of argument is what the British aristocrats of the 19th century said. They said, oh, you know, we're not paying any tax. But we are doing all sorts of philanthropy. That's not, that's not democracy. That's not how we've built our social states. the way we do things, which I think is a big progress relative to the 19th century, is that we pull resources together and we decide whether the money should go to education or to health or to infrastructure. That's democracy. The rich guys deciding for themselves where their money should go. That's something else. And what I hear a lot from my friends on the other side of the political spectrum is they say Rutger this all sounds very nice, but you can't do this. If you tax the wealthy, they'll just go. I mean, the working class, they can't buy a ticket to Dubai, right? They can't afford that. But the rich, they'll just go to Dubai. What's your answer to that? Well, they’ll go to Dubai, if they have tax incentives to go to Dubai, if you let them go, if you say, well, as soon as you've left, then you don't have tax to pay anymore. But that's that's a choice, right. So for instance in the US they have this system of Citizenship based taxation. Meaning if you are US citizen you have to pay taxes in the US no matter where you live. What other countries do is the opposite extreme in some sense. You've spent all your life, let’s say in the Netherlands or in France, you've become a billionaire. And now if you move to Dubai, your country immediately stops taxing you And what's important to understand is that we could make other choices. So, for instance, the Netherlands could say we're going to keep taxing wealthy people who have lived for a long time in the Netherlands, and now they choose to move to a tax haven. Fine, that's their right. But we will keep taxing them for 5 or 10 or 15 years. Perhaps not until they die like in the US case, but the idea of we're going to immediately stop taxing them. That's really hard to justify. So you look at this as kind of a financial plumber. You're like, this is just a technical issue, right? It’s totally doable. It's a matter of political will. You know there is this view that with globalization, with modern technology, it’s become impossible to tax the wealthy. That we have to accept that there is a separate law for the super rich, more lenient that they can live outside of society, and that we are powerless to do anything about that. Hence, we should talk about other issues. But there's nothing that can be done here. That view is profoundly wrong. One striking example is what's happening in California these days. I don't know if you followed that. So California is likely going to have a ballot initiative, a referendum in November, on a one-off 5% billionaire tax. Okay, one time tax of 5% on the wealth of Californian billionaires. And the way it's been written is that if you are a California resident, as of January 1st of 2026, you have to pay the tax, so you just can't avoid it. Moving outside of California is not possible. It's too late. Right. And yet you have like thousands of articles everywhere saying, Oh you know billionaires are going to move and they're already leaving. Silicon Valley's wealthiest residents are once again threatening to leave California, this time over a proposed estate wealth tax. Those who are opposed to it say it will send wealthy people fleeing to other states to avoid paying the tax. It's like the Democrats are doing everything they can to get me to leave the state. It just doesn't make any sense. You know, there's no point if you move. You still have to pay the tax in California It's too late. So that's just one example of the type of disinformation that you get on these issues, where a lot of the private media is owned by by billionaires, which is a very real problem. And we need to fight back. So what I really love about this moment where we are right now is that there is the beginning of an international global tax fairness movement, and we are starting to win actually. This is a great time, isn't it, to join the movement, because I think the years that are ahead of us are potentially going to be quite exciting. And it is because of people like you who have been fighting the good fight that we're now in a better position than we were. Yes, I agree, there's been a little bit of progress and much more to come. So for instance, 15 years ago there was a complete bank secrecy in places like Switzerland, like the Cayman Islands. It was really easy for the super rich to hide their assets and to evade taxes. Under which circumstances would you be obligated to cooperate with an FBI or or a US Justice Department investigation for example? Ca depend Ca depend? Oui Ca depend on on what exactly? Whether America plans to invade Switzerland in the coming months. For decades, people had been saying we just can't do anything. You know if Switzerland wants to have very strict bank secrecy laws, that's just a given. It's never going to change. But then it changed. The US threatened sanctions against Swiss banks if they refused to cooperate. And it launched a process where more than 100 countries agreed to automatically exchange bank information. So moving from bank secrecy to some genuine from of transparency. So that's one thing. Second more important is the work that has started in 2024 at the G20. When Brazil had the presidency of the G20 and said, look, we have to discuss the taxation of the rich, we have to discuss inequality, we have to discuss extreme wealth. They put those issues on the agenda of the G20. You have to realize that these G20 finance ministers, they meet several times a year and never talk about this. They talk about the world's most pressing problems, which according to them is everything but inequality and taxes. But then for the first time, there was one government that said, we're going to change that. That was a revolution. And that was big because it started a discussion in ministries of finance all over the world. And it's in all countries, everywhere, very much, including the US, that you have 70%, 80% of the population that says we just don't accept that the super rich should be allowed to pay less. And the French National Assembly passed this legislation in February of 2025. It's currently blocked by the Senate. Know it's going to come back. But there was a vote and they said, yes, we want it. But even though there is so much support in the population, it’s going to take years. I think the closest precedent is what happened with the creation of the income tax. The income tax was a big international movement where in different countries people started talking about doing things differently. For centuries, all taxation had been based on consumption taxes, indirect taxes The rich didn't pay tax, it was all taxing salt, for instance goods, not income. And all of a sudden they had this idea of let's try income, let's tax the income of the rich, let's tax it in a progressive manner, where you have higher rates for those who have higher incomes. And the wealthy of the time, they fought like crazy and they predicted all sorts of catastrophes. It's actually very funny to read the type of arguments they were making at the time, because it's very much the same. It was always about, oh, if we do it, we're going to be less competitive. Competition at the time was about colonial expansion. You know, it was really that they had money like, you know, will be less able to invade Africa. We are going to be less entrepreneurial. People are going to be discouraged, if you tax them their income, 3%, 4%. It's the same bullshit bingo as ever. The same, the same. Exactly. And it took time for democracy to prevail. But the big lesson from history is that actually democratic forces prevailed over those oligarchy forces. And the crucial lesson, I think, is that those democratic forces, they're not forces of history. there are always people behind that. You know, small groups of really committed, very driven, talented people who are willing to give it everything. Now, the good news is that we're not just a bunch of whiners, but we're actually building something. We want to be a part of the solution. Now, my organization, The School for Moral Ambition is starting a Global Tax Fairness Fellowship So we are recruiting eight of the most talented people we can find In Canada, in the United States, in Europe and in Africa. It's going to be a truly global fellowship. And they'll be working on this cause. So we need like some of the best marketeers and campaigners some of the best lobbyists and people who are able to build the right coalitions right Because we need as many people as possible to advocate for this right now. And I'm so excited to be teaming up with you, and you're going to be one of the teachers basically, right? Can I say that? At The School for Moral Ambition teaching these people who want to join the fight as well. Yeah, I'm very excited too. We need more good people, talented, hard working on our side. They have these armies of accountants, of lawyers And we have the reseachers, we have the knowledge, And we have the reseachers, we have the knowledge, we have the ideas. But we need more people on our side, especially people who can help us craft in a very concrete manner the tax laws of the future, the international economic agreements of the future. And we need a global tax system that works for everybody and not just for the wealthy of the global North. And that's a lot of the work that that we do at our tax observatory. And what I would stress is that even with those much smaller resources, we've already been able to do a lot. Right? Because you don't want to overestimate the power of money and the power of oligarchy. That exists. These are very powerful forces. But what's even more powerful, in my view is the power of ideas and the power of democratic forces. Someone said this to me recently. Like, if you can achieve all your goals during your lifetime, you're probably not thinking big enough. So these things that you're talking about, like, I don’t know a global tax on billionaires, that sounds pretty big, doesn't it? I think that probably the defining challenge of the 21st century is going to be this battle between democracy and oligarchy. Of course there are many tools, many policies that can help democracy win But tax policy, taxation, historically has been the most effective, the most powerful tool. And I think it's likely to be the case in the 21st century. The billionaires have their army, we are building ours. So apply right now. So, Gabriel, going to a party with you, what are we going to talk about Taxes as well. Is that like you wake up with thoughts on taxes or? Well pretty much yes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neal4711 [1 likes]: Tax assets, if wealthy people decide to move away to a tax haven they can’t take all their assets with them. The company’s, properties they own and earn income from.
  2. @iantobaudonnel1138 [1 likes]: C'est ça le rayonnement français que l'on souhaite voir.
Merci M.Zucman de nous eclairer sur ce sujet fondamental aussi bien techniquement (problème de fond publique) que moralement (problème democratique)
  3. @stanjones2557 [1 likes]: Communist theory actually!
  4. @smitakakkad: The video states that due to the way the tax system operates, billionaires like Jeff Bezos can report very low, zero, or even negative income, which results in them paying no income tax. Specifically, the speaker mentions that in one instance, Jeff Bezos reported such a low income that he claimed and received family benefits, claiming he was 'so poor' (08:33 - 09:14).😂
  5. @GalliadII: I am not going to defend billionaires. All I am saying is that they are made by the people. Every dollar they make, someone like you spent in their buisness. You people decided in mass that the convience they provide you with the companies is worth more than your hatred of their actions and their wealth.
because if the majority wants billionaires not to exit, the majority needs to stop giving them money, stop working for them and stop eating their cake and then complain its gone.
  6. @BlaziusRex: They do though!  They pay millions... it's just that they pay that money directly to the politician of interest. <-- you KNOW that's the way they look at it and find no problems in it.
  7. @ProspectTruth: 2% minimum! Make it 50% minimum like the rest of the upper bracket of taxation in the UK. I am disgusted that the proposed tax for billionaires is just 2% when billioniares make 2% on their wealth every 2 to 4 weeks! Haw can a tax be called a tax when it costs billionaires nothing. To top rate of apAYE in the uk is 50% so that is exactly what they should pay and not a percentage point less.
  8. @pellekuipers6856: Chargeeee!!!!!!
  9. @philipebbittmanson1455: They should pay their fair share. Fair being the operative word here. We should not be subsidizing their lifestyle and corruption.
  10. @nacarreira777: This discussion gives me hope. Cheers to you both.
  11. @enofox8972: Tax wealth not work!!! Merci beaucoup Zucman!
  12. @Jay-i8s3q: Why don't they tax them 15% on their income, then when they shop then when they sell assets just like all Canadian citizens😉
  13. @Jay-i8s3q: Best exemple, Jacques Villeneuve. Was caught. Never had more than 14 000 cad declared so basicaly filed income as living under the poverty limit😅
  14. @Jay-i8s3q: They dont pay tax because they buy assets and live off their trusts profits. Interest over assets aren't taxed as income, which is what we are taxed on as our revenue.  To avoid that, part of the strategy is to have a "société d'actions" in charge.  Payments,trades,real estate assets etc passes trough that society from which they live off.
  15. @timbruyns: Where is the hype button for this video?
  16. @321sugarbowl: The billionaires in New York said the same thing when Mamdani was elected: that they would flee the state. It didn't happen.
  17. @frankgreen1663: Why not 10% ?...still leaves them insanely wealthy
  18. @curcuperine: Envy, social resentment and vengance cause baldness.
  19. @gedwardnelson: This plan is pure evil
  20. @geksticle: The Australian system could use some of this thinking. 
Not just for individuals but for large mining companies as well.

- The #1 Money Rule to Live By: Understand The Psychology of Money: Kind: captions Language: en this is an extremely timely and important topic what I'm present to at least with people in my life is a lot of fear around money fear that I'm never going to be successful fear that I'm going to run out of money fear that I'll never make enough fear that I'll never get out of debt fear that I won't have enough retirement savings fear that something bad's going to happen and I'm going to lose it all like it's just nothing but fear why why are we all wrapped up in this idea of being Fearless perhaps fear is here with a message imagine a world where you can make your own Financial choices for yourself by yourself you have autonomy you have agency you can choose for yourself choose to stay in a job not stay in a job stay in a marriage not stay in a marriage start a business not do it this is your road map this is your plan of action this is what you need to do today hey it's Mel I am so excited that you're here it is always such an honor to spend time with you and to be together and if you're brand new welcome to the Mel Robins podcast family and thank you for choosing to listen to this podcast episode about money and you know what that tells me it tells me that you're the type of person that not only values money but you value your time and you're interested in learning about ways that you can improve your life I just love that and I'm so excited that you're here today because you and I are going to dive into something that so many of us struggle with but we don't talk about and that's Financial fear now I know firsthand what it feels like to be afraid when it comes to money I know what it looks like to look at your bank account and not know how the heck you're going to make it to the next month I know that gut-wrenching anxiety when you go to check your bank balance and you just hope that it won't be in the red you may not know this about me but there were days when my husband Chris and I were so terrified that we wouldn't be able to pay the bills or worse that we were going to lose everything just over a decade ago we were on the brink of complete Financial ruin I was 41 years old I still remember sitting at the kitchen table staring at the pile of bills that have been sitting there for weeks wondering how the heck are we going to pay these things when we don't have any money in the bank I mean at one point my husband and I were $800,000 in debt yep you heard that right $800,000 now I don't know about you but when I thought about my life plan or I made a vision board I never pasted up an image that said bankruptcy $800,000 in debt that's not exactly how I thought my life was going to turn out but what ended up happening is that my husband had gone into the restaurant business and the first location was pretty successful so like complete idiots we poured our entire life savings home equity line maxed out credit cards into it and boom the business started to fail and we were drowning in debt with no way out of sight it felt like no matter how hard we tried we couldn't dig out of the hole that we had put ourselves in and that fear the fear of losing everything became my constant companion now if you've ever had that fear you know how crushing it is to not know how you're going to pay your bills and I want you to know something you're not alone that fear has shaped how I approach money today and if you're in that place you can learn how to tap into that fear and change how you relate to money too I mean just talking about it I can still feel the pit in my stomach there was a time where I felt completely powerless over our finances I mean the debt was so freaking big it felt like it felt impossible to get in front of it I felt like I had lost control of my choices my future my family's well-being and even after we started slowly holy cow it was painstaking I'm not going to lie to you it wasn't glamorous it was grueling to try to chip away at the debt even as we did that Financial failure it loomed over us for years you know I think as a parent the biggest fear that you have is failing your kids especially when it comes to providing for them I mean there was a time when I couldn't even figure out how are we going to get groceries on the table this week how are we going to pay for you to stay in town soccer I mean let alone start putting money away you know into their college funds I mean that's kind of the funny thing about financial advice right when you can barely make the ends meet how the hell are you going to put things away for the future the idea of not being able to give my kids what they needed paralyzing and the guilt and the shame that my husband and I felt I mean it was just consuming it makes you question your wor as a mother as a provider as a human being as a parent and so let me be real with you there is shame around money and for years I was embarrassed to talk about our financial situation I didn't want anyone to know how bad it was but here's the truth I have learned over the last 14 years that Financial fear is universal and it doesn't have to control your life it doesn't have to drive your decisions in fact if you learn how to face it head on if you lean into that fear and you unpack where is this coming from you can flip it from something that paralyzes you into this force that motivates you to do what you need to do to figure things out and you are more than capable of that and that's what we're going to do today we're going to talk directly about where your fear around money is coming from and that fear is there I don't care how how successful or how in debt you are everybody has a fear around money and in order to help us tackle this I've called in farou tabi who's one of the most trusted voices in personal finance to help us dive even deeper into this topic she spent over two decades guiding people through their financial fears helping them not only confront the anxiety around money but use it that's the cool part we're going to use it as fuel to create the financial future you deserve ve now farou is going to help you unpack why so many of us especially women feel guilty or afraid about being Financial ambitious and more importantly she's going to show you how to start taking control of your money whether you have any or not your mindset and your future and by the end of this episode I promise you you'll see your financial fear in an entirely new light because you're going to know how to leverage it faru stabi I'm so excited that you're here I cannot wait to talk about fear and money with you thank you so much Mel well this is an because there's uncertainty all around us and there's also opportunity but what I'm present to at least with people in my life is a lot of fear around money fear that I'm never going to make enough fear that I'll never be able to afford the kind of neighborhood that I grew up in even though it wasn't the world's fanciest neighborhood fear that I'm never going to be successful ful fear that I'm going to run out of money fear that I'll never make enough fear that I'll never get out of debt fear that I won't have enough retirement savings fear that something bad's going to happen and I'm going to lose it all fear that I'm going to make the wrong investment in the stock market and that's going to be a dumb pick fear that I missed out on buying Amazon way back when and now it's that Nvidia AI stock that I missed out on fear that I don't understand what's happening fear that I've spent too much fear that I'm an IDI like it's just nothing but fear and so I'm not only excited for you to unpack fear but to normalize that this is a very common experience and that there are specific things that you can do to take control and understand these fears and actually address them um yeah I've been a financial adviser for 20 years and people like what you're writing a book about fear yes because it is the emotional underpinning of so many of our financial questions when people come to me and they say should I buy a house should I get married divorce have kids get take the job quit the job start the business file for bankruptcy there is advice there to be given that is tactical but to really get to the root of the solution you have to go deeper and usually address the fear I want to first start by saying that fear can be a tool in your life why why are we all wrapped up in this idea of being Fearless I am a daughter of immigrants I am a daughter of the 1980s in Worcester Massachusetts I grew up terrified and I say you know things worked out and it wasn't because I abandoned fear it was because I got to a point in my 20s when I was trying to be fearless and I would get into a lot of dead ends and I would make a mess of things but I said you know what this fear is not going away I am just I am just that person that has this fervor all the time and I thought let me like look at it and try to understand what it's trying to tell me perhaps fear is here with a message can we start by having you just talk to the person listening and tell them what they could experience in their life that's different if they take everything to heart that you're about to teach us today imagine a world where you can make your own Financial choices for yourself by yourself you have autonomy you have agency you can choose for yourself choose to stay in a job not stay in a job stay in a marriage not stay in a marriage start a business not do it and I'm not saying those things are easy but with money and with financial Independence comes so much confidence you can sleep better at night and you know the world's a scary place sometimes and with money helps when you experience fear in your financial life which for me sometimes is a lot of the time I think that if you are able to apply some of these learnings you will not experience fear as paralysis you will experience it as opportun Unity to know that when fear arrives in your financial life it doesn't want to create stasis or keep you stuck it wants you to find a solution to help you to engage with your fear is to engage with your values to engage with what's important to and what you want to protect and you have to be clear on these things before you make any financial decision so when you're good with fear you can be good with money so I take it it's normal to be afraid of money oh um yes I mean money is a limited resource okay money inherently creates scarcity in our minds and that is terrifying because you make a financial decision you can't rewind and now you're with less money than when you started potentially there is risk inherent to making certain financial decisions and money is personal so when we make a financial choice or decision or we think about something financially related we can't help but make it really personal and think about well what does it say about me if I do this thing how is it going to reflect on me all the list of fears that you mentioned make a 100% sense to me because as humans we want to protect our resources right and money I mean talk about an important resource well and a lot of times I didn't have it so I was also afraid of never having that resource how do you want someone to think about money what is money H it's a tool it is an important tool it's a tool that's going to give you access it's going to help you create a bridge in your life when you need it most I got into this space as a financial author as a journalist not because I had all the credentials because when I was young I saw my parents argue about money constantly I saw how it was weaponized listen money can be a tool for good and it can be a tool for evil for bad and in my parents marriage I saw as a result of my father being the breadwinner and the fact that he was a man and he Associated his manhood with financial dominance my mother also had her own issues in terms of not speaking the language so she wasn't able to work right away in America as immigrants they came from Iran and I watched them fight around money and on the one hand I was grateful I grew up in a household where we did talk about money freely as middle easterners that culturally it's not as taboo but often the topics around money were were discussed with I say with fist banging on kitchen tables it was a lot of crying it was a lot of silent treatment it was and I quickly saw I mean this was it this is my origin story I saw how as especially as a woman if you don't have access to your own money and feel empowered around your finances then someone will make the decisions for you and they're not always decisions that you want they're not always in your best interest so money you need it it's not a nice to have everybody needs money particularly women we don't think that it's our domain because we've been told it's not it's he'll take care of it you know I've been to restaurants where they give me a menu and my menu doesn't have any prices on it this is not in America by the way this was uh when my husband and I went on a a trip to uh the Caribbean and I and I go what's going on is a prefix like did we miss the sign in the front this is going to be like a you know and the waitress will say no no madame you should not have to worry about such things and I said it like it can't escape me this follows me everywhere and I make more in my relationship so I had to have a good laugh about that because it's like really I don't have to worry about money it's all I do this is important for women to believe that it is not just a nice to have that being financially independent is your right I'm really glad that you're saying that and here's why I look at money like a tool but I believe money is power and I say that knowing it's a very loaded word and the reason why I say it's power is because when you have your own money and you are able to make your own money and you are able to choose what you do with your money without feeling a consequence or that you're going to get in trouble or that you got to hide the packages you have power you have power over yourself you have power over your decisions and the other reason why I use the word power is because I think about the way in which society has glamorized success and glamorized money and certainly makes all of us believe that when you have more money you have power and in our lived experiences we know when we see people that have a lot of money that they do have access to things that maybe you don't have access to because they can afford it but I think a lot about that moment when you're at a restaurant and the bill comes mhm and who's going to pay and the person that reaches forward and grabs it if that happens versus we're going to split the bill but even the ability to split the bill is power yes I agree with you money is power the complexity arrives when you're in a relationship and you think that my power means I have power over you as a p as opposed to I have power to heal to support you know there's a difference there's a difference in how you wield that power and I want every woman to have power and to use money as a tool for power and men too but when you're in the context of a relationship it's about how to sort of dance with money you know and not be sizing each other up based on what you earn this happens all the time m imagine a world where you can roam freely and choose for yourself by yourself you can afford yourself options you can say you know what this doesn't suit me anymore and I can leave and I know there are some risks and I know there's uncertainty down the road but I have money I have not just money but I have Financial autonomy this is what being truly wealthy is it's being able to understand that the world's a scary place yes money does not solve all of the problems but money does give us a Runway it gives us resources it gives us confidence sometimes to believe we can do something and arrive on the other side safe and as women in this world I know this personally I've seen it I've witnessed it I've experienced it money helps having your own money someone else's money is not your money your parents money is not your money your partner's money to an extent you share in that but do you have your own bank account do you have your own credit card do you have your own source of income potentially I think that if you are willing to prioritize your financial well-being and say that not only do I need this but I deserve this it is my Birthright your world opens up who doesn't want options what are the top five fears that people have about money just five so I would say that the biggest fear is the fear of not having enough there's a realness to that I mean you look outside things are expensive um and so there could be a real actual legitimate reason for that fear then there's the fear of even if you have enough losing it all right you're just one job loss away from losing your house your one bad investment away from not being able to retire there is a fear of wanting too much and this affects a lot of women the admitting of I want to be rich I want to be financially successful that's a scary thing to come to terms with out loud in front of others because you're worried about what that might say about you and your priorities the expectation is not that you're going to be that woman right the expectation is maybe that you're going to prioritize caregiving you're going to prioritize your family you're going to prioritize other things not money so we fear we fear that we fear as parents sometimes and caregivers raising our kids in such a way where the Cycles get repeated where maybe we grew up with a fear of scarcity and now we're bestowing that on our children or on the other end giving them too much and then they don't appreciate it so again it's it's sort of what we all have which is that lack of financial literacy I think it's like 60% of Americans didn't speak a word of money growing up and as adults that becomes a fear of its own that not only you're not going to have the sort of fluency and confidence around money but that your kids who are watching you are also not going to be able to be strong in that department and then I think for those who are perhaps the Boomers my parents this fear of dying without a real Financial Legacy you know it's that's important culturally to Americans is to be able to die with the will to pass on some assets to the Next Generation and again I think part of it is like um this fear of thinking about death and not doing the proper estate planning exacerbates that so those are the five things and I try to pick the ones that kind of go through the the generations there was a recent study that actually found that gen Millennials gen why they're the ones who are most afraid of running out of money wow what's interesting about hearing those five top fears is that if you put it in the context of the issues that money can create with couples and in your relationships that if you are not able to talk about money if you don't feel equal in your relationship when it comes to money and these fears are lingering underneath the surface I can see how if you're fighting around what are we buying the kids in terms of the sneakers and we're going to spend this and it becomes these surface level arguments one of you might be having a budget conversation the other one might be having a concern or a fear about kids who grow up spoiled and if you don't understand your own relationship to money and what you value it's going to keep coming up in all of the conflict that you have with your partner as you argue around the things that you're buying or what's happening and I can see how this creates a big divide oh yeah I mean that's why I often say before you get into the nitty-gritty of your finances you have to talk about how how you grew up with money that is a it's so foundational to really understanding your partner and so when you when you see them when you witness them being tight with money or overspending or not wanting to talk about money and not wanting to have that confrontation you don't go what's wrong with you you go oh my God I understand where this is coming from so let's unpack that you know sometimes um the exercise I often say is when you're experiencing a financial fear of any sort is to trace it to to its root where did this fear come from is it even my fear it may just be my parents fear from the 1960s from the 1970s latched on to me because yeah growing up uh there was scarcity and that was a scary time but that was also a time when I was nine and I didn't have agency and I didn't have control over what was happening with the money and so my parents fears became my fears I inherited that and I never let go of it and maybe even just maybe that helped me for a while as I got older having that fear of losing money uh made me a Super Saver but now I still have this anxiety that I'm going to lose it all but I have savings I have a job I and yet so this is when the fear is no longer serving you and you need to kind of go down memory lane find its source and make the adult decision that this ends here this ends with me right now um and I'm going to rest this fear I'm going to thank it maybe for how far it's taken me but now it's not serving me looking at the facts of your life that you do have I mean I remember this woman ver uh this woman wrote to me she said far I'm in my 50s I'm a single mom I've helped my boys get through college I grew up in scarcity and poverty and uh it it it actually that fear led me to be very financially in charge of my life I started a business I bought my house I single-handedly raised my boys and I just fear like I'm going to lose it I'm going to Lo I'm one bad decision away I don't trust that this is going to endure and so what I said to her was first let's like let's trace this with everything I just told you this is your mother's fear this isn't you and this is this is real I mean not to say that this is a fabrication it happened you were once this young girl experiencing lack now is that true you know look at look at everything that you have take inventory of your life you have done amazing things with your money you have not exhibited a pattern of making bad decisions with your money and so sometimes you need that wakeup call you need someone else to tell you here are all the things that you've done or you need to take a really honest look at all of your accomplishments I say it's taking inventory of all of your accomplishments and all of your assets that no one can take away from you like yeah maybe the market will tumble and you have no control over that and your Investments do dip and that may mean that you don't be able to retire you know at 65 as you were planning but does that mean you've lost it all and you'll never regain it because you are who you are at the end of the day you've gotten to where you are for a reason and that is not something that can be taken away from you when people get laid off and they're afraid of never getting a job again I say okay that that's scary you don't have a title you don't have an income you Source a lot of your sense of self-worth and identity from that job it's gone now you're worried about uncertainty but here's the thing when you fear Financial un certainty which is what that is what does your body want you know it wants certainty ice cream it wants ice cream purse look listen as the woman who has been laid off twice the first time it happened a lot of Bridget Jones Diary a lot of Chinese dumplings and you should allow yourself a pity party like that is to be allowed but I say you know you lost the job you lost the income but what did you not lose what are the things that you are still taking with you and that is your experience your network your accomplishments even the failures are assets you know you learned a lot and that is the stuff that you're going to be able to take into your next into your next move um so we lose sight we think that our accomplishments our measure of value is just in these sort of tangible things you know our income our title our job but it's also in the life that we have lived all of these experiences and the people and the network and the health that we have this is all these are all assets and so when you're in that terrifying moment of feeling lost and life is uncertain the fear is telling you hold on to what is certain what is certain and I think you will find the courage and the motivation that you are lacking what about the person who's afraid they're never going to buy a house this is a good one because my gosh what is more American Pie what is more American Dream than buying a house right and I would say to that person let's first unpack why you're afraid you'll never be a homeowner what is it about are you worried that you're not going to it's too expensive but more than that that if you don't buy the house you won't be wealthy you won't build wealth you won't have security for your family you won't be able to be considered a financial adult because we associate so many of those things with the act of a home purchase in our culture so I think that also the there is also a fear of like if I don't do this Grand thing with my money if I don't buy a home am I really financially mature am I really going to be doing the right things with my money rent oh I've just heard that that's money down the drain so I would look at that I would examine that and go why why do you think this who told you this we grew up a lot of us with that sentiment you know it's making me realize that underneath every Financial fear I'm afraid I won't be able to pay for my kids college is a deeper value and I would imagine that it makes you feel like maybe I'm not a good parent or maybe that's what I believe a parent should do what about the fear I won't be able to retire that's a real fear that's a real fear because the cost of living there's so many unknowns in retirement the cost of healthare and we're living longer so we need more money to support us in retirement so if that is your fear then I want you to imagine go to the dark place you're 75 years old you still have to work you don't want to be working and you're tired and you don't get to see your grandkids you don't get to see your friends it sounds sucky imagine this listen are you motivated to do something after hearing this I hope so I would this is what I'm trying to condition you to be inspired to do don't just sit in the what if go to the place where things have really Fallen apart for you because you are scared now but I'm going to tell you there's a lot scarier things for you waiting for you if you don't do something today and that's so we have to sort of hold fear in Balance you know what you fear today versus the scary place you might be in five years from now 10 years from now because you didn't act healthfully um with this fear you didn't use this fear to motivate you to take some steps that could help you make some progress I totally get it you're basically flipping the fear from something that paralyzes you and keeps you feeling insecure to using it to activate this motivation to do something now yes and to look at it now and see that you can figure it out now so it's not a fear at all I mean Mel you just that story you gave about the restaurant going out of business and you just you were afraid you and what did you do you went out and made a ton of money and you worked and worked and worked and it wasn't sustainable but and it wasn't a ton of money in the beginning let's be honest it was like let's get some groceries on the table let's got start somewhere make sure the lights don't get turned off how can you stop fearing money so I don't really like to talk about how to stop fearing it what I want to reframe is how to have a conversation with your fear so we tend to go through life reacting to fear often in knee-jerk ways we free freeze we fly and we what's the third one freeze fly fight I want to offer a fourth option which is figure it out that's my fourth F and by figuring it out I mean like realizing that maybe fear showed up for a reason and I'm not talking about like fear of heights or fear of you know I'm talking about like when you're at the crossroads of life and you have to make a financial decision and the stakes are high if you're afraid there's probably a reason because you're worried about risk you're worried about losing money this is not a small thing and so in that moment I offer queries in the book here are things that you can ask yourself that can help you create some sense of a road map for where to go next like fear does not want you to keep you stuck Diane FY she studied Apes she was a primatologist and she essentially taught us all that fear has an evolutionary purpose it's here to protect us you know she wandered around with Apes in one experiment and realized that inevitably there was always a subset of Apes that were always on the periphery they were always like sleeping with one eye open and she wondered what if we remove them from the community and when that happened the community was obliterated and she realized that in culture in society there's always there's always sort of like a border of people who are always like sort of On The Fringe we're we're the we're the I'm I'm the taru in Far SE like the the fearful one and I'm proud of that because for me it's how I've protected myself and as we've evolved as humans you know maybe um we're no longer in primitive era but we have evolved and fear has evolved with us to be there for us when we're trying to make decisions that are more self-aligned that can we can uh feel like protected doing something that is scary so honor it and how you honor it we've talked about it already a little bit is like sort of trace it to its roote figure out how it got here what's the story fear of losing money could this have been sourced from when you were younger and you saw your parents go bankrupt you saw your father lose his job or your mother lose her job and now you have carried that fear into your adult life and you don't believe that you can have it any better sometimes that's important because it's a wakeup call I would also say if you're somebody who's afraid of losing it all imagine losing it all like go to the dark place because what we have found is that the fear of losing money it takes place that fear sort of bubbles up in the same place as like physical pain in the brain and what do we want more than anything when we experience physical pain we want a solution we want to we want to fix it so I often say when people are like sort of just living In This Cloud of fear like what if what if what if it's like no let's actually make it really urgent like what if tomorrow you did lose your job what if tomorrow you did make a bad investment and it wiped out your savings go there imagine what you would do in that moment who would you call what would you stop spending your money on where would you allocate the resources and rather than making it a hypothetical this is your road map this is your plan of action this is what you need to do today oh I see so in the hypothetical you force yourself to face it and you ask yourself while you're secure right now what would I actually do and that proves to you that you could figure it out you could figure it out we often live in this like cloud of fear you know I say people often worry about what if and that's normal you know what if this happens what if that happens but you're not serving yourself when you just are going you're chasing your tail so stop and this may seem really mean to say but like I want you to go to the edge I want you to imagine like what would actually happen if you did if that what if became a what now like it's happening it's happening today bring it to your doorstep and how would it play out you're not going to just sit there you're going to do something you're going to be you're going to be mobilized and now you know what you have to do so for the person who's afraid of losing their job it's amazing what happened so many chips fall into place like I'm going to go figure out what my states unemployment insurance is I want to go look at my budget actually because maybe I would have enough to cover me for a couple of months while I'm getting back on my feet what are your parting words on this topic of fear and money it's normal when you fear money you're a human being there is cause for this but what if I told you that fear can be your friend that when fear shows up it's an opportunity to listen to it to unpack it when we are able to face our fears I think we're only getting closer to who we really are are what we value what we want to protect and what a way to walk through life so if you can accept that and appreciate that especially in the context of your financial life fear in your financial life um it will make you more motivated and more excited to do the sort of nitty-gritty with your money which is you know the saving and the investing and all that but now you really have this this desire um because what fear has taught you is that you have a lot to protect you have a lot to honor in your life it's my offer as so many people have come to me over the years asking me about how to do this how to do that and I go wait a minute yes we're going to get to how to but let's talk about the fear that you're feeling and why it's there and what it might be educating you on Amazing my biggest takeaway is fear is the biggest obstacle all the stuff that you need to do you're capable of you address the fear and you'll actually do what you need to do and address it don't be Fearless there's a great book out Caroline duner wrote a book and in it she said if you if you protest if you are proud of the fact that you are fearless I'm sorry to tell you but you're a psychopath because what does that mean it means that you're not you're not afraid of risk and consequence you're not worried about things backfiring you're just walking through life believing that you're invincible I can't afford that I can't personally I can't afford that I need to be constantly thinking about how this is going to impact my life my kids lives and that's that's okay I don't want to lose that fear I want to be able to have a relationship with that kind of fear varou thank you thank you thank you for being here in our Boston Studios and helping us with this really important topic and honestly life-changing skill oh thank you Mel it's my honor thanks for bringing me back to my roots this is kind of near where I'm from so I feel like it's such a privilege to be here what I've Loved about everything that we've talked about today is the fact that money and your relationship to it is a critical part of your life and you deserve to have a powerful relationship with money and I don't want you to ever shy away from that in fact I want you to embrace it and in case in case no one else tells you I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you and I believe in you and I believe in your ability to change your life and what you learn today will 100% help you create a better Financial life all righty I'll be waiting for you in the next episode and to you on YouTube thank you thank you thank you for being here thank you for watching all the way to the end I love being here with you and I know you're the kind of person that loves supporting people that support you so hit subscribe because it's the best way that you can tell me that you really love these videos and I have a goal that 50% of the people that watch this channel are subscribers and we are just within like 8% of reaching that goal so thank you for doing that and I know you're thinking well I want more videos Mel you got it I want you to check out this one next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Factification-o3f [1 likes]: There are people without money fear, and they are the people who should be on the show. This was just anxiety provoking.
  2. @CarmenRivera78142 [1 likes]: The first episode that I watched that it's awful 😢
  3. @AndrewLewis399: yeah… this is one of those videos that makes you rethink your approach a bit
  4. @ksr3869: 36:12 psycopath
  5. @MC-hu4mi: My Grandmother said “Nothing like making your own money as a Woman”! She worked for the New York City phone company in the ‘20’s. She worked a few years before her marriage. I’ll never forgot.
  6. @cosmicmc1111: I’m going to be 68 years old. I’ve lost everything I’m not able to find a job when I find when I get laid off or it’s so physically exhausting I can’t maintain it. I own eight homes for new builds with Mari 21 years and due to a horrible relationship afterwards, I literally have nothing. I’m just fine bankruptcy. I don’t even know the credit card anymore. What do I do? What about somebody like me that has no retirement on top of it what am I supposed to do?
  7. @LanaTab-x2e: Sometimes in a life you don't have so many choices, I'm single mom with now grown two man , all money I made went to roof food clothes and  some activities,  now I'm over 60 , and I can't make that money - had business that nolonger works , so to go to work for minimum wage to afford food no even roof , bc I'm immigrant , still have accent , and people and businesses don't care how much experience I had, no one gave me apportunity , so ... still drowning,  and now alone ... it's not about my decisions.... 2000 dollars and worked as a Uber driver , now even Uber thet don't oay drivers , it like you can't make even 50 dollars for 4 hours !!! So many drivers coast of gas and payments for car ... now I can be so smart ..but
  8. @JonathanAP001: All she talks about is 800k in debt. I’m in the fence with this woman
  9. @Telba_Yigit_PG: Ok
  10. @lordwilladarna6268: For sure I did not came from apes.
  11. @Ambientambiencechannel: This is interesting, right. I'm studying how to take a little concept and pad it out, right, to an entire chapter or book without actually getting around to saying anything, right, but making people think that at any moment I'm about to, right.
  12. @EverAlexander-t7s: I'll take my money out and hide it in Europe
  13. @EverAlexander-t7s: I said nothing about that. I told the banks to take care of my money. If I realize Trump doesn't have to dispose of my money, what is it?
  14. @gugulethukubheka6127: Thank you
  15. @consciousnes8064: Let me explain how I put away over $30,000+ in 401(k) & IRA investments.

If you have a high net-paying career, it is seriously to your advantage to max out your 401(k).

For example—if you earn $150K–$200K, you’re going to get hit with the highest taxes anyway.

So instead of letting taxes eat your money…
✅ take the max contribution you’re allowed to put into your 401(k) annually ($23K+)
✅ invest it pre-tax
✅ and reduce what you owe in taxes

Because think about it:

If you’re about to give the government $20K in taxes…
why not reallocate that same money into your future—your wealth—your retirement?

And it gets better:

Your company may also match contributions, and your investments can earn dividends + growth… which can add thousands more per year.

Now listen — even if you only make $15K–$50K, the principle is the same.

If you make $15K and still have to pay $1,800–$3,000 in taxes…

that’s money you can invest instead of giving it away.

💡 Investing is a mindset.
You’re not broke—you’re just untrained.

Let’s build wealth on purpose.
  16. @moneyexplainedmedia: ❤Very good❤
  17. @MarkusMarr: I never watched this shi why is it saying I did
  18. @shellanemacahilig7343: Thank you for the learnings of today.I treat money as my friend.❤👌🍀
  19. @r6yamaha73: This is so great… I thank you Mel and all your guests… All the days… So life-changing lessons always…
  20. @XboxSeriess-k6d: Mel you are my morning ,noon and night podcast.Thankyou for never giving up to do what you do.Saved my life in many ways.

- The Billionaire Family That Owns America Even Donald Trump Fears Them: Kind: captions Language: en-US You can name a few of the world’s&nbsp; richest billionaires. Bezos, Musk,&nbsp;&nbsp; Gates… But what if I told you that the people who&nbsp; truly control your life don’t appear on Forbes,&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t give interviews, and you’ve probably never&nbsp; even heard their names? Today, you’ll embark on&nbsp;&nbsp; a journey to discover 10 families whose power&nbsp; spans from gold-plated palaces in Arabia to… your&nbsp;&nbsp; own kitchen. And by the end, you’ll never see the&nbsp; world the same way again. Among them are families&nbsp;&nbsp; so powerful that even Donald Trump has to tread&nbsp; carefully, because when they make a decision,&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire United States trembles. The Rothschild Family: The Banking&nbsp;&nbsp; Ghosts Who Rewrote History Over Two Centuries Imagine yourself in an old wooden room,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the warm glow of candlelight casting&nbsp; shadows on a long table covered in documents&nbsp;&nbsp; and 19th-century maps of Europe. The doors&nbsp; are locked, guards stand outside, and inside…&nbsp;&nbsp; a group of people are negotiating the fate of&nbsp; nations, none of them are presidents or kings.&nbsp; That's when you realize: you've just stepped&nbsp; into the world of the Rothschild family. With&nbsp;&nbsp; an estimated fortune of $400 billion dollars,&nbsp; and possibly many times more, the Rothschilds&nbsp;&nbsp; are not just a banking family. They are the&nbsp; first blueprint for a global financial empire.&nbsp; It all began with Mayer Amschel Rothschild,&nbsp; a Jewish banker in Frankfurt in the late&nbsp;&nbsp; 18th century, with a genius strategy: place each&nbsp; son in a major financial center, London, Paris,&nbsp;&nbsp; Vienna, Naples, Frankfurt, and turn the family&nbsp; into the first trans-European banking network.&nbsp; But their power didn't stop at money. They&nbsp; funded governments, decided the outcome of wars,&nbsp;&nbsp; protected royal thrones, and financed grand&nbsp; infrastructure projects like railroads and&nbsp;&nbsp; canals. Every decision was made in secret, over&nbsp; private dinners and through encrypted letters.&nbsp; What made the Rothschilds a “no-go zone” of&nbsp; power was their absolute principle of secrecy:&nbsp; Their vast assets were held through multiple&nbsp; layers of trusts spread across tax havens.&nbsp;&nbsp; They did not publish financial statements. Family&nbsp; meetings were held like diplomatic conferences,&nbsp;&nbsp; with no photos allowed. They own luxurious&nbsp; real estate, famous vineyards such as&nbsp;&nbsp; Château Lafite Rothschild, where a&nbsp; bottle of wine can sell for up to&nbsp;&nbsp; $40 000 dollar and art collections worth&nbsp; hundreds of millions of dollars. But all of&nbsp;&nbsp; that is not for show… it is to preserve&nbsp; their legacy for centuries to come.&nbsp; Now, if you could use only one word to&nbsp; describe the power of the Rothschilds,&nbsp;&nbsp; type “Untouchable” in the comments section. If the Rothschilds maintained their power for&nbsp;&nbsp; two centuries through secrecy and finance,&nbsp; the next family combined royal power, oil,&nbsp;&nbsp; and ambitions to shape the future of humanity. Come to the Al Saud family, where every decision&nbsp;&nbsp; can change global oil prices and shape&nbsp; cities that don't yet exist on the map.&nbsp; The Al Saud family: When royalty builds cities&nbsp; of the future on sand and owns global oil prices&nbsp; Imagine you are flying over a vast desert. Below&nbsp; you are not endless golden dunes… but skyscrapers&nbsp;&nbsp; stretching over 100 miles in a straight line,&nbsp; their glass facades reflecting the sunlight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cars move silently, everything operates on&nbsp; artificial intelligence, and the air is cool&nbsp;&nbsp; despite the 50°C heat outside. Do you think&nbsp; this is a scene from a science fiction movie?&nbsp; No. This is NEOM, the $500 billion dollar&nbsp; futuristic city that the Al Saud family&nbsp;&nbsp; is building in the middle of the Arabian&nbsp; Desert. With an estimated net worth of 1.4&nbsp;&nbsp; trillion dollars, the Al Saud family is not just&nbsp; royalty. They are an economic, political, and&nbsp;&nbsp; religious powerhouse capable of determining global&nbsp; oil prices with a single closed-door meeting.&nbsp; They control Saudi Aramco, the most&nbsp; profitable company on the planet,&nbsp;&nbsp; generating hundreds of&nbsp; billions of dollars each year.&nbsp; But their power doesn't stop at oil.&nbsp; Through the Public Investment Fund (PIF),&nbsp;&nbsp; they have bought stakes in Uber, Lucid Motors,&nbsp; SoftBank, and even Newcastle United Football&nbsp;&nbsp; Club. They don't just participate in&nbsp; the market... they change the rules.&nbsp; The personal opulence of this&nbsp; family is almost mythical:&nbsp; Gold-plated Mercedes-Benzes are displayed&nbsp; for show. Eagles are flown by private jets,&nbsp;&nbsp; each costing hundreds of thousands of dollars.&nbsp; The Al Yamama Palace, with over 1,000 rooms,&nbsp;&nbsp; is adorned with Italian marble and&nbsp; custom-made chandeliers from France.&nbsp; What makes the Al Saud family a&nbsp; “global power” is their ability&nbsp;&nbsp; to combine royal authority with business&nbsp; might. They are not just heads of state,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are the owners of a massive&nbsp; energy conglomerate, global investors,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the architects of the future urban landscape. While the Al Saud family commands the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; respect through royal power and oil, the&nbsp; next family... even makes U.S. presidents&nbsp;&nbsp; think twice, even Donald Trump chooses&nbsp; his words carefully when mentioning them.&nbsp; Meet the Crown family, the ones holding the keys&nbsp; to national defense, banking, and the secret&nbsp;&nbsp; diplomatic channels of the United States. The Mars Family: The Candy Empire…&nbsp;&nbsp; and Power in Your Pet’s Food Bowl Try this: open your kitchen cabinet.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you see a package of M&M’s, Snickers,&nbsp; Milky Way… congratulations, you’ve just&nbsp;&nbsp; found a trace of one of the most powerful&nbsp; and secretive families in the United States.&nbsp; Now… head over to the pet section.&nbsp; Pedigree, Whiskas, Royal Canin, or even&nbsp;&nbsp; Banfield Pet Hospital? Yes, that’s them too. The Mars family doesn’t just sell candy,&nbsp;&nbsp; they own a part of your daily life. With a net worth of $126 billion,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mars Inc. is a 100% family-owned, privately held&nbsp; company with no public stock, no shareholder&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure, and virtually no media presence. What’s remarkable is how they operate,&nbsp;&nbsp; much like an intelligence agency: Their headquarters in McLean, Virginia, operates&nbsp;&nbsp; like a secret base. Employees are instructed&nbsp; to limit sharing any information outside the&nbsp;&nbsp; company. Family members rarely give interviews. The appeal of this story lies in the fact that&nbsp;&nbsp; we think of candy as fun and cute... but behind it&nbsp; lies a cold and highly calculated power structure.&nbsp; Mars doesn’t just dominate supermarket candy&nbsp; shelves; they’ve also taken over the global&nbsp;&nbsp; pet care industry, a market worth hundreds of&nbsp; billions of dollars. From producing pet food,&nbsp;&nbsp; controlling a network of veterinary hospitals, to&nbsp; investing in AI-powered veterinary diagnostics,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mars Inc. has turned your pets into&nbsp; part of their massive profit machine.&nbsp; And they do it all… in silence. No loud&nbsp; yachts, no mansions flaunted on Instagram,&nbsp;&nbsp; no speeches at conferences. They know that&nbsp; the greatest power isn’t in being recognized…&nbsp;&nbsp; but in being unavoidable. You eat candy? It’s them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your pet eats dinner? It’s also them. And with every transaction, a small piece&nbsp;&nbsp; of power continues to flow to the Mars family,&nbsp; unpretentious, unassuming, but incredibly secure.&nbsp; The Ambani Family: A Castle Standing&nbsp; Tall Amongst a Sea of People&nbsp; If you thought the Palace of Versailles&nbsp; was the ultimate symbol of luxury,&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't seen Antilia, the Ambani&nbsp; family's “Vertical Versailles.”&nbsp; Imagine this: in the heart of Mumbai, India’s&nbsp; most populous city, where millions of people&nbsp;&nbsp; cram into rooms barely 10 square meters&nbsp; in size, rises a 27-story steel and glass&nbsp;&nbsp; structure worth 2 billion USD. This is not&nbsp; a hotel, nor is it a government building… it&nbsp;&nbsp; is the private residence of five people. Inside, each floor is a different world:&nbsp; A snow room where you can play snowballs in&nbsp; the middle of a 40°C summer. Three helipads&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can fly out of the city at any&nbsp; time without touching the streets below. A&nbsp;&nbsp; six-story garage housing over 160 supercars, from&nbsp; Rolls-Royce Phantoms to custom-made Maybachs. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ballroom features crystal chandeliers&nbsp; that cascade down like waterfalls.&nbsp; Security? Armed bodyguards, biometric&nbsp; identification at every entrance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a protective ring surrounding the property&nbsp; as if it were the United Nations headquarters.&nbsp; The Ambani family, led by Mukesh&nbsp; Ambani, Chairman of Reliance Industries,&nbsp;&nbsp; controls an empire worth over 85 billion&nbsp; dollars: energy, telecommunications, retail,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now green energy. They don’t just trade; they&nbsp; redesign markets. When Reliance Jio launched,&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile data became nearly free, sending global&nbsp; giants like Vodafone and Airtel reeling.&nbsp; But Ambani's power isn't just&nbsp; about commerce. It's also a stage.&nbsp; The wedding of Mukesh's daughter in&nbsp; 2018 brought Mumbai to a standstill:&nbsp;&nbsp; Beyoncé and Coldplay performed, Hillary&nbsp; Clinton shook hands with guests,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the guest list was as long as a G20 summit.&nbsp; For Americans, this isn't just a&nbsp; story about wealth. It's a display&nbsp;&nbsp; of absolute power where money buys not&nbsp; just assets, but the world's attention.&nbsp; And while the majority of India's population lives&nbsp; on less than 5 dollar a day, Ambani is pouring&nbsp;&nbsp; billions into solar energy, hydrogen fuel, and&nbsp; artificial intelligence, not just to get richer,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to ensure that his family remains at the&nbsp; pinnacle of power for generations to come.&nbsp; The Walton Family: The Architects&nbsp; Behind America's Wealth&nbsp; The next time you walk into Walmart,&nbsp; stop for a second and look around.&nbsp; Endless aisles, bright white lights illuminating&nbsp; the space, every item labeled with a “rollback”&nbsp;&nbsp; price in yellow... all of it is part of the Walton&nbsp; family's blueprint, the family that controls the&nbsp;&nbsp; wallets, shopping habits, and flow of goods for&nbsp; hundreds of millions of Americans every day.&nbsp; With a net worth of $250 billion, the&nbsp; Waltons aren’t just the richest family&nbsp;&nbsp; in America… they’re the retail map of&nbsp; the nation. Walmart operates in over&nbsp;&nbsp; 10,500 locations across 19 countries,&nbsp; processing over 5,000 transactions per&nbsp;&nbsp; minute. That’s not “retail” ,&nbsp; it’s economic infrastructure.&nbsp; When Walmart negotiates prices with suppliers,&nbsp; the entire global supply chain trembles.&nbsp;&nbsp; When Walmart changes its wage policy, millions&nbsp; of employees and even competitors are forced&nbsp;&nbsp; to adjust accordingly. The Walton family&nbsp; runs this empire with surgical precision.&nbsp; Rob, Jim, and Alice Walton maintain&nbsp; control through a massive family trust,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that power remains firmly in their hands&nbsp; without sparking media storms. No flashy yachts,&nbsp;&nbsp; no sensational scandals, just cold, calculated&nbsp; decisions made in the Bentonville boardroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; where each revenue figure is equivalent&nbsp; to the GDP of an entire country.&nbsp; Of course, that power comes with controversy.&nbsp; Lawsuits over low wages, working conditions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Walmart's “swallowing up” of small&nbsp; retailers remain hot topics. But with&nbsp;&nbsp; over 6 hundred billion dollar in annual&nbsp; revenue, they are simply... too big to fail.&nbsp; You may not buy Louis Vuitton, drink Moët,&nbsp; or stay at a Bulgari hotel. But you have&nbsp;&nbsp; almost certainly walked into a Walmart, and each&nbsp; time you do, you are participating in a system&nbsp;&nbsp; that the Walton family built in 1962...&nbsp; and has continued to expand ever since.&nbsp; If the Waltons wield power by shaping&nbsp; everything you buy, then the next family&nbsp;&nbsp; wields power by shaping what you desire, luxury,&nbsp; prestige, and the dream of owning a piece of it.&nbsp; The Koch Family: The Power&nbsp; Brokers You Never Voted For&nbsp; Imagine… a family that has never stood on&nbsp; a campaign stage, never held one of your&nbsp;&nbsp; votes… yet still shapes how you live, how&nbsp; you work, and even… how much tax you pay.&nbsp; That’s the Koch family. And if&nbsp; you haven’t heard much about them…&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s because they want it that way. With a net worth of approximately 68&nbsp;&nbsp; billion dollar, Koch Industries is an empire&nbsp; spanning energy, oil, fertilizers, chemicals,&nbsp;&nbsp; toilet paper, and stain-resistant carpets.&nbsp; Georgia-Pacific, the company that makes the&nbsp;&nbsp; paper towels you use every day? They own it.&nbsp; The stain-resistant carpet in your living room?&nbsp;&nbsp; Chances are… it’s also made in a Koch factory. But their power doesn’t lie in their products.&nbsp;&nbsp; It lies in their blueprint for power. While other corporations hire lobbyists&nbsp;&nbsp; to run the halls of power, the Kochs go&nbsp; further: they build an entire political&nbsp;&nbsp; ecosystem. They fund free-market think&nbsp; tanks, create voter data networks larger&nbsp;&nbsp; than those of political parties, and shape&nbsp; U.S. law… without ever appearing in public.&nbsp; See the loosening of emissions regulations?&nbsp; The corporate tax cuts? Those traces... are&nbsp;&nbsp; likely Koch's doing. Charles Koch, the&nbsp; “brain” of the family, understands that&nbsp;&nbsp; real power isn't found in the spotlight, but&nbsp; in the boardroom, where bills are written&nbsp;&nbsp; before Congress even gets to read them. What makes them even more formidable?&nbsp;&nbsp; Koch Industries is a private company. No&nbsp; shareholders, no public reporting requirements,&nbsp;&nbsp; no one forcing them to reveal their&nbsp; secrets. They operate like a relentless,&nbsp;&nbsp; discreet, and nearly untouchable machine. And when you think about the Koch family,&nbsp;&nbsp; remember: sometimes, the most powerful people&nbsp; in your life are the ones you've never met.&nbsp; The Arnault Family: The Dream Sellers and&nbsp; Builders of a 240 Billion dollar Luxury Empire&nbsp; You could live your entire life without&nbsp; ever buying a Louis Vuitton bag. But&nbsp;&nbsp; be honest: have you ever wanted one? That is the power of the Arnault family,&nbsp;&nbsp; they don’t just sell products, they sell the&nbsp; feeling that you will be special if you own them.&nbsp; With a fortune of approximately 240&nbsp; billion dollar, Bernard Arnault,&nbsp;&nbsp; the “fashion king,” has transformed LVMH into&nbsp; the world’s largest luxury goods conglomerate,&nbsp;&nbsp; boasting over 75 brands: from Louis Vuitton,&nbsp; Dior, Fendi… to Moët & Chandon, Bulgari. Each&nbsp;&nbsp; brand is a piece of the luxury dream, displayed&nbsp; on the boulevards of Paris, Milan, Tokyo,&nbsp;&nbsp; New York, and of course, Beverly Hills. But Arnault doesn't stop at fashion.&nbsp; Imagine yourself sipping a glass of Moët&nbsp; champagne in the Bulgari Venice hotel suite,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking out over the Grand Canal, knowing that the&nbsp; champagne, the hotel, and even the dinner you are&nbsp;&nbsp; about to eat all belong to the same empire. The Arnault family operates like a long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; chess game. Bernard doesn't throw money at&nbsp; fleeting trends. He creates trends. He buys&nbsp;&nbsp; heritage brands and hands them over to his five&nbsp; children, each of whom manages a part of LVMH,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that power will be passed down&nbsp; through generations without falling into chaos.&nbsp; Behind the glittering runways of Paris&nbsp; lies an extremely cold-hearted machine:&nbsp;&nbsp; controlling the supply chain from&nbsp; raw materials to flagship stores.&nbsp;&nbsp; Acquiring rival brands before they can grow&nbsp; strong. Turning each product into a cultural&nbsp;&nbsp; icon, not just a commodity. You can fight Walmart's low&nbsp;&nbsp; prices. But can you fight the feeling&nbsp; of luxury that a Dior bag brings?&nbsp; It's a battle that most of us... choose&nbsp; to lose. If Arnault uses fashion to&nbsp;&nbsp; capture hearts and dreams, then the next&nbsp; family uses money to rewrite history.&nbsp; The Bettencourt Family: The Powerful&nbsp; Ghosts Behind the Global Beauty Industry&nbsp; There are families who rule the world&nbsp; with glass towers, million-dollar parties,&nbsp;&nbsp; and armed bodyguards. But there are also&nbsp; families who do it with absolute silence.&nbsp; The Bettencourt family, with a fortune of&nbsp; 92 billion dollar, has no need for public&nbsp;&nbsp; displays. They don't advertise themselves.&nbsp; Instead, they sell their image to the world...&nbsp;&nbsp; through brands you see every morning in&nbsp; the mirror: L'Oréal, Lancôme, Maybelline.&nbsp; The woman at the center of this power once was&nbsp; Liliane Bettencourt, the daughter of L’Oréal’s&nbsp;&nbsp; founder. She lived in a mansion in Paris,&nbsp; with walls adorned with paintings by Picasso&nbsp;&nbsp; and Rothko, and rare ancient manuscripts. The&nbsp; doors were always closed, the curtains drawn,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the press rarely invited inside. But silence does not mean peace.&nbsp; In 2010, the “Bettencourt Affair” erupted,&nbsp; a scandal that shook France: allegations&nbsp;&nbsp; of political bribery, secret accounts in the&nbsp; Seychelles, and a famous photographer accused&nbsp;&nbsp; of manipulating the elderly billionaire for&nbsp; personal gain. Mother and daughter went to court,&nbsp;&nbsp; billions of dollars were put on the line… Yet,&nbsp; even as the world’s spotlight was trained on&nbsp;&nbsp; them, the family remained tight-lipped&nbsp; about how they truly ran their empire.&nbsp; Today, power has passed to Françoise&nbsp; Bettencourt Meyers, Liliane’s daughter.&nbsp;&nbsp; She does not seek fame, does not appear on&nbsp; the covers of fashion magazines, yet she is&nbsp;&nbsp; the richest woman in the world. She funds the&nbsp; restoration of Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris,&nbsp;&nbsp; supports the arts, owns rare artworks… and&nbsp; continues to hold a controlling stake in&nbsp;&nbsp; L’Oréal through the investment firm Thetis. You might think power lies in a loud voice.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bettencourt will prove the opposite: true&nbsp; power lies in the ability to remain silent,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the world still listens to you. They don’t need to attract attention&nbsp;&nbsp; because every time you buy a lipstick,&nbsp; a jar of cream, or a bottle of perfume,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ve already placed yourself in their orbit. If Bettencourt is proof that power can exist in&nbsp;&nbsp; absolute silence... then the next figure is&nbsp; a living paradox. A billionaire who controls&nbsp;&nbsp; the telecommunications infrastructure of&nbsp; an entire continent, capable of “shutting&nbsp;&nbsp; down” communication for hundreds of millions of&nbsp; people... yet lives like an ordinary neighbor.&nbsp; Meet Carlos Slim, the “humble man” who is&nbsp; the most powerful person in Latin America.&nbsp; The Slim Family: Billionaires Who&nbsp; Can “Shut Down” an Entire Continent,&nbsp;&nbsp; But Live Like Your Next-Door Neighbors Some people are so rich that they can buy&nbsp;&nbsp; superyachts longer than a football field. Some&nbsp; people are so rich that they build palaces in&nbsp;&nbsp; the sky. And then... there's Carlos Slim,&nbsp; the man who can cut off phone, internet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and mobile signals across all of Latin America,&nbsp; yet lives in a modest six-bedroom house in&nbsp;&nbsp; Mexico City... for over 40 years. Sounds like a fairy tale about&nbsp;&nbsp; a humble billionaire? No. This&nbsp; is the art of invisible power.&nbsp; With an estimated net worth of 95 billion dollar,&nbsp; Carlos Slim controls America Móvil and Telmex,&nbsp;&nbsp; telecommunications companies that provide&nbsp; services to hundreds of millions of people&nbsp;&nbsp; in more than a dozen countries. If he were&nbsp; to decide to “flip the switch” one day,&nbsp;&nbsp; millions of businesses, hospitals, banks,&nbsp; and governments would plunge into chaos.&nbsp; But what sets Slim apart isn’t just his control.&nbsp; It’s how he uses it. No beachfront mansions in&nbsp;&nbsp; Malibu. No fleet of supercars in Monaco. No yachts&nbsp; moored in Cannes. He drives an old Mercedes,&nbsp;&nbsp; dines at home, and works in an office&nbsp; filled with books rather than LED screens.&nbsp; Slim’s wealth-building strategy is simple yet&nbsp; ruthless: buy when everyone else is panicking.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the market crashed in 2008, he invested 250&nbsp; million dollar in The New York Times. Today, that&nbsp;&nbsp; investment yields massive profits, and something&nbsp; even more valuable than money: direct influence&nbsp;&nbsp; over one of the world’s most powerful newspapers. Slim's art leaves its mark everywhere,&nbsp;&nbsp; even in museums. The Museo Soumaya, the museum he&nbsp; built to honor his late wife, houses over 66,000&nbsp;&nbsp; works of art, from Rodin to Dali. The public can&nbsp; enter for free. But that also means... he's the&nbsp;&nbsp; one who decides which art stories get told. Carlos Slim is a living paradox: powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; enough that heads of state must respect&nbsp; him, yet he doesn't need flashy photos.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's the kind of power that says, “If&nbsp; you know, you know,” and if you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll never dare to underestimate him. Leave your thoughts below. I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to hear your perspective. And if you want to continue exploring&nbsp;&nbsp; the secrets of money, power, and the figures&nbsp; most of the world has never heard of… like,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe, and turn on notifications because the&nbsp; stories to come will blow your mind even more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LucasTorres-o3q: editing is solid, nothing feels messy
  2. @AndreaKing-h1d: weekend watch but actually learned something
  3. @RaisaLong-k6z: if this billionaire family thing is even half true thats insane
  4. @LadislavMitchell: narration is smooth and clear, nice work
  5. @우진Cook: the idea of one billionaire family having that much influence is kinda crazy
  6. @SarahmonGreybush: its time for people like this to FEAR US! We outnumber them by a million to one, they keep us fighting each other because they know if we organize together they are all done for.
  7. @Doc-s7w: Is this the five finger family.
  8. @JasonFoster-Payne: Be comforted by the fact ,non of these people are taking wealth with them , when they go,they don't put pockets in any form of departure
  9. @kralikkral5560: "The Line" - worst economic fiasco of all time.
  10. @kennthkeller2659: untouchable
  11. @AlanSaltman: So the narration suddenly deletes traitor Trump's name while talking about the Saudi empire. They totally own him!
  12. @IpChowdhury: Guy is mispronouncing Rothschild!
  13. @tobiasstahl4396: Please get the pronunciation of the names and brands right when you do a video about them.
  14. @Jasonburgett1359: You can be as rich as you want to be one bomb and it doesn't matter how much money you have
  15. @richardpierce342: Good to see money doesnt always corrupt but it always has influence
  16. @luisjesus124: All lies, they control the world what a joke
  17. @cathydijkslag6143: Que des vieux pervers et psychopathes
  18. @patriciahruby7419: It is. Wry sad that these people can be happy with what they have!!!!
  19. @randallpether3547: The power protected by the angels.
  20. @wonder-land: The lure of power and the fear that it brings to the table is like greatness is breaking bones where others see greatness as healing bones. The heart of a great and powerful billionaire is rare like Chuck Finney.

- How the Wealthy People Take Risks to Build Wealth while Fear Keeps You Poor | Jim Rohn Motivation: Kind: captions Language: en Fear is the gatekeeper to poverty and courage is the master key to wealth. The rich understand that to build something great, you must be willing to step into the unknown to risk the comfortable for the possible. It's not about reckless leaps. It's about deliberate moves fueled by preparation and belief. So ask yourself, are you living as a prisoner of your fears or as a pioneer of your future? Because your answer will decide the life you lead. Fear is the silent thief that steals your future. It's a quiet presence, often hiding behind thoughts and excuses. Yet, its power is immense. It paralyzes your ability to take action and traps you in a comfort zone that feels safe, but is in reality a prison. You see, the comfort zone is not a place where wealth grows. It's a place where dreams wither and potential goes unused. I remember early in my life when fear of failure kept me from taking that first important step into business. I was comfortable enough in my job, but comfortable never built wealth. Courage, on the other hand, demands movement. Movement that may feel uncomfortable, but is necessary for growth. Wealth doesn't come to those who wait for fear to pass. It comes to those who act in spite of it. I've often said, "Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better. Facing fear is part of becoming better. The wealthy understand this well. They see fear as a signal, not a stop sign. When you learn to recognize fear and move forward anyway, you begin to build momentum that fear cannot stop. Taking risks, stepping outside your comfort zone. These are not reckless actions, but deliberate moves towards your future. It's important to understand that fear is natural. It's an emotion designed to protect you from danger. But in today's world, most fear is not about physical harm. It's about loss of comfort, loss of security, or loss of approval. And while those losses may feel real, the greater loss is the opportunity cost of staying stuck. I've seen people afraid to invest in their education, afraid to start a new business, afraid to speak up for themselves all because of fear. Meanwhile, those who acted courageously, even when scared build fortunes and legacies, one practical way to overcome fear is to take small steps consistently. The first step doesn't have to be giant. It just has to be forward. As you take action, your confidence grows and fear loses its grip. Remember, fear is often about the unknown. The more you learn and prepare, the less unknown there is and the less fear controls you. You cannot allow fear to be your master. It is a tool to be acknowledged and managed, not an obstacle to be avoided forever. If you want to build wealth, you must decide today that fear will not dictate your life or your future. Courage is the currency of progress, and every time you spend it, you grow richer in ways no bank account can measure. Let fear remind you of what's at stake, but never let it stop you from moving forward. The rich don't avoid risk. They calculate and manage it. There's a common misconception that wealthy people simply take reckless chances, gambling their future on hope alone. But that's far from the truth. The millionaire mindset is not about blind leaps, but about thoughtful steps. Risk is a part of every meaningful opportunity, but it's never approached with ignorance or fear. Instead, it's studied, understood, and managed. When I started my journey, I quickly learned that avoiding risk altogether meant avoiding progress. The safe path often leads to mediocrity, but stepping into risk without a plan leads to failure. The difference lies in how you approach risk. The rich don't jump into the unknown. They gather information, weigh possibilities, and prepare contingencies. They see risk as a puzzle to solve, not a trap to fear. Take for example investing. A wealthy person doesn't throw money into the market without research. They learn about the investment, understand the potential ups and downs and diversify to protect themselves. This is risk management, not risk avoidance. Even in business, successful entrepreneurs plan for setbacks. They set aside resources, develop fallback strategies, and adapt quickly when challenges arise. This calculated risk-taking allows them to seize opportunities others miss. I remember early on when I faced a business decision that felt risky. I could play it safe or I could invest in a new product line that might not succeed. Rather than letting fear dictate my choice, I studied the market, talked to experts, and ran small tests. I never bet the farm, but I committed enough to learn and grow. That decision to manage risk instead of avoiding it opened doors to greater profits and experience. Another key to managing risk is understanding your own limits and capacity. The wealthy know how much risk they can afford to take without jeopardizing their foundation. This is not about having a safety net for the faint hearted about knowing your numbers, your business, and your tolerance. Risk is a tool, but only if wielded wisely. Ultimately, the rich understand that every great reward requires some uncertainty. If you want to build wealth, you must get comfortable with uncertainty and develop the skill to manage it. Risk is not the enemy. It's a necessary partner on the path to success. When you calculate and manage your risks, you don't just survive uncertainty, you thrive in it. Step forward with wisdom, not fear. Plan your risks carefully, but never let the fear of the unknown stop you from pursuing the rewards you deserve. Fear thrives on uncertainty and that's why it has such a strong grip on so many people. When you don't know what's coming, your mind fills the gaps with worstc case scenarios. You imagine all the ways things could go wrong, and that fear freezes you in place. It keeps you stuck, watching others move ahead while you remain on the sidelines. But the secret to breaking free from that trap is education and preparation. When you learn, you take the unknown and make it known. You turn uncertainty into opportunity. Wealthy people understand this deeply. They invest in knowledge as a way to shrink fear's power. Instead of hoping for luck, they prepare for what's ahead. When you educate yourself about a new business, investment, or skill, you remove the guesswork. The whatifs become what's next. Preparation arms you with confidence. And confidence is the antidote to fear. I've seen this firsthand in my own life. Early on, I was terrified to step into public speaking. The fear of judgment, failure, and embarrassment nearly kept me silent. But I decided to study, practice, and prepare relentlessly. Each book I read, every speech I delivered chipped away at that fear. What was once a paralyzing unknown became a mastered skill and a door to new opportunities. Education transformed my fear into power. This principle applies to wealth building, too. People who want to grow their money but are afraid of investing often suffer from a lack of knowledge. The stock market, real estate, or starting a business can seem like mysterious, risky worlds. But those who take the time to learn through books, mentors, seminars, or courses reduce that fear dramatically. They begin to see patterns, understand risks, and spot chances that others miss. Preparation also means planning for setbacks. The rich don't pretend that everything will go smoothly. They anticipate challenges and build safety nets. They have emergency funds, diversified investments, and contingency plans. This preparation further reduces fear, allowing them to take calculated risks with peace of mind. Remember, fear is often just a signal pointing to where you need to grow. When you meet it with education and preparation, it loses its ability to hold you back. You replace hesitation with action and doubt with determination. This mindset shift is what separates those who remain poor in spirit and finances from those who break free and create lasting wealth. Don't run from fear. Study it. Learn everything you can about what scares you. Prepare yourself to face it head on. In doing so, you turn fear's greatest weapon, uncertainty, into your greatest advantage. Taking small, consistent risks is like training your mind and spirit for the challenges that wealth demands. It's not about leaping blindly into danger, but about building the muscle of courage step by step. The rich understand this deeply. Risk is not a one-time event, but a habit to daily practice that reshapes who you are and expands what you believe is possible. When you start with small risks, you're not just testing the waters. You're training yourself to move beyond fear little by little. It might be as simple as speaking up in a meeting, making a new connection, or investing a modest amount of money. Each small action taken consistently does more than just produce a result. It rewires your mindset. You begin to see that risk is not the enemy, but a necessary part of growth. Confidence doesn't come from luck or talent alone. It's earned through repeated experience. The wealthy know this. So they don't wait for perfect conditions or a big break. They take calculated risks regularly, learning from every success and failure. That steady pattern of action builds a foundation of trust in your self trust that you can handle uncertainty and come out stronger. In my own journey, I started small. I wasn't born into wealth, nor did I have big resources to risk. But I learned early on that waiting for perfect timing was just an excuse to avoid discomfort. So I embraced small challenges. Whether it was trying new ideas, meeting new people, or speaking publicly. Each risk, no matter how minor, added a brick to the foundation of my confidence. This habit of embracing risk also shifts your comfort zone. Comfort zones are like fences that keep you confined to what's safe and known. But each time you step outside, even in a small way, you push that fence a little further. Over time, your comfort zone expands and what once felt impossible or frightening becomes manageable. Wealthb buildinging requires this expanded comfort zone because money often flows to those willing to move where others won't. It flows to the people who can make decisions despite uncertainty and act when others hesitate. The rich don't get paralyzed by fear. They act consistently even when the outcome isn't guaranteed. The key is not reckless gambling but consistent thoughtful action. Small, deliberate risks create momentum. That momentum builds confidence which leads to bigger risks and bigger rewards. The habit of embracing risk becomes a powerful cycle each success feeds courage and each failure teaches resilience. So don't wait for a giant leap. Start today with small risks that push your boundaries. Make a call you've been putting off. Invest in your education. Volunteer for a challenge. Over time, these small acts will transform you. Your mindset will shift from one of fear to one of possibility. Remember, it's the habit of taking risk that separates the wealthy from the rest. Develop that habit and you will grow richer, not just in money, but in confidence, courage, and character. Risk without discipline is nothing more than gambling. And gambling is a game that most will lose over time. The difference between throwing your money away on a whim and making it work for you lies in careful planning and disciplined execution. Wealth is not built on luck or chance. It is built on calculated risks, on investment decisions backed by knowledge and a strategy to protect what you have. The rich understand that every risk carries a potential downside and it's foolish to ignore that. But they don't let fear of loss stop them either. Instead, they approach risk like a business. They gather information, analyze the possibilities, and prepare for what could go wrong. This preparation isn't just about avoiding failure. It's about having a clear plan to minimize the impact of mistakes so that setbacks don't destroy their progress. When I first started in business, I learned the hard way about the dangers of reckless risk-taking. I once invested in an opportunity that promised big returns but lacked a solid plan for downside protection. The result was a painful loss. But from that experience, I learned the vital lesson that risk must be managed, not ignored. It was discipline and planning that transformed my approach going forward. True investment means knowing your limits. It means never putting all your eggs in one basket and having reserves to fall back on if the unexpected happens. The wealthy diversify their risks, spreading them across different ventures, assets, or strategies. This diversification is not about avoiding risk. It's about managing it wisely. They also use tools to protect themselves. Contracts, insurance, partnerships, and exit strategies. When you have a plan that anticipates risks and charts a way to handle them, fear loses its grip. You can move forward with confidence because you're not blindly stepping into the unknown. you're stepping into a carefully prepared path. Discipline and risk also means controlling your emotions. It's easy to get swept up in excitement or fear, but the wealthy train themselves to make decisions based on facts and reason. They keep their emotions in check, which allows them to stay focused on long-term goals rather than short-term thrills or anxieties. This disciplined approach to risk is what separates the investor from the gambler. Investors understand that losses are part of the journey, but they never allow losses to be catastrophic. They see risk as a tool, not a trap. It's a tool that when wielded with care, can build wealth steadily over time. So before you take your next risk, ask yourself, do I have a plan? Have I considered what could go wrong and how I will handle it? Have I prepared myself emotionally to stay steady no matter what happens? If the answer is yes, then you're not gambling, you're investing. Remember, the path to wealth isn't about avoiding risk. It's about managing risk with discipline. That discipline will protect you and empower you to take the steps that lead to lasting success. Fear has a way of wearing many masks, and one of the most convincing disguises it wears is that of practicality. When fear whispers, "You can't afford to take that chance," or, "It's too risky," it often sounds like common sense. But true practicality is not the cautious voice that holds you back. It is the boldness that propels you forward despite uncertainty. It's the understanding that real progress requires movement, not hesitation. I remember early in my journey, I was faced with a choice that seemed impractical to many. leaving a steady job to start a business with no guarantee of success. Many called it reckless, but deep down I knew that bold action was the only practical step if I wanted something different in my life. Boldness isn't about being reckless. It's about being decisive in the face of fear, knowing that standing still guarantees no growth. The wealthy understand this well. They don't wait for fear to vanish because fear rarely disappears completely. Instead, they learn to act decisively, using fear as a signal to prepare better, but never as a reason to stop. The difference between staying poor and becoming rich, often comes down to this. Those who prosper take action when others hesitate when others say, "Wait until the coast is clear." The truth is, the coast never clears completely. Being practical means balancing risk with opportunity. It means making decisions grounded in reality but fueled by a vision that demands courage. The rich know that practicality is not about avoiding risk but about embracing the right risks at the right time. They move with intention understanding that boldness is the engine that drives all achievement. Fear disguises itself as practicality because it wants you to settle for less. It wants you to accept the status quo and avoid the discomfort that comes with growth. But growth by its very nature requires discomfort. Wealth requires bold decisions. Decisions that may feel risky but are calculated, informed, and purposeful. If you want to break free from fear's grip, start by recognizing when practicality is really fear in disguise. Ask yourself, am I holding back because I am truly weighing risks wisely, or am I avoiding action because I'm afraid? True practicality pushes you to prepare, to plan, but also to move. It refuses to let fear freeze you in place. Remember, wealth doesn't come to the cautious who wait for perfect conditions. It comes to those who step forward boldly, who make decisions despite fear, who understand that fear is not the enemy, but a compass guiding them toward what matters most. Practicality and boldness are not opposites. They must work together if you want to build lasting success. Move decisively, even when fear tries to tell you otherwise. That is the mark of the millionaire mindset. Failure often gets painted as the villain in the story of success. But the truth is far different. Failure itself is not the enemy. It's the fear of failure that paralyzes us and keeps us stuck where we don't belong. Wealth and success demand a mindset that treats failure not as a catastrophe but as feedback a lesson that teaches you how to get better, stronger, and wiser. I've seen many people crippled by the mere thought of failing. They avoid opportunities, hold back their talents, and settle for less because they fear falling short. Yet the wealthy understand something very important. Failure is part of the journey, an inevitable stepping stone on the path to achievement. When I first started, I faced my share of failures. Deals fell through, plans didn't work out, and ideas that seemed promising didn't pan out. But I never saw those moments as reasons to quit. Instead, I learned from them, adjusted my approach, and kept moving forward. The difference between those who succeed and those who remain poor is not that the rich never fail, but that they never let failure define them. They refuse to be victims of fear. Instead, they use failure as a teacher, a guidepost, showing them what doesn't work so they can discover what does. Every setback holds a lesson. Every no brings you closer to the right. Yes. Fear of failure breeds hesitation, and hesitation steals opportunity. But when you shift your perspective, failure becomes a tool, a necessary one for growth and wealth building. The rich don't avoid failure. They embrace it with the understanding that each failure brings valuable information. It's a trial and error process that leads to mastery. This mindset of embracing failure also requires resilience. You must be willing to get up repeatedly, dust yourself off, and keep going. It's not the falling down that matters. It's the rising up that defines your future. The wealthy are persistent because they see failure not as defeat, but as part of the process. You don't have to wait until you feel fearless to take action. You only need to acknowledge that failure is not your enemy. Fear of failure is. When you realize that every failure is just feedback pushing you forward, you free yourself from the paralysis that fear creates. So don't let fear of failure hold you back. View every stumble as a lesson, every mistake as a step closer to success. Keep learning, keep trying, and remember that wealth belongs to those who refuse to be stopped by fear. The path may be tough, but every failure along the way is proof that you're moving forward. Taking risks is not just a matter of jumping in blindly or following a gut feeling. It demands emotional control, a mastery over one's feelings that separates those who build lasting wealth from those who fall prey to impulse and regret. The rich understand that emotions can cloud judgment, turning promising opportunities into disastrous mistakes if allowed to run unchecked. In my own journey, I quickly learned that the difference between a good decision and a bad one often came down to how well I managed my emotions. When fear or excitement took the reigns, my decisions were reactive driven by momentary feelings rather than thoughtful analysis. But when I cultivated emotional discipline, I was able to step back, assess the situation with clarity, and make choices rooted in reason and long-term vision. Emotions, especially fear, tend to push us toward avoidance, while greed or excitement may push us to act recklessly. Neither extreme serves the goal of wealth building. The wealthy recognize that emotions will arise in every financial decision, but they refuse to be controlled by them. Instead, they train themselves to respond thoughtfully, balancing risk with reason. This mastery doesn't mean being emotionless. It means acknowledging feelings but not letting them dictate your actions. When faced with a risk, the rich take a moment to breathe, reflect, and gather information before moving forward. This pause allows rational thinking to guide their steps rather than impulsive reactions. I recall times when an investment or business decision stirred excitement that nearly rushed me into action, but experience taught me to temper that excitement with due diligence and patience. Conversely, fear tried to paralyze me on several occasions, but I learned to observe that fear without yielding to it. It became a signal to prepare better, not to retreat. Emotional control is like a muscle that strengthens with use. The more you practice making decisions calmly, the better you become at separating your feelings from your facts. This skill is crucial because wealth is rarely built in moments of panic or frenzy. It's built in steady, rational progress. When you master your emotions, you're better equipped to navigate uncertainty and seize opportunities others miss. You transform risk from a source of anxiety into a calculated step forward. This balance between heart and mind is what empowers the rich to take risks wisely, avoiding the traps of rash decisions and mischances. So remember, managing your feelings is not a sign of weakness, it's a mark of strength. To take the risks necessary for building wealth, you must learn to control your emotions, allowing logic and discipline to steer your journey toward success. Surrounding yourself with risk-takers is one of the most powerful moves you can make if you want to change your financial destiny. Wealthy people don't just stumble into success alone. They intentionally surround themselves with others who embrace boldness and courage. This isn't about reckless behavior, but about adopting the mindset and habits of those who understand that risk, managed wisely, is the gateway to opportunity. In my experience, the company you keep shapes how you think, how you react, and what you believe is possible. When I was younger, I noticed that being around cautious, fearful people only reinforced my own fears. Their doubts became my doubts. But when I began spending time with entrepreneurs, investors, and others who faced risks head-on, I found my mindset shifting. Their stories, attitudes, and even their language rewired my way of thinking. It's like a contagious energy. When you hear people talk about calculated risks, learning from failures, and chasing opportunities despite uncertainty, it rewires your brain to see risk as a tool instead of a threat. You start to internalize the idea that growth happens on the other side of fear. Their habits become your habits. The habit of preparing, the habit of moving forward even when the outcome is unknown. The habit of seeing failure is feedback. I remember once sitting with a group of investors who openly discussed their recent ventures and the risks they had taken. Their confidence wasn't arrogance, but a quiet assurance built on experience and knowledge. Listening to them changed how I viewed my own opportunities. It pushed me to take steps I might otherwise have avoided. This principle goes beyond just learning new ideas. It changes your entire emotional relationship with risk. When you're around risk-takers, fear loses its grip, replaced by a practical understanding that uncertainty is a natural part of any worthwhile journey. You start to see risk as a chance to stretch yourself rather than a reason to retreat. That's why the wealthy choose their circle carefully. They look for those who inspire courage, those who challenge their thinking, and those who hold them accountable. You become the average of the five people you spend the most time with. And if those people are bold risk-takers, your mindset will inevitably shift. So if you want to grow wealth, start by growing your circle. Seek out those who push boundaries, who think big, and who aren't afraid to fail forward. Let their energy rewire your mindset and watch how it transforms your ability to take the risks necessary for success. Wealth has a curious way of rewarding those who act despite fear, not those who wait for fear to vanish before taking a step forward. I have seen it time and again. The greatest fortunes, the most lasting successes are not built by those who avoid risk altogether, but by those who learn to embrace it intelligently and persistently. Fear is a natural feeling. It signals caution, but it must never become a barrier to action.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EmmanuelKiprotich-f2k [1 likes]: No risk, no reward? I'm sure some people have heard of “no risk, no reward.” For those who haven't, it is a colloquial saying basically meaning if you don't take chances (aka risk) then you'll never reap the benefits (aka rewards).
@Manuzzzpro💷💷💷

- Why the Rich Think Differently: Millionaire Mindset & Wealth Secrets - Kunal Shah |FO389 Raj Shamani: Kind: captions Language: en You feel successful people don't gossip. >> Successful people actually are extraordinary at keeping secrets. They gossip to know information. You will never see a wealthy person who's terrible at keeping secrets. The moment second third generation who's not good at keeping secrets the wealth will go away. Were you good at keeping secrets from childhood? I was good at keeping people's trust. Tweet that you did. Fastest way to be called stupid in life is to have an opinion about power or politics. Why? You will notice that people who talk a lot about politics are usually powerless in life. What is your fear today? >> Fear of the poor. Nobody really wants to hang around with poor people. >> You've also said somewhere most Indians settle for average career. >> What's the truth about discipline and ambitious? Because a lot of people think they're ambitious. >> Most ambitious people will never say they're ambitious. They are just doing stuff, building stuff. They don't write all these tag words on their Twitter or Instagram or LinkedIn. There are many people who are famous for being cringe. You won't respect them. Do you have any insecurity? At times, even when you're doing everything right, something still goes wrong. Like you are all ready for a shoot, but you realize you forgot the mic. Or a teammate needs a document, but there's no one free to go drop it. These problems slow you down. That's why I use Porto. It helps me save time and effort by offering ondemand two-wheer and truck delivery services for all small and big things as per my needs. Their instant pickup and reliable deliveries not only reduce effort but also bring peace of mind. And it doesn't matter if you're a freelancer, a startup or an established company. Pis delivery and our today's guest Kunal Sha founder of cred also agrees with this way of thinking. He doesn't just spot problems before other people. He questions why they exist and how he can fix them. In today's episode, he talks about what is his biggest fear right now. What is he chasing? Fame, power, or money? Can someone build ambition like a skill? Why are we not acceptable of failure as a society? How can a person go from being mediocre to earning a place with an A+ crowd? And why is being a trustworthy person a huge part of success? Watch this episode till the end and tell me in the comments what did you learn from this conversation. Like my first big podcast I was just telling my team. >> Oh is that true? >> First I've done 50 60 episodes. >> Yours was the first and I did it >> and I remember the first line and we put it out in podcast as well. View podcast start. I'm nervous >> and you tell me. >> You remember it was incredible. I I do remember >> but like it's it's like kudos to you man. It is not uh it is absolutely elite athlete level achievement what you've done. Pretty cool man. >> Thank you. It means a lot. >> No no it is it is it is what is this like credit where it's due man. This is this is extraordinary work. >> Thank you so much. >> And and I can tell you it may look easy from outside. I know. Uh it has must have been a nightmare getting to this place. How old are you now? >> I'm 28. >> That's even more commendable, man. Good stuff. >> Thank you. Done. I'm actually happy. I was nervous. I'm a fan more than and more than the kunala. The person I'm fan of kunal sha the person who tweets born and brought up. I'm actually born uh in Ahmedabad. My mom's from here but I've always been here. So my I was like raised >> Bangalore. Bombay. >> No Bombay only. >> Okay. >> Bangalore is only less Indian. >> Yeah. It's just that I never got like good at it. >> Uh I can speak uh it's not that I can't speak Hindi but I know that I will struggle with words. >> You think in English? >> That's a good question. I don't know what language I think in >> but you read and consume everything in English. >> H no I I do consume in multiple languages. It's just that I don't know what language do I think in become a I think it's become a mixture now. Okay. >> Is it work? I don't know. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe I don't I don't have conversations with myself when I'm thinking. Okay. >> I'm usually just as a triggers then I go externally. That's a good question. Wow. Maybe I've stopped. Wow. I'm trying to think on which language I'm thinking. I'm not able to. I think it's reached into some kind of a like languageless thinking approach now. It's just more of like triggers and >> I think it's multiple languages. >> Multiple things together. >> Yeah. It's like a full ADHD brain. So it's a little >> Okay. Try to break it down for me. For example, let's say behavior, human behavior, all of these things, right? So you said you get triggers and it triggers something in you like okay what goes on so I think uh step by step actually opinion comes after thinking about for probably months and years. Uh I don't think observe and I get an opinion. I usually I'm observing observing observing observing and pattern and then I see the pattern being a larger pattern about something and then I try to capture it in one sentence so that I can register it as a pattern. >> Right? So example um I I observed historically shameful method is to convert that into pride. Cigarettes used to be back in the day something as a shameful behavior. So they showed mal broman this that pride all of that and then converted that into normalized behavior. Right? If you see uh the the the recent times where we now accepted homosexuality as uh a thing, it went through a moment of first being proud about it, right? And like if you see the the pride parades or whatever are are a method. So you'll notice that anything about human beings that was historically shameful or treated shamefully converted into pride and then became normal. >> So it's an interesting thing that how is this pattern repeats again and again and again. So I always observe these things and say yeah and then I see if it's true. So what I do is then I try to find more examples and now with chat GP I could actually get 10 examples of it and then you're like oh wow like this is again and again and again repeating so what I try to do is find observations see if it's widespread and then capture the essence key >> see because you're talking about observation and shame M >> one thing which is very shameful today is failure. >> When you fail in public >> okay >> and that probably is something that we need to because I was reading bunch of your tweets >> that is something that we need to get over in order to try more or maybe succeed as a society in a better way. >> Right? >> How do you think that will happen first? Actually why do you think failure is seen as a shameful event in our country? See the thing is the uh first of all let's just understand how we are raised. Uh there is this perpetual fear. Everybody is living in some version of fear. Society fear exam fear and and we also raise kids through fear. Okay, if you do not do this, this will happen. Nobody will respect you. All of that stuff, right? So when your default state is fear, failure is the dreaded, right? Uh and that causes the society to feel safe in some ways, right? But it makes it is very common in the emotional societies. For example, India was completely apathy or complete panic. >> Right? You will notice one more thing that Indians when they rate an app they will do one star or five star two three four star right because that's an emotional response. YouTube used to be have earlier different ratings if you remember then it moved to up thumbs up and thumbs down. Yeah, >> right. Cuz that's how emotional reactions are, right? I and that's like, oh, I'm a fan and then if they don't do well, oh, we'll hate, >> right? And and therefore I I often say that we like to create gods out of people and then do vis of them, right? And that's how we feel okay about >> So I think what happens is failure part, right? comes from what do we celebrate? Right? Uh now risky behavior resulted in you being left out in the society and the society had no way to bring you up or whatever and you would be like treated as somebody who has bad judgment. risk simple simple for example let's say our movement as a society from saving account to fixed deposits to investing in mutual funds to investing in stocks is a journey >> right >> and you will see that different communities in different societies for example business families had a very different relationship with money >> because risk was innate to you notice that they were the earliest to adopt the riskier part of life >> true >> but when you see younger people they are now adopting riskier faster because their household is safe. For example, you did not have to think about fair. >> So your failure ability or your risk appetite changed materially. the next generation will be significantly much more attuned to failure because the failure doesn't mean like I have had stages of life where I did not have money to eat right and you are literally I would go I remember like buying chana on credit chana singh on credit >> right so that has a very different tolerance sometimes losing everything also makes you very good at failure Right. If you notice somebody that because it's so close to zero. Yeah. >> So you will see that people who have less money are doing more riskier behavior >> right like for example people who are getting caught in investment scams this that they're like okay small money. M >> so I think failure comes in a mixed thing but culturally we are a collectivist society collective society simp >> right when we were you would remember that your grandparents would tell you that and we used to wear the same shirt right but now imagine trying to tell three cousins you're going to wear the same clothes it's not okay they have become individuals now right so as we move from let's say a non-indiv individualistic society to individualistic we will get to more failure understanding choices and so on and so forth but there's another thing that is happening which is preventing failure again >> is people fearing their social media followers >> right that let's say you are a young person and you have like managed to get 2,000 followers in your head you're already a celebrity Raj you will remember when you had 50,000 followers and you would get 40 likes, your reaction would be the same as today at millions of followers, right? The the threshold has changed. >> Yeah. >> Right. But unfortunately, we get shaped by our audience, which is a problematic loop. Right? For example, >> when I tweet, I am not thinking about likes because if I was thinking about likes, I know exactly how to get them. I can say emotions capture you'll get consistently but I write for myself >> right so you will see from a 50 likes to a 50,000 likes coming together it's not consistent because I don't care about the audience but what you'll notice is that eventually everybody starts caring and if you're a young person you start thinking about the 2,000 followers and what will they like what will they judge me for what are they going to think about me? And then your personality starts getting shaped through the views of these 2,000 people that you would otherwise not care about. So that's becoming a problematic loop for >> it's a very big trap because everybody is like trying so hard to differentiate now right when I was growing up social media pre- internet when I was in college in my first year second year internet has not become big yet like a group of 10 you could be different in that right jeans right difference. >> But now when you are being trying to be different with 2,000 followers, you have to find different way to be aesthetic. You have to find a different way to be cool. Travel to unique places that nobody has been to. Capture the same thing differently, right? Go to some music festival, but take a very different clip of that music festival so that you feel cool. or you are closer to the stage or not closer to the stage to to signal that okay I'm in the more important place or not right uh uh capturing unique food >> so that you feel that I try different things and so on and so forth so this deep need to differentiate is frying people's brain >> right like for example you are going and getting Vijay Malia on the podcast is your breaking out of differentiation right it's a it's a thing that is needed Because how would people find that? Okay. What is the thing difference that you bring to the table? >> Why do you think it's a bad thing? >> It's not a bad thing. It it's just very taxing. It's not bad thing. I'm just saying first of all, one thing we should avoid Raj is that categorizing things in good and bad. >> It's the simplest form of doing this this we should never do that. >> Uh there is no no such thing as good and bad. Everything has lots of nuance. Let's say if you have the capability to differentiate, by all means do it, right? But if you do not have the capability and you're trying very hard, it is very mentally taxing. But don't you think if you keep trying to do that, maybe you'll find a differentiator and that will act as a proof for you in one area of life which will help you in other areas of life as well. >> Yes and no. uh eventually what you will realize is that 99.9% of humans have non- differentiated but they are now being told by all these people that you have to be different right and therefore we capture try to capture every trend and say okay I'm going to be this and if you look at fashion cycles used to earlier take multiple years to get outdated now they get outdated very quickly right and and what we call as fast fashion is nothing Oh, somebody wore this. Now it's everybody doing it. Now it's gone in months. In weeks. >> You you saw the whole labubu hype kind of go and crash >> in weeks. When I was growing up, some of these trends would last for a decade before it disappears. So we are hyperconnected. >> So the cycles are moving very fast and that is very hard for a lot of people to keep up. people like feel brain fried that like how do I keep up to this thing? So a lot of people choose to not showcase themselves at all. They become observers >> because they just accept that I can't keep up. Right. I'm I'm sure you feel overwhelmed that this is like like I saw in your office you put numbers of all these things that you want to achieve and it's hard. >> It's hard. It's not easy to constantly keep breaking out and doing stuff. Obviously you have to be driven differently to do this but not everybody is driven differently. What I'm saying is that that comparison right that oh I will never be this scale I will never be that right for example when I used to do my version of cred curious I never cared about views I was very curious >> earlier I used to do this privately for my team then my team is like let's make it public and it became popular but I didn't care about the views because I was genuinely doing it from my own thing but the moment you start thinking about those metrics versus own curiosity things change right because now you know exactly what if you lose yourself in this what if you realize that learning now I'm getting whatever will get me applause right when a great actor starts doing stuff that will get gags and laughs from people >> because it gets views it gets me >> eventually they feel that void that I've stopped being a great actor. >> So like this is called the panding to the audience like you eventually getting to a place where oh my god this is who I've become. >> Yeah you know I'll talk about me a little bit and then we'll go back to the fear conversation. So what has really helped us is us not bothering about views during the conversation. perfect like that and I can tell you by far every member in the team we know this when we prepare for a podcast when we choose the guest and when we do the podcast we give zero views >> we're like okay sometimes we prepare 500 things and we end up talking about none because we're just curious and we are in the conversation want to learn >> that has really helped us >> that's good >> so that the only objective is can we learn and understand something out of this. >> Oh, that's perfect. As long as you do this consistently like till now in every conversation we've done this what we do is once the conversation is out >> like once this is done like this job is done >> then we try to think okay now how do we make best out of whatever we've gotten >> the process of views doesn't start before we've shot the podcast >> perfect that's actually quite cool uh I think one topic to touch upon on fear is uh best People convert fear into curiosity. >> What do you mean? Explain. >> See, everybody has fear. >> Guaranteed. >> Agreed. >> Some people have a very different reaction to fear. Most people have a reaction, shut down, go in shell, not act. Small percent of people convert their fear into curiosity. >> Right? Let's say people who do adventure sport, are they not fearful? They absolutely are. >> But there is this curiosity that takes over. They convert that fear into this weird curiosity. Yeah. >> And it appeals to them. That risk, that curiosity appeals to them so much and they continue to do well. Right. Right. And uh that actually allows them to propel forward in life. All right. So converting fear to curiosity where where you're like, "Oh my god, let me see." Like there is this weird thing that attracts you, risk attracts you, right? Uh like a lot of people like talk about Elon Musk and say that he has no ability to process risk. And it's probably true. the kind of stuff that he constantly does, you're like, I can't believe that the guy is doing this, right? But there is this natural attraction to risk with judgment, right? See, if you're just attracted to risk, you can also be called a gambler. But the moment you combine the judgment ability with risk tolerance or risk attraction, you will see those guys do well. >> True. Do you al don't you feel most people who are successful quote and go in different different ways don't you feel they are more driven out of fear of inefficiency or fear of uh fear of not being at a place where they come from or where they are today. So it's mostly the fear which is driving them to change. So in some cases fear is actually really helping people to move forward not in terms of attraction or curiosity but just in feel of I don't want to be suffocated by staying in that one place. >> I think uh it's not always fear they are escaping they are just escaping. So there are different things people escape. >> Okay? Right? People are escaping their trauma, people are escaping their circumstances, people are escaping their fear, people are escaping their identity, people are escaping their country, people are escaping their society, people are escaping their relationships. Escaping drives people, right? Uh fear is just one of them. But you will notice one thing that uh most successful people are some version of OCD. They are repeating this pattern again and again and again and again and again without any drive coming from outside. >> Right. They are self fueling mechanism. They don't need motivational speakers by the way. >> True. >> Right. You will never see driven people driven by motivational speakers. Right. So almost a reverse trend. People who need motivational speakers are unlikely to be driven, right? Uh and and which is if you think about it is a business-breaking line to make. But the thing is that people who are escaping something, they don't have time for motivational speakers. >> They just want to just be at it at it. At it at it, at it. Imagine the best athlete. Imagine imagine the best entrepreneur. They're just at it. They're escaping. They're escaping their their they they're escaping their irre relevance. They're escaping their current state. They are feeling inadequate. Right? I have met many many successful people. Everybody is like achieve life >> like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I have done nothing. I have become irrelevant. I have done this. I have not understand this. I I have no understanding of AI. I'm this and that. They are just like driven in a very weird manner. >> Right. And they're always escaping something, escaping their status quo mostly, right? And what drives them is the OCD, which is obsessive compulsive disorder almost, right? And now we say these words in form of disease and and illnesses. Uh uh but the thing is it's a state. >> Yeah. Right. If you see ever and I would I would encourage like a lot of people to find a way to observe an elite athlete training like you will see something very different, right? What have you observed >> for example their consistency to do something for 3 4 8 hours a day which is physically taxing right and there is nobody is no nobody's enjoying that nobody's enjoying that >> you can see but that drive to just be at it at it at it and almost that they can't live without that don't you think that's fear of not being able to live up to potential or maybe fear of being average >> it's not always fear some people driven through their trauma. >> There is no fear. They're just traumatized and they want to escape that trauma. They want to escape that feeling of being alone sometimes. Sometimes people are workaholic because if they left alone to themselves, they'll be fearful about meeting themselves. >> Right. So you have to understand that these things are driven from multiple places. Uh uh sometimes you're also in the company of driven people and that drives you. >> Right? uh we are we are always the average of five people we spend time with. >> You believe by >> absolutely believe it right and therefore a lot of people who are growing find it hard to keep the same friends now that's a problematic line for most Indians >> and we are very fearful of that line. >> But that is likely to happen. Why do you think we are fearful that when >> because we are a collectivist society that like we have to meet everybody's expectation. See back before social media >> it was impossible to keep up with all the friends. You move to a different city >> somewhere else. You move to a different country something else this now with social media like you are connected to everyone sub happy birthday right earlier it was impossible to do. We would evolve into the circles we were spending time with. >> But social media has this weird thing of keeping us grounded to the same realities. >> But it's hard to keep up because you only have 24 hours. >> M, >> right? >> Do people tell you >> what that you have changed or you have grown or you have >> I'm sure they do. But I have a very selective filter on what I hear in life. Uh >> uh because for me I'm always going to be there for people who need me. M >> but my time is something that I protect because that's the currency you and I or anybody else has very less of right often sometimes it's easier to help somebody need something but giving time consistently right I think we have to be all in environments which is constantly growing us >> right uh for example the reason I am not in favor of work from home which is a very problematic topic is all the growth happens in the company of people you keep not about working somewhere if you work from home and you chose to be around five really smart people at your home who are working along with you I'm all for work from home where you will discuss something at lunch discuss something at dinner discuss something while playing a game with them uh and you're constantly making each other better then by all means work from home. >> M >> but if you are going to be in a place where I'm avoiding commute, I'm avoiding this rent. You've made a terrible decision for your life because remember all the times we learned was in the company of great people, right? And you're like, "Oh my god." Then we reflect on what these guys said or she said something so interesting or he said something so interesting and I'm like, "Wow." Like it hit me. >> Right. And that becomes your system. >> But now I don't know uh you spend more time with reals and shots uh than really good people >> and therefore now you meet almost everyone they are like the last 10 reels that they have watched. like that's their average personality right now. That is not good because if you ask them there's no substance. >> Yeah, that is so true. That is so so true. You know, you tweeted something about it. You said mediocre people often have a clear tell. You'll often see them hanging out with other mediocre people probably because the A+ folks avoid them. Now when you said that most of the people are average of the five people they hang out with and if you come from a mediocre background and you are a mediocre person in how do you break out of this? How do you go to the A+ category because A+ folks are avoiding them? >> Yeah. First of all A+ folks feel they're mediocre. >> I don't think if the mediocre people feel they are mediocre. That's number one. Number two is it's a relative term right there is no categorization plus a mediocre right it's a spectrum like and we all know yeah >> there's ranking system that exists on human beings for example uh if we have to rank kunal and raj on understanding of content you would be like miles ahead of me right on on some topics I would be miles ahead of you and that's what humans are right for example if both of us have to think about who's the best person to understand ours maybe it's not us it's a friend of ours who's very very good at it and they are miles ahead so there's a spectrum in each of these things but anybody who's excellent at anything is not accidentally excellent at anything >> nobody's gifted to be oh I am good at cars or I'm good at content it happens because they are obsessive about this and get there right now if you're in a company of people who obsess about anything, you learn something from them. >> You meet a musician, you meet an athlete, you you meet a startup entrepreneur, you meet somebody who's building great content the way you're doing and you'll always learn, right? And is that the relationship? What I'm saying is that if a relationship is not teaching you something but are only validating you, then growth is limited. H >> how do you find these people who teach us >> they always exist uh I think people who make us uncomfortable are a good set >> that's a good >> right because if you think they are right but it offends you that's the exact person to spend time with >> but what we do is we judge the tone of their feedback I don't judge tone of feedback of anyone anybody who mocks me or takes a shot at me or whatever and if they have some good lesson I I will only remember the lesson. I will not remember what the tone was and I will not even remember who the person was. But people have so I often say this but I'll repeat it like people have substance and their own perception about themselves. It's easiest to offend people. >> Right. But this gap exists only when you have not improved this part right uh for for example uh if you told me that kunal you are so old right yeah I am older to you so it's a fact how can I be offended by that but a lot of people get offended by these words right I often say that oh kunal so if somebody calls you overweight but that's a act on all mathematical ways at the right answer but if I am like cancel so I think we have reached a point where we have taken so much pride in being offended the good news is you put content out there of being offended you get too many likes >> so you think it's a great quality to have so you see so many people on social are per perpetually putting their outrage out there of being offended >> because multiple people like I also agree with this and then they want to be part of that tribe. >> But the really good people or people who are growing people or compounding people have no time to mock someone or be offended by someone. They're too busy achieving what they need to achieve. >> They don't care. >> Right? Like I often say that if you bark back at a dog, are you a dog? >> It's as simple as that. >> You've you tweeted something on this. >> All mockery is accepting lower status. H >> Yeah, it's it's funny, right? But we will never mock somebody who's lower status than us. Imagine you are meeting with friends and you are mocking your staff who drives you. Have you ever seen that behavior? But we all get together and mock our bosses, mock politicians, mock somebody because it allows people to create a tribe. But that's a very cheap way to build bonds. >> But most people do that and they cherish it. Why? >> But most people are also not successful. No, >> you feel successful people don't gossip. >> They they gossip for a very different intent. They gossip to know information. >> Interesting. >> Or improve their intelligence about something. >> It's not their need. extraordinary at keeping secrets. You will never see a wealthy person who's terrible at keeping secrets. >> You will say transfer. They become the hoarder of asymmetric insights and therefore you create trust with them. Think about all your friends that you say. You can't trust them. They might be fun, entertaining to go out with, >> but you would not share very intimate information with them that can be damaging to you. >> Yeah, >> that is so true. You share certain insights with people who you trust and who can keep secrets and they're often the people who are at the higher status than you or maybe in the group >> or are likely to be more successful in the future as well. >> Likely to be more. ucing people who are able to keep secrets at a young age. >> See uh >> are likely to be more successful in future. >> So let's just let's just break the all the people who are very successful or wealthy at least >> are going to be somebody who are Right? Which means they don't feel the need. Yeah. Right. Most people the way they remain interesting is to gossip. M >> content and they have to tell people about it and that's how they remain interesting right some people you share something with them you know >> they hold it now I'm not saying that this cohort is likely to become successful because there are other factors that come into being successful but you will rarely see somebody who's successful who doesn't have this trait okay no fair so all wealthy people are good secret keepers That's what you're saying. So it's like a first level. First first >> in fact what you will see is that the moment second third generation who's not good at keeping secrets the wealth will again go away. It's like wealth. Yeah. Wealth is like flows forward. >> Have you seen that? >> Yeah. You will see it. Observe it next time. >> Like the second third generation is not good at keeping secrets. The money will flow through them. >> Were you good at keeping secrets from childhood? I think I was good at keeping people's trust. >> Explain. >> Uh when people share secrets and they can feel the trust that that was not going to be used against them, you become trustworthy. >> So it's not about secrets, it's about being more trustworthy. >> Most wealthy people will always have a strong correlation of being trustworthy. Right? And I'm not saying they are generally trustworthy, but they are specifically trustworthy. For example, banks will trust them, investors will trust them, employees will trust them, right? So, uh I think I was always the person who people knew that the gossip would not move forward. I would never encourage it. I would never uh uh uh like I would treat this as a mark of respect that somebody shared something with me. >> It's a little bit like being a goldsmith. H that if people are storing gold with you then it's >> you have to be somebody that they can be trusted with. >> But what's the difference? Let's say you you told me you had this when you were pretty young. People of your age, people in your group might not have this trait. What was the difference? What do you think is different? >> I think it probably helps to be an introvert. Like you're not trying to be interesting. >> But a lot of people try to be interesting. I know >> that's one of the things that society rewards also. >> Exactly. But I'm saying that if that being interesting comes by being the superconductor of information, right? It's unlikely to be creating respect. You'll be liked. >> So I think the key metric is people are mostly trying to be liked, >> not respected. All social media has made likes happen. Respect. Why do you think people are people want to be liked more than they want to be respected? Because when you ask people, everybody will say they want to be respected, but their actions tell you otherwise. >> It's about how we shape the society, right? Uh respect is a long-term behavior, like is a short-term behavior, Can I do one thing and be respected? No. But I can make a nice joke and I can be liked by your entire office. >> Yeah. So the world is becoming more and more short-term and less and less long-term. >> Why? >> Cuz the societyy's rewarding that right now. But every now and then the society corrects itself. >> Okay? >> Then we realize, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we can't be short-term. We have to become long-term. Right? Imagine the human invention of monogamy, relationships, marriage came from realizing, oh my god, we can't be short-term. It's not good for society. Look at religion. Every religion only does one thing. Makes you not do short-term behavior and make you do long-term behavior across any religion. >> Tribal religion to organized religion. Any country, any state. Don't do short-term behavior. Do long-term behavior. >> So that's the core thing every human realizes. Okay. And how do you think religion got invented? Because they must have seen that humans are not doing well, right? For example, do not steal. >> Because it causes a cycle of retribution and destruction, violence, death, all of that stuff. So, do not steal is be more long-term. In fact, every human behavior that we consider as bad behavior is nothing but a short-term behavior. Now where does the short-term behavior come from? Right? We have two brains. The neoortex and amydala. Amigdala is the fight orflight animal brain as we call it or the lizard brain >> which is designed for short-term. In fact, all the joyful stuff that we experience is coming from the short-term brain. >> Right. Being long-term makes us successful, makes us wealthy, makes us wise, makes us achieve long-term success, makes us healthy, builds our muscle, builds our reputation. All of that comes from there. In fact, that is the brain that tells the short brain to behave. >> Calm down. >> And it keeps getting strengthened the more and more you do it, >> practice it. But the thing is that the more we encourage the smaller brain to become the boss and therefore you'll see people who have not very long-term about things, they are either very happy or very sad. >> They have like extreme emotions, >> But people who are more neocortex oriented, they will say they're more balanced in both the situations. In fact, you will see that a lot of the uh stimulants or or or rather uh sedatives that we have are to suppress the neoortex. >> We are happier and giggly when we have alcohol, And that's exactly what it is to suspend the long-term mind. And therefore, we are likely to do more short-term behavior when we are drunk. or under some kind of a >> influence uh influence. >> So overall society is rewarding this. How do we change it? >> It's very hard. Uh society will have to realize the mistakes of it. It takes decades sometimes and >> we'll realize oh my god what have we done then we become slightly more conservative about things. We become more long-term about things. >> When did you realize that you need to be long-term not short-term? uh I think uh when you see like for example when the family went through financial crisis and uh I realized which short-term behavior caused this for the whole family right you just start thinking that you need to do more something more long-term in nature right and what I realized that what was long-term is skill reputation trust uh wisdom wisdom uh wealth, health uh and and just thinking more and more about these things, right? Uh mattered early on in life because I was never having the luxury. I have no I had no money to hang out with young friends and go for a party or being able to afford a trip. Like I didn't have the money for anything. Uh uh I probably must have taken a trip abroad for fun after many many many years. probably I was your age uh or slightly younger uh when I had done a lot of work to build first uh uh something and I think that for example we were thrown from our houses to ach loan before I traveled abroad for a vacation but the younger generation is doing the exact opposite >> because they have the support of somebody's house that they know at least my parents house is there or I can go back to their house or whatever. I didn't have any of that. So, I think sometimes not having anything long-term forces you to become long-term. >> You said most of us who are driven, they're escaping something. Were you escaping something? >> Yeah. escaping fear of uh >> poor uh uh see when you're also poor when you suddenly become poor in your family you will start seeing everybody distancing from you >> friends family nobody really wants to hang around with poor people uh especially if you have become poor through your own choices uh and like people try to keep you there but like you know that they don't like want to really hang with you. Yeah. And that drives you that okay you cannot be that right and you're escaping that in some ways but I think it becomes eventually the OCD that you want to continuously escape only right you're always thinking about I need to escape even more >> and further and further and further and it drives you >> so what is your fear today or what is escape what is escaping today >> I think my my fear always remains in that if I don't understand things for me not understanding how things work and becoming better at things that I don't have an understanding of is what drives me. Fear of irrelevance that I what if I don't understand the younger generation, right? Like what if I don't see what they're doing and and understand their patterns for example? Uh how is AI going to shape our behaviors? I'm very very interested in that. Right? Uh because this is a norm. M >> we we not realize it but maybe a large majority of people already having some version of relationship with their AI. >> And that shapes humans different. For example, let's say you are a male or female and you have a more fulfilling relationship with your child. What if you find human relationships to be suboptimal? >> Highly possible. What will happen to human society then? Like if you don't think about these things, you're unlikely to do something about it or be aware of it before it happens. See, I'm if you reduce if you have the mindset of having less and less surprises about life, >> it'll require you to constantly be aware about things. But why is this need to understand this thing? Why is this need to predict or try to find a problem which is not there yet >> but might become a problem? What drives you to actually relationship? >> I think what will you do with it? For example, can you build a business with it? Can you understand something? Can you create something? Uh for example, when we made our ads for the first time and they broke the standard format of how ads were done and credit ads became the standard of doing things, we realized that people were done with the same format of ads, right? And you had to do something that makes them come awake and notice >> and want to watch it without being interrupted >> and content versus ad that mindset. So you need to understand that the world is getting bored right for example I had written something multiple years ago that people will find it very hard to watch movies because they addicted to short dopamine cycles now and I had tweeted like many years ago that we almost feel like a meditation >> to watch a movie now right and to predict that trend and say right so for example the new format of short drama is taking off right now it nothing Not people watching a movie with 25 breaks. If you ask an average person how many times did you pause to finish a Netflix movie? The answer may be 2530. >> So there anyway is watching a movie like a short series. >> Right. To continuously watch without being distracted without being on your phone for 2 hours is getting harder. Almost impossible. In fact, I'm worried how movies are going to do well now because people find it very very hard. In fact, I know that multiple OTTs are telling content creators that please make content that people can watch along with being on their phone. >> So, how do we make money from this now? So, I see movies becoming grander >> then it affords for you to pay attention. So the movie budgets have to go crazier and you make a superhero movie and fantasy mythology movie and like you have to really raise the level. A regular story that used to be big hits before >> unlikely to work now. >> So you love to understand these patterns >> makes sense make sense of them >> and then make sense of them. So maybe it'll turn into an insight for you to build a business or it's just awareness about society and it gives you a oh I understood it >> I understood it is a bigger kick okay right but just understand but it's not that for example when we started our chat I was asking you about how you're doing things and not that I'm going to ever come and compete in the business but I have to understand >> how are you getting it right if you have managed to get from x amount of revenue to a thousandx of that revenue right now. What do people like? What do people share? What causes a reaction? What makes people uh uh come back again and again? What kind of people come? I have to understand >> and I do that not for you. I will meet a musician and ask the same question. >> I would ask Rahul Dravid the same question when I've met him. What are the new athletes all about? Right. and and uh uh and I'm I'm I'm always asking on why people's world work the way they work. >> Yeah, I remember you asked me first time as wellm like all of these I remember that you do >> Do you think it's the primary trait or a fundamental trait for a lot of young people to become successful? >> No. >> Asking questions? >> No. I I think uh understanding things is more important than asking questions. One method of understanding things is asking questions. >> Okay, >> there are other ways to do that. For example, now chat GPT is a much more efficient method to understand things and your medium of understanding things may be that >> but sometimes counter questioning for example there are different ways to use charg for example if I ask JPD that please rate me on 10 on the quality of questions I've asked you so far amongst all the people most likely it will tell you up to amazing >> but if I asked, "Can you tell me what are the five ways I can ask better questions compared to the top 1% users on this platform? Help me identify the gaps." Much better answer. >> One is validation seeking. Second is feedback seeking, >> growth seeking. >> Growth seeking, blind spot seeking. It's extraordinary at blind spot seeking. For example, if you meet somebody uh for an interview and you convince them that I would like to record this interview for my own learning and recorded the whole thing and and ask the AI that what are the 10 things I sucked at? It might tell you question. You have this anxiety to answer quickly which you will not observe in yourself. I believe every single person who should have an AI auditor of their behavior consistently. >> Wow. Imagine a coach. Imagine you have a 400 IQ tool in your pocket or grammar fix. >> How do you use it? Give me one example. >> No, this is one example. So what I what I do is I I put >> something that helped you something that gave you feedback and you fixed on it and you >> multiple things all the time. All the time observing my interviews. I'll say did I do a good job of interviewing? >> Did I actually ask the right questions? Did I listen to the candidate or interrupted them too much? >> Job interview. >> Yeah. When I'm interviewing people, then uh I have asked uh to uh observe something that I have written as a strategy and say what are the things that I've not thought about. uh I have used it uh in manners where I've said that uh I am let's say I'm this MBTI I'm add can you convert this document for somebody who is this MBTI and this add and make me readable for me amazing >> nice >> it makes it exciting for you to read the same document >> uh can I have done things where I would I have a hypothesis and put the hypothesis out there. For example, I'll tell you one recent example. >> I had a feeling that all the countries that had extreme weather became great at planning and people who do not have extreme weather are not good at planning because extreme weather forces you to have long-term thinking, right? countries. Then I noticed that it those countries also have a very unique trait of not wearing wide range of colors. So people with extreme countries, extreme weather do not have very colorful color palette in their clothes. So when you go to countries let's say Russia you will see like only six shades but if you go to a place in Gujarat vibrant colors in their shirts and and then I I noticed uh further that they are also le less likely to be emotionally expressive >> countries with extreme weather >> extreme weather and people who have less colors. And so I made this compound hypothesis and put it out there in charge GPT. I said, >> can you rate this on 10 and tell me five ways this may be wrong? Then it helped me sharpen. This is looking like 8 on 10, two on. And then I made one more hypothesis that it also makes them more wealthier. So high per capita comes from countries who are better at planning. >> But in the past per capita income was higher in countries which were more resourceful and had less extreme weather. So if you go back in history all the countries with less extreme weather were more prosperous because that causes the agricultural yield to be better. And all the technological innovation and innovation which drives planning and efficiency came in countries with extreme weather >> long-term versus short-term. >> Mhm. And what I noticed is that many languages of countries with non-extreme weather does not have the word efficiency in their language. >> Give me an example. Which country? All the countries which are not extreme weather >> one example put it >> many Asian countries >> does not have word efficiency does not exist in their language >> Hindi man >> and there's a human thing that we only act or feel a word when we know the word >> or it exists in our vocabulary. Very interesting. This is how you use chat GB. >> Wow. I'm impressed. Like this is so cool. I'm going to do that. Pretty sorted. Okay. Coming back to the conversation of we were talking about short-term, long-term escapism, fear, right? I want to ask you is there because you're talking also about wealthy countries and weather extreme countries and all of these combination. It's just a very basic question which is coming out of my head and it's like why do you think most people they work really really hard in whatever country they are still they remain poor? >> H it's a great question. Um I think um the frame to apply is what does your work solve? Right? If I'm a surgeon that is extraordinary doing bypass surgery, I work for a few hours and I make a lot of money because the problem I solve is almost life and death. With a very high chance of somebody dying. But let's say I did some work which does not solve a large problem. In fact, then it's unlikely to create more wealth. So what does it solve and what do people value at? For example, let's say both of us get together and build a company that's going to solve um challenge in a healthy manner. We found a technology or a medication or some ayurdic medication just say you'll become very wealthy >> very very wealthy >> because it's a problem that people care a lot about. But let's say we build something that is by the way we'll become very wealthy but very hard problem. M Sometimes we'll have to give 15 20 years with no chance of success to solve that problem >> to solve this problem and therefore it will not achieve anything. But let's say you are are doing a lot of hard work and I don't know providing um XYZ service that and you could be easily replaced. >> Nobody cares, you will not be able to make more money, >> right? Uh and therefore, it's about what comes out of that achievement. For example, software engineering was very hard to learn and made a lot of money. A lot of people did software engineering because of that. But let's say if AI comes around and makes the tops of an engineer 10x more productive which means they don't need as many people that profession may not make the same amount of money but for some people >> it make them crazy amount of money. Same thing for doctors. Some doctors will become 10x >> using AI, >> right? So we have to think that way. Uh if hard work resulted in stuff, right? For example, let's say let's talk about your podcast, right? >> A lot of people are doing it. >> Exactly. >> In fact, I I firmly believe there are more people building podcasts than listening to podcasts. Uh uh >> it's a joke that a long time. Yeah. But I I do believe that because it it almost feels like a good status thing to do, >> Um but what you do to get you to the top 50 in the world is very different, right? Nobody knows exactly what are the things that you do and sometimes you can't even explain I if you ever started a course on how to build successful podcast I can tell you it'll not be successful because you can't even explain many things that you've internalized in yourself for example I invest in startups I start I write a book on how to >> pick good ideas to invest in. I will not be able to explain it. >> It's so internalized that you don't even know what the lessons are. >> So, how can somebody build this? How can they learn? >> Constant iteration. Think of yourself as an app. >> If you are an app, apps have two things, features and bugs. You have to enhance the features. successful cycle of releasing the apps is much faster. But isn't it driven out of then public validation? >> Not really. It's about truth seeeking on what is causing what. >> How do you differentiate between truth seeeking and validation? Because let's say you are for example if you ask people do you want to be healthy answer 100 or 100. >> Yes. >> Are you doing something about being healthy 100 actually? So you to look at data and instincts because so many health startups fail because motivation. See wealth happens when you take something that people are truly motivated by and make it easy to do. Wealth gets destroyed when you keep making something easy that nobody cares about. And that's the thing. >> So most people remain poor because they are a not working on making themselves irreplaceable and b they are not creating something so valuable which a lot of people are motivated to get easily or will pay a lot for. How much would you pay for a a health situation of your family member improving versus couering from Bombay to Bangalore. So there's a range huge difference. >> There's a range. Think about human motivation as some gangotri at the core. It's basically simple. uh we want health, prosperity, status for ourselves and our family members. >> All the things we do can be answered in Right. And businesses are nothing but building dams on each of these streams. Sometimes the stream is small, sometimes the river is bigger, sometimes you're building at Gangotri. For example, when I told you about the height thing and they may end up making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money, >> not necessarily. They they might find a very differentiated thing to do within that, right? For example, nobody's caring about that sector. Let's say you are, I don't know, becoming extraordinary building avocado >> and nobody has figured it out yet and you are realizing it's a big trend and you become the 80% market shareholder of avocado. So it became big. It's a regular avocado but k of a product that people are willing to pay higher price for in a way which makes you more money. >> Correct. So it's it boils down to just what's your differentiator >> or what do people value? What do people value and are they valuing it at that point of time or it's likely to sustain? For example, let's say you do something that is a hype. >> It'll die away. >> And how do you identify what's hype and what's something that's going to stay forever? >> Because what are people doing it for temporarily demonstrating status or something that people will truly value? For example, we talked about labubu as like a temporary way of showing that I am part of a unique status tribe. >> Mhm. >> Or height, which is a long-term sustainable thing, right? Health. >> But again, height is also status. >> Not necessarily. It's going to be long-term. This will not be a long-term thing cuz something else will become a trend. >> Height will not replace in the trend. >> No, I get that. But what I mean the ultimate emotion which is getting solved is status. >> Ultimately, everything is either of those three things I told you, right? It's a some version of social status, prosperity, and personal wellbeing, which is health. >> So, what's going to give you long-term this or short-term? >> Short-term of this. That's the way to think about it. But there are nuances to that. For example, let's say I built a lamp company, right? It gives a status in some ways, but uh it makes me feel that I'm a unique person. Let's say I have a nice coaster over here. It feels different. Uh taste test whatever but with enough people will care about it right but if I was doing a bypass specialization less people will care about because it's not a everybody's going through that >> so it's about multiplying the utility value of something and the audience size and their net worth to be able to afford it >> okay so this is basic that People need to understand, >> Another basic is a lot of people want to get rich. >> A lot of people also admire and worship people with money, but they secretly pray also for their downfall. >> Not everywhere. Most in I'm talking about let's say a country like ours because you have also again some I think you've tweeted somewhere right. So people are somewhere they worship rich people yet they're praying for the downfall or they enjoy the downfall. >> The thing is uh there are two ways. >> There are two ways to achieve status, >> Either I get ahead of someone or I wait for them to come to my level. It's very simple, right? So when we see some people who look to be extraordinary to become ordinary like us, it feels us it just gives us a sense of relief. Right? For example, we like to know gossip about their personal life so that we feel in fact a lot of successful people also demonstrate. So that you feel like >> but why do they wait for them to fall or like at least find faults? >> It's it's not about that. It's just that you have to find something that gives you relief in some ways, right? You feel they're not special and it's okay. See what I'm saying is that people who are trying to be successful don't care about these things. If somebody has done something and achieved something and even if they become ultimate failures, the lessons are still invaluable. So are you interested in lessons or not, right? If you're interested only in their final status, then we are less likely to be interested in the lessons of that. >> And therefore is the case in most of the >> Yeah. But we can shape that. For example, I've often mentioned that we've built no successful documentaries or movies about successful achievers on what their journey was, especially entrepreneurs, right? But we have movie about every scamster, gangster, all of that because it's exciting. Can we just make it more powerful by just demonstrating these stories? Right. For example, you'll feel lot more content about western entrepreneurs. You will see story about everyone. Yeah. And we read their autobiographies and all of that. But and and that often tells me that we might change that, right? Maybe someone like you will produce a movie and uh or make a documentary series and you might identify a new customer need that the current world is not identifying and create that because uh if that starts happening we will automatically get really uh changing of what we care about right we will care less about oh this guy up down whatever we just care about Yeah, this is a good lesson. For example, if you read a story about how Spotify founder convinced music labels to join forces, it's a great lesson. solve a difficult problem because we are not we are we are more interested in content than being successful. No, so stories are more >> Why do you think it's like that? >> Because successful entertainment. >> Yeah. Because how are we respected in our community by being more interesting sometimes? Going back to the >> Yeah. We often call successful and somebody who comes and say, "Oh, I went on a date or I often wonder by the way sometimes that who are in perpetual new relationships often are trying to be interesting sometimes cuz it's new content for their friends." You've also said somewhere uh most Indians settle for average careers. >> H >> why why do you believe so? And why do you think Indians >> I I don't think I've said that we settle for average careers. I think we we settle for settling. I think what I mean by that is that right and it was a right decision at some point of time because we were very poor as a country and uh stability uh like we used to seek government jobs we still do because it provided stability right so it made sense to chase settlement settling >> but as you look at the next generation ation they are not choosing for settling because their family is settled they're not worried about >> will I have a place to stay so when when basics are taken care of we become slightly more ambitious so you feel now it's changed do you think that's also there's a flip side to it a lot of entrepreneurs complain about it on the podcast also they've complained >> lot of young people because they don't care about settling They are so flirtatious with their careers. They're not building their depth in any one field. Yeah. See the thing is if you are not worried about how you will be taken care of long term, >> it's okay to be short-term about things, right? You you are trying to jump between different things or whatever. So for example, younger generation is lot more driven by short-term approach to life cuz they have not seen anything long-term, right? Uh we've seen the average length of relationships also to come down, right? Like >> I often hear people saying that oh I was in this relationship for 8 months and and somebody who came from my generation or one before that >> it would sound absurd till somebody says that. >> So I think everybody's timeline has changed, right? Mhm. >> Uh and that is causing this thing of like what we feel of time right K 8 months. So I think that is changing uh and but career if you're not driven by oh my god I'm going to become useless and I'm going to have no money and no family to take care of actually all these people who are flirtatious with their career if their parents threw them out of the house or told them you have access to any of the money that they have made or their parents were short-term and without all their money, you would automatically become more long-term. >> 100% 100%. >> So they're they be afford they're able to afford being short-term because >> because some other people around them are being long-term. >> Do you think that [Music] that's what very common thing used to happen in the west? No. Westme getting people kids out at the age of 18 was exactly built for that reason right not just getting rid of them they were not just thrown out they were chopped off from all financially help should we do that should we kick our kids out >> I don't know what we want from life no who who decides right wrong I I don't know if you want them to become extraordinary successful yes you have to make them starve when I use the word starve is metaphorical is be deprived of support and resources. >> Yeah. Safety nets do not create always good athletes, right? Like >> uh the the the fear of almost dying is what makes you really come alive. >> Yeah. You use the word extraordinary. >> You want them to become extraordinary then make them starve. How to become extraordinary? If somebody who's watching this wants to become an extraordinary person, >> first of all, you shouldn't have time to watch this podcast. But I think the the the point around any big achievement comes from overcoming many many obstacles. Overcoming many many obstacles is when you are putting yourself out there and when you are giving it hours attention thing. For example, anybody who's built a great physique has not got it accidentally. >> They were given extraordinary amount of attention, thinking, obsession, focus on food, workout, sleep, like it's their being which got gets them to that particular thing. Anybody who's got to any version of success as an entrepreneur, same anybody who's achieved any version of these things they they are putting themselves out there and getting out of comfort zone, right? See, comfort zone is a very infertile land. Okay? But it keeps you safe. So if you want to be extraordinary just kill >> extraordinary anything like I'm not saying that you have to wealth is not the only metric I I don't know >> extraordinary I mean anything yeah anything >> but do you think that that means it'll require for you to just kill your comfort >> yeah it's impossible to be extraordinary in comfort zone >> what's the truth about discipline and ambition because a lot of people want to They think they're ambitious. They say that they're ambitious. I don't know if their actions match that or no. >> Mostly they don't. >> so what do people misunderstand about? >> It's cool to say you're ambitious. No. Most ambitious people will never say They are just doing stuff, building stuff. They are just out there. They don't write all these tag words on their Twitter or Instagram or LinkedIn. They're just doing stuff. The need to put so many labels to who we are. >> But when you ask them, they say they're ambitious. >> No. Will will they identify as an ambitious person? Yes. They're not trying to tell the world they're >> Like fill their Instagram bio and LinkedIn bio with all these fancy keywords. What do you think people misunderstand about ambition and discipline? >> No, I think it's uh it's uh being it's what you are. It's like it's not a thing that you can a weak Do you think it's a trait or a skill or something that people can build? Like can they turn themselves into an ambitious person or no? I I think though drives are very hard to get externally. You can't get in drive from external purpose. But I do feel that if you are around ambitious people and they are a they feel the need to keep you around. M >> you'll become more ambitious. Let me put it this way. I think you can make somebody more ambitious. >> I don't think you going to make somebody H >> So you're saying people are born ambitious or maybe something has happened to them over the years. >> A lot of people become ambitious later on in life when they can completely bankrupt at >> 30. Then they get something and they or they have some major relationship issues and that makes them so some life event causes them to see people maintain their slope. >> Yeah. True. You also say that Indians are high on aspiration but low on trust. Why do you say so? I don't think I've I've said it the way you're saying it, but uh I think every human is aspirational >> because nobody's happy with what they have. Actually, happiness comes from absolutely wanting what you have. Okay. Uh and progress comes from absolutely wanting what you don't have. >> Okay. Uh but yeah uh when you think about trust, trust is a very complex thing, right? Trust comes from like if you think about trust, it's a more of a game theory problem where you could argue that it should benefit everybody to show good trustworthy behavior and then society becomes more trustworthy. Right? if the cost of being not trustworthy was very high >> in a country, then lot of people would be trustworthy, Uh for example, if the cost of breaking rules is dramatically going to cost you, we behave well. >> Uh think about the teachers we had in school where we could escape not doing a homework or not doing an assignment or where you could not. You saw the compliance >> to be very different. >> Very very different. So often good trustworthy behavior comes from that. Let me give an example. Let's say a lot of people are not able to pay back their loans and there are two broad reasons. They do not have the ability. They have lost a job. They have done thing and some people do not have the intent. But what if we did something like that all the people who have willfully defaulted we tell them you cannot take digatra you cannot do tatkal tickets. Now imagine five friends are going to the airport and four people go to datra and you're like oh no I'll go from here. >> Social embarrassment. What if landlords do not rent a property to somebody who has willfully defaulted on their credit scores. >> Which happens by the way in most developed world. Credit scores are checked for before renting an apartment. people would not get married without checking credit scores? >> That's a good framework to put. >> And why wouldn't you want to check? What if it became normal? >> But why is it important for a country to start trusting a lot to build a country? >> It cannot be prosperous without trusting. See when country cannot be trusting then we all the transactions require too much of checking again and again. For example let's say if no builder could cause a damage to a buyer otherwise they would have severe punishments. M to buying property and land would become a trustworthy transaction versus there is so much friction 90% so economic prosperity but what if you knew and why do you think it's it takes every every country goes through and change and trust. For example, let's say uh look at the success of UPI, >> right? Only when it can consistently be reliable and prevent frauds and do everything, it'll be adopted by now close to 500 million Indians use it. >> Why do you think we trust digital apps but not human beings as much? >> No, I think your app I don't think that's the case. I think we trust that can be verified to be consistent. So trust comes from four things. I often say this but I'll repeat it. Trust comes from the presence of four things. But it's not you need to be having all four in place. If visibly any of the four things are absent, you cannot trust something or someone. First is integrity. And integrity is not a integity integrity institution integrity. >> Second consistency consistency. You can predict them >> like a clockwork. >> Uh uh uh third is like competence. Do they know? Right. Imagine you are trying to go for a uh paragliding and this guy's like uh sir you are my first client right you would not be interested in that. Uh and fourth is benevalence or non-self-centered behavior. If you knew that somebody is only self-centered you're like less likely to trust them. So it's not all four are needed but absence let's say the paragliding person example uh the person has integrity consistency self-centered competence question right now let's say you are investing with somebody you see competence you see uh consistency in their performance uh uh you see they are bare but they are like integrity is >> sort of shady >> shady so trust doesn't come that way so only when these four things are consistently done trust comes naturally okay let me give you an example just a thought experiment when you look at countries like us people who are who have built one sort of organization and they're known for certain thing they less likely to be trusted in something else. So for example, if Apple who's making phones, people trust them because they they've shown consistency and competence in phones. It's less likely for them to start selling salt. People will question them. >> Not really. They would not question. In fact, if you look at the history of US, they're exactly built that way. >> One company needs to do everything, >> Today, do you think they do that? No, they don't need to because the markets are deep enough for them to not focus to to be focused. >> So you think the conglomerate thing but >> so trust see concentration of trust happens in low trust societies. >> In India it happens. >> So because you will trust like 20% 20 people 30 people contribute to 90% of all Bollywood revenue or entertainment revenue. >> Uh and then you will see uh super apps happen in low trust countries. doesn't happen in high trust countries. You do not see large conglomerates emerge in low trust countries or whatever. But if you go back in past, US also has all of these three things in the past because as a society found trust in the institutions, right? For example, if you have a bad fall at a cafe, doesn't matter what the cafe brand is, the government will protect you >> versus you thinking about your own protection because the institutions are very built for large scale. Automatically trust comes in everything, right? So what happens is for example if you go to LA every restaurant has to publish the certificate of their grading from the municipality on the door big >> sign ABCid and we mandated this to be kept on the door. Let me give you a different example. >> Let's say restaurantat online restaurants. It's an aggregation of all online ratings and customers can now trust this sign because it's truly aggregation real time with AI. to give you the rating before you enter the restaurant. So let's say now we go to restaurants. Which restaurants will buy and which will not buy? Any guesses? >> Of course the ones who have high ratings. >> Correct. improve. But would you agree that in 2 years average restaurant quality will go up? >> That we experience. It's as simple as that. But I was asking from a point of view of do you know any large company which has done multiple things and have been trusted in across sectors in US. So many examples right like uh uh you might think but for example Michelin is a guide for restaurant and also a tire company right so they are trusted in both the things it is what normal is for example Costco is a company most people buy their private label stuff >> right uh uh and they take the membership and buy their pulses it's a retailer right so it's very common >> uh uh but conglomerates work in countries that are not dep right for example say company country 30 40 trillion to just building cheese company will build you a unicorn >> fair cheese but let's say if the country is not deep >> and Amul doing protein this that everything will make sense because you trust them >> to get that category right. But if that was the case, we have not built many of the brands that have come in the recent past. Right? So what you will see trust will start happening in multiple categories. Right? Now you've seen celebrities who've done protein have doing well, very well actually >> and you would say but that's not how trust works. Trust often works basis this for example let's say if I recommended a book right now >> it'll be bought >> yeah they trust you >> trust so there is something that trust comes in very unique ways but for example I give some kind of a workout routine you may not trust although it's not that I will not know about it but you will say simple >> so How do you trust like who are the trustworthy individuals and who are not? >> It's very simple. Uh people who are trustworthy are trustworthy within their org also. It's not outside. It's very rare to find somebody who's trusted outside when nobody in the team trust them. Trust starts in the building first. For example, let's say people ask outside key is Raj trusted person but that it's unlikely the trust outside will exist because this news spreads >> very fast. So any behavior that is non-rustworthy in nature is content. We talked about gossip before. Best gossiper. >> What type of person you've learned to never trust even if they're successful? >> Uh I mean I don't think uh it works that way in a simple term. You can trust them for different things. But for example, uh let's say when you're trying to trust in investing in somebody, right? Uh you're looking for how forthcoming they are when they are confronted with something. Let's say when you tell them if they justify go around about versus saying that no, you're right. That's not true. But let me explain why I said that and you buy that. So you you'll see very clearly that uh people who can be trusted long-term. Other example is uh let's say your team members >> people who are not fast at giving you bad news but fast at giving you good news. Eventually you will always have to watch your back with them. But their behavior must be a function of how you react also. If you are terrible reactor to bad news bad news true but if you say it's okay solve but that time if you react like a hyper emotional person you will never get bad news. So you feel >> think about uh our relationship with parents like who are we going to give bad news first or who are we not going to give bad news or or are we going to give bad news to our parents based it's it's based on the trust or or the reaction reaction they have given over the time. >> Mhm. M >> so you feel you can trust a person who accepts and reacts in a better way. No, I think people would differ. >> No, trust. Trust. I told you the four components cause trust. I'm just saying there are multiple traits that you feel. Okay. What is trust? >> Your ability to be vulnerable around somebody or something. That's trust. Do you think as a public figure you can be vulnerable and yet be trusted? If you are vulnerable that is fine but if you are not respected you can't be trusted as a public figure because ultimately people have to respect you also. Just likes are not enough. Fame is not enough. There are many people who are famous for being cringe. >> You don't respect them. >> You won't respect them. We we like watching clowns. >> Doesn't mean that we'll respect them. Would you wear t-shirt of somebody who's very cringe as a person? You might just once in a while watch their real and laugh and oh my god, I can't believe they said that. Respect is alo subjective. I'll talk about it. >> Okay. But I want to share something with you because you said vulnerability. I was speaking to somebody who trains and who have trained multiple presidents in US and one of the key insights he told me that they have in their training when they become president one of the first things they been told that they're not allowed to say sorry. >> So he was sharing in insight about Donald Trump that sometimes he knows that he's wrong but they're not allowed to say sorry because that makes them look weak. >> Yes. And that will make more people distrust them, not trust them. >> So then trust comes from being very powerful and not vulnerable. >> Just a good point. Uh it's about what is the role? If your role is to be a protector, it's different to be vulnerable. If your role is to be protecting my wealth, you can't say sorry. But if your role uh is to let's say generally lead as a manager and say that guys I'm sorry I should have handled this feedback better. I should have solved this problem for you better. It creates trust. You wonder that for example feedback Lena >> if you are not good at taking feedback it's going to be hard for people to trust. What if you're unapproachable for feedback? will not grow. Only some figures require you to maintain that stature. But do you think that the same people would not be saying trust to their close people >> otherwise they will never get feedback? How would they know what they are having their blind spots on? But you're right, the the respect has very interesting connotations. For example, when it comes to leaders that we want to have blind faith behind. So you'll see never you'll never see a godman ever say maybe they're very sure. >> Exactly. That's what I was coming to. So on some figures we expecting them to not have any doubt because we like to follow people who have backbone not people who are right and wrong. M >> do you think it works for celebrities, public figures as well? >> Yeah, of course it works for brands also. Some brands are luxury brands are unlikely to say sorry for your experience. Your good will be shipped in 3 days. No. >> Who should be arrogant and unapologetic about what they are and who should not be? >> I think that's a generic statement, right? uh people look up to people for different types of traits, right? If you study brand archetypes, there are 12 brand archetypes. >> Approachable, lovable, warm, >> uh uh ruler, creator, innovator, magician, there are multiple types. Everybody has a role and you have to fit that role, right? Uh look at the movie actors, we have different archetypes, right? Not saying sorry types. The warm, lovable, likable type, the intellectual type, the non-intellectual type, uh energy jovial type. These are all characters. They all exist and they all have different roles to play. >> Who will have the highest status likely to have highest status in a country like India? What do you think? uh uh somebody uh always status boils down to wealth or power >> the best status obviously both >> h what would your brand archetype be if you have to put it out in a word >> I don't know I I think people uh I think brand archetypes are not something that you can craft >> you are that >> yeah what do you think how do people perceive you >> I don't know maybe I should do a survey and find out how do people perceive. >> What's your guess? >> What do you think? I want to know it from you. >> I don't know. You tell me. You're you're very like a random intellect and wise kind of persona that you give at least on >> and sometimes I also feel that you purposely show that you don't take yourself seriously. >> That's like I don't know how to fit that in into one thing but that's what you show. I actually don't take myself seriously. uh I think uh >> that's what we can perceive >> and uh that's because nothing really matters right eventually you may do everything in I don't know 50 100 years nobody will remember anything like you see history of people like who achieved extraordinary stuff like uh I was talking to somebody about uh the story of the founder of Bombay stock exchange I met some Bombay stock exchange employees they didn't even know about this person they work in that institution. >> So forget about who else will care about it. >> Yeah. So you don't take yourself seriously at all. I I don't think u I think we should take what we do seriously for the time that we are being around over here and do it with a lot of respect and dignity and a lot of But we to also accept that life is absolutely fragile. uh and humans keep evolving and moving on, right? And uh uh you should just be happy about what you did in the time that you had the gift of life. >> Versus constantly worry about your legacy, your uh like long-term and all of that stuff. Uh and I'm not saying that you should not think about that your let's say you're building a company would you should want for it to last hundreds of years. But you also accept the mathematical order of that happening is close to zero. >> Have you thought sorry you >> sorry go ahead. >> Have you thought that what if you fail? >> I think the mathematical chance of that is high for every single individual. >> What do you do to continuously get lucky for not being failure? is is is something that you have to build uh through observing, pattern recognition, so on and so forth, right? And often you don't see that in people because uh uh they're not thinking about converting this into a long-term thing. For example, let's say a company is in the first 5 years, >> let's say Tata Group, >> okay, >> in the first five years, we're not thinking centuries they had to solve a very different problem sometimes of survival. >> Right. Uh when you are raising a kid when it's 1 2 you're not thinking about oh lawyer doctor engineer like it's hard to although you wish for but you don't think about that you're like okay is the baby sick or not sick has got vaccinated not got vaccinated so on and so forth you're thinking about different things but I think as you're building companies and you reach a certain age, you think about it to be more long-lasting in nature. You don't think about taking shortcuts on many things. >> But have you thought ever, >> okay, let me put this in a very podcasty way >> that >> if someone was to write a book on you, >> I hope not. >> And the book title is like about your failure. Okay, let's just put it this way. We're doing an experiment. >> Correct. Correct. The book title is why I didn't make it. >> Perfect. >> What do you think would be the first chapter? >> Did not evolve. >> The world changed and I did not evolve to the change. I did not adapt. Did not learn. Did not fix my mistakes. Did not demonstrate discipline. >> Do you think you're not evolving at a pace that you should be evolving? >> Nobody is evolving at the pace the world is evolving at right now. Nobody. The world is changing too rapidly, too quickly. >> What gives you that this insight? >> Just look at everything that is happening around us. >> We often forget that >> like smartphones don't exist before a very long period of time. Internet did not exist for a very long period of time. Now we have AI and AI is evolving at a rate every two months that you cannot imagine. And the world is therefore evolving around that change of behavior. social media uh all the evidence of mental health, all the evidence of new types of uh behaviors that are coming on younger people, it's evolving at a very different rate. We don't know how to plan for it. If you had a teenager, what are you asking them to study? How do you know? If you banned placements in MBA schools, MBA, what if you and I build a company that assures placement? >> We'll probably make more money than MBA schools. >> True 100%. >> So what I'm saying is that who knows? >> Who knows? Nobody knows. >> Evolution is >> Yeah. changing evolving and it's changing at a much faster rate. For example, our parents didn't have to learn all this thing and watch podcast and evolve so fast. >> In fact, grandparents had to evolve much lesser >> cuz the world's rate of change was manageable. >> Do you think more people will feel with all this change and evolution average number of people they'll get more successful or they'll fail more? >> I think the rate of failure and success has been consistently in the world. Doesn't matter what the time was. M >> but average wealth always grew, average prosperity always grew. >> The gap was always wide. By the way, we we often say gap between wealthy and not wealthy. >> Did you ever imagine the gap between kings and other people back in the day? The gap was multiple times more. We often say that oh countries were richer before they were looted. No, only the kings were richer. Rest of the people were not very rich. So this is where you have to say what is a purpose of a government? Find a way to let get everybody out and do well. Create prosperity for them. Create uh opportunity for them. And that's what has to happen. H because you're talking about government. It reminds me of another tweet that you did. >> All tweets about power and politics result in more quote tweets than any other form of tweet. Fastest way to be called stupid in life is to have an opinion about power or politics. I observed this. Uh so I wrote that you will notice that people who talk a lot about politics are usually powerless in life and they feel the power by discussing politics a lot. I'm not saying that politics is not discussed by a lot of people. I'm saying people who are obsessively discussing that >> right especially if they're not journalists like journalists they are paid to discuss WhatsApp group you will notice a very specific pattern that usually not very powerful people >> that is true >> right uh and the reason of the quote tweet is saying that you make an opinion about something people will want to bash you because like it's this identity driven thing, right? Uh for example, if you questioned democracy as a thought experiment and you said that democracy should be different based on the average IQ of society, just try to write that you might almost get cancelled. M >> but >> but let's say if I told you that hey we have to >> hire CEOs of a company based on a voting system >> in a company would you bet on this company as an investor >> never terrible idea so that's how things work >> but when you put these opinions out there cuz when there's firm belief about something, >> it causes reactions >> especially from people who are otherwise not very powerful. that's >> you know I was another experiment. I was just reading >> actually let me give another experiment. Just think about this. >> Just thought experiment. >> Okay. Um >> let's say on Twitter uh after everybody's name their average IQ is shown >> and that is automatically derived through AI. >> What happens to social media? >> It actually becomes a better place. Honestly, >> I don't know. But >> I don't know. It'll be less profitable like way less profitable. >> I don't know. I don't know. It's not that all people who are with high IQ are noble >> but it'll be more entertaining for sure. >> I don't know. I I do believe it'll be a very interesting thought experiment. Right. >> And therefore, one of the things that I think about is thought experiments a lot. Second order thinking. >> Less than 1% of people can come up with good answers to this question that I said. M >> you can try it in all your interviews. We are your current team members. Tell them 10 things that is likely to happen if this is made mandatory in Twitter. >> Average IQ. >> Average IQ. No IQ of every person is shown next to their name. >> If that happens let's say kunal sha 80 raj 140 anashu and now what happens in one year's time? Ask this question to your team members. Less than 10% of people will have great answers. And it's nothing to do with what their current role is, salary is, nothing to do with that. >> Why do you think people won't have an answer? >> Good answers. People have answers. India answers. Uh uh it is hard to think second third order. >> What if this and then what and then this >> and then what >> and very complex >> you would to be good at understanding >> dynamics for your for example right now you said it'll be entertaining >> but I'll say why and you have to think >> and play in your head. Yeah, >> it takes while >> you know people should who are listening that they should comment their answers. Maybe we'll get some interesting answers or maybe we'll get similar answers similar answers but it's it's very hard it's very very hard. Do you think one thing which will happen if this happens? >> Actually think about it. Uh when I was tweeting something now >> initially when grock and perplexity became thing people would question is this true >> is this what he's saying is correct or not >> and only when I saw in the first 20 30 times these AI tools said yes >> this person is saying something right this pattern is observed this is a proof of this I saw people stop doing it on my social media some people are asking is is this copied >> idea >> and I like it a lot that people do that and I saw that you could see people say it's mock but it's a it's an interesting instead of believing that this person is I know copying their ideas or thoughts or whatever you just ask this question >> so I went and like took my tweets and say how many of these are original how many are not original Yes, because I was not trying to validate myself. I was like, who else thought about this? But somebody has gone deep into it. >> For example, I was thinking about how do masses get persuaded. Then I said and then discovered Plateau or any of these guys who have written like books on this topic who have also written books on geometry, geography or human and you're like oh wow like this guy had and then you discover more such people >> who've done like 200 topics authorative books like barely Then you realize the power of distraction. Now we are shallow about 500 topics. Second question true. Do you think I'm still stuck on the IQ? Do you think IQ in long run people will stop giving importance to the to the IQ number? It's unlikely to happen because because there's a strong correlation. You will see a strong correlation of IQ and wealth, IQ and um power. You will see strong correlation in that. I'm not saying causation. IQ want to say guarantee you will get power or wealth. But you will see that a very high percentage of people who are wealthy or powerful have >> higher IQ. >> Agree? Right. So what you'll start noticing is that you will start taking respect opinions very differently. For example, if I asked an average person today in 2025, do you trust Chad GPT more than 90% of your friends? They might say yes. By 2030, very few friends will be smarter than Chad GPT. So then how will trust work >> in that world? Because many of our relationships come from taking advice from somebody, taking mentorship from somebody. Now I'm like bossain gossip, relationships might change materially. But then if you go with the rule of social media where someone who's relatable and is doing something extraordinary who feels like he's one of you, you would want to celebrate that person more. >> So people with lower IQ. >> So it's very interesting. Would you want to be seen as a relatable person's fan whose IQ is shown as low? Answer is no. >> No. But then you like to be a rebel and be like hey Then you would want to be saying just to justify my life. >> Yeah. But then you will stop getting respected because somewhere people will say like you >> publicly I'm already less respected. >> Correct. What I'm saying is that if I don't tweet then I can choose to be anonymous and do whatever I I'm doing. Right. But if I'm seen, you don't want to be seen. >> But you want to be seen supporting an underdog and actually be associated with an underdog who won. >> Perfect. What you will notice is that when you are doing that, >> you may not get the support that you think you will get >> from people who are of respect. >> See what what I'm trying to say is that one is what do I do? For example, it's not that people who have high IQ, high success, high power are not watching cringe content and memes. They are watching it. They're enjoying it, But sometimes like associating with that people wonder why are you doing that? For example, when I post meme people like I'll get DMs, >> you are such an inspirational figure and I'm like that's what it is. But I think that's association problem. [Laughter] But I I was coming from the point that if somebody with low IQ proves over time to be of high power, wealth and status regardless of having a low IQ, a lot of people would want to 100%. So you will start seeing a pattern IQ. Then you might discover you might start seeing many other traits. So I agree with you, right? But it will still be detrimental but they may not even get chance sometimes >> because this data became public. >> That's why I'm saying the thought experiment is interesting because would you give a chance to somebody? >> True. For example, let's say sometimes you might discover the person who makes the most amount of wealth in the stock market is actually not very high IQ. >> But now would you invest >> once their IQ is revealed >> although they have proven track record maybe you start doubting >> and therefore the thought experiment is interesting because it creates some very second order effects. >> Yeah. Because if you actually look at data also, most of the athletes who win, they have low IQ comparatively to a lot of high IQ. >> Yeah. Because their profession requires a very different thing. But you will might discover by the way that people who are actually top athletes are actually very good at pattern recognition and discipline. >> Agreed. Because you can't just rely on brute force to get to the top of the game because sub game eventually chess s you might break out by brute but the top games are always mind games. >> Yeah. Have you noticed any pattern in yourself? >> Mhm. which regardless of which company you're building or which age you are in or which category you are operating in they keep occurring to you again. Yeah. For example, I always look for efficient paths. I believe that there has to be a very efficient lazy method to achieve something. I'm always seeking that. I'm always trying to find is there a way to achieve this thing >> in the most energy efficient way. I often look look for those patterns. Um I've seen a pattern of constantly wanting to know why does something happen. One pattern I observe is that I like to challenge the team on we doing this this is going to be the outcome. >> and I'm looking for somebody to prove me wrong because then I can trust them with more Nice. Um, for example, let's say you can easily run a thing. Let's say you run a live contest 24 hours >> and you do this 10 times >> and two people are consistently able to predict closest to the answer. You can trust them more. >> That's a good thing. I'll do it. >> You should do it. Let me know what happens. I'll absolutely do it because they do something that is getting them consistently right. And you can do it 24 hours. We'll check it. Whoever gets you give them some prize. Let's announce a 100 rupees prize for everybody who gets it every 24 hours. But you observe in 10 times who won the most times. M >> sometimes you might not get 10 times and you th 100 times who won the most times and then boom >> you start seeing patterns. >> Okay. One loop was open. Respect. >> You said respect is primarily decided by power and power and money. Right? Something something of that sort. What did you say? Like is wealth >> respect. Respect is a humans have a natural ranking systems in their head >> and we follow. >> People we respect >> or we like either are the two reasons we follow. Respect may not have a large crowd. Love has a much more larger crowd of funny is more like like love like love has more following. Respect is lesser following because people who seek respect is a smaller cohort, >> right? Because for for example, will you ever beat people who are let's say putting funny content out there? It's going to be hard, very hard because people are trying to escape from their life and enjoy for a few minutes. So you to think that respect comes where you say okay this guy is seeing something and pattern and they they have doing something winning something getting something done achieving something and you see the pattern right uh you may not necessarily love them just because you respect them right uh some people are loved not respected some people are respected not loved Uh some people are loved and respected. That is a golden category, right? Uh and it's hard to get to that >> with consistency. Respect usually is when you see people great at long-term behaviors. Respect, for example, I can make an ad to be liked. I make an ad and I get respected. No, people will see me for many many many years and then potentially build respect >> or they will have to see respect through association. If they see somebody else they respect respect somebody they will respect like respect. Why? Because people who are very >> don't easily respect people. >> They are very selective in their respect. >> But how do you win respect then? >> By demonstrating >> by demonstrating consistency. If you ask top cricketers how many people do you respect list? If you ask an average person, give me a list of people you respect because it's harder to get to that. Respect is a much harder game. Like is easier game. >> No, you said if you ask if I heard it correctly. If you you said if you ask a cricketer top >> top cricketer how many people in the planet the respect respect? >> Why would they respect lesser people than an average person? >> Because the bar is different now. for somebody to show that level of consistency and long-term behavior >> because they are at certain level they will see respect somewhere else. See they would respect a lot of people they would not admire a lot of people. >> So that's very interesting respect range right? Uh I if an elite cricketer saw somebody come at the age of 14 and hit a six m >> they'll admire they won't respect respect. They might see some early signs but there are so many people who have come and disappeared. >> Even though if they're wealthy and they end up becoming wealthy, people don't respect them because they've disappeared. >> Huh. So, so for example, if you if you make wealth through mediums that are not respect generating, >> not be respected as much. So back in the day you know I had tweeted something like most of the wealth was in India was built through opium >> especially Bombay >> the trade malva trade or >> malwa trade cover and and opium >> and all of them did extraordinary amount of philanthropic work to be respected. M >> majority of the for example the the zoo the public hospitals all of that are donated by opium dealers s school of art college this thing uh sir JJ and others were very big in in opium trade and by the way it was not illegal that time so you can't currently >> go and say no >> it's a legitimate business that time >> but Because you have to find reputation, right? You would create many things. >> right? Uh uh uh and and building libraries, building hospitals, building public institutions, public parks, doing philanthropic work was a way to earn respect. So you will see that people who are uh u uh wealthy may not always be respected. >> They found ways to get respected >> and that's why they do certain things to be respected. What do you chase in life? Freedom, money, power, respect, fame. >> I don't know. I I think I I'm I think I chase knowledge is what I have found as a more reliable answer. all these things I often question this that what drives me I think I like to understand things and implement things and create things like I'm very averse to fame like I often when people say okay can I take a selfie my immediate reaction is like no please like don't like you met me just say hello to me something like I don't want that and I I do that quite often and I feel bad because people are really excited to see you and want to take a selfie with you but I'm like like can I say no I'm sorry uh and uh uh like what I've seen a only good use of wealth I've seen is access because somebody who has to decide to meet you has to see for example for you like when you started uh uh we did the podcast. How many years ago? >> Three and a half years ago. >> Three and a half years ago. Four maybe. >> Four. >> Now your ability to get meetings with people has dramatically changed because a you have access, distribution, fame, all of that which helps you. >> Very different. >> And it every new thing unlocks a new thing. It is very powerful. >> So I think Capital in my case social capital. >> So social capital capital some level say but for example they might want to meet you. Oh, what if through this I might appear on this podcast like some association benefit that they might seek from you with capital somebody who's trying to meet you is like okay will you get access of something >> sometimes is knowledge but I've seen that when you chase knowledge and nothing else people respect you more >> 100%. So what I have seen is that whenever I have reached out to somebody and say like let's say I meet somebody from big from the media industry and I say I only want to meet you to understand how movies work this work or whatever and let's say when they invite me to a party and I say no they respect you more because you're not trying to take advantage of this person to get access to that world right for example we've sponsored IPL for many years I've gone for no party I've gone for No things. I've not even gone for matches, right? Because you'll be very clear. >> What do you want? But would I want to meet an athlete in a personal setting to ask them questions about what makes something special? Absolutely. Yes. >> But you have no fascination towards being seen with them so that you are being seen more. >> Yeah. Or get access to that part of their life which may not be appealing to me. M >> I definitely want access to their brain. >> Glamour doesn't excite you. >> Yeah, it doesn't because I think it's very short-lived. It's one of those things which is depreciating asset. >> I like appreciating assets. >> Interesting way to look at things. >> Yeah. Long-term. Glamour is short-term. >> I like long-term things. If I learn something from an elite cricketer or elite athlete, elite music musician, elite something, it'll stay with me forever. It'll shape me. It will mold me. It will create a new dimension in me. >> Can I share something? >> I've often questioned myself for being like the way you are. >> I similarly because of nature of the work, I get invited to XYZ parties to the glamour world and I 90% of the time say no. Sometimes I go there because just I want to see what's in that world. M I want to understand and meet certain people who I can only get access through that event and I yet want to be so low key that I just repel to just no pictures, no nothing. I don't want to be seen anywhere and I always used to feel that maybe it's some kind of complex inside me which is making me not seen in the public. I don't know. I would always ask questions. >> I go there for actually the information and knowledge and connecting with people. Ultimately people seek what they want and they get it right for example I have requested multiple people who give awards or whatever I don't want to be given I'm very happy to help you with anything in life but don't nominate me or give me anything because it doesn't help when you're building a business you have to prove you can scale you can build profit you can give return to your shareholders you can help your employees become wealthy, all of that >> So, I I've seen that if you're doing well, no people of respect know you. >> Number you meet some people, they don't know you because you won some award. They know your numbers. So true. >> So this is a respect respect game recognizes game. M >> they are not recognizing you because you some won some award. No chance. >> Yeah. Vanity metric they don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about. >> Yeah. They they actually look at it in negative manner. That this person is chasing vanity so maybe the substance and value will be lesser. >> What's the biggest misunderstanding about you? >> I I often think about this and ask people about it. For example, a lot of people who come to work at CRED, they think I'm some intimidating like Twitter personality, but I'm like working and deeply involved at work. So, they're like, "Okay, they thought I'm like some guy who's not in office and like some uh uh guy who's I don't know goes on speaker and speaks to the team, big boss." Uh uh that's one thing I've seen consistently. The second is that >> because I don't use uh I I come from a generation where emojis is not natural to me anywhere. So people think that I'm rude >> or arrogant uh because I don't and I speak in lesser words. >> Yeah. Chris, >> so people who are efficient in communication are always perceived to be rude. >> But you're not rude. You're just >> I I I am I'm just the way I am. Right. Uh and and uh >> but do you think you're rude? >> I don't think so because see rude people who are rude are trying to hurt somebody and they are trying to evoke a reaction from somebody. I am less likely to notice either of the >> two. I like to say that it should help you. >> Yeah. If you spend 10 minutes with me, she'll help you versus all this words like rude mean. It doesn't matter. >> So now that you know that people misunderstand this thing about you, does it bother you? Do you ever want to change it or you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it, I'm the way I am? >> I think anything that would impact anything long-term, I would want to change it. I haven't thought this impact because there are enough people who tell you it's a nice guy. M >> I don't think if people at work felt the same thing after joining then it will become the image that I have. >> But they'll say I think people build perceptions basis the version of they they see out there. For example, when I post like I I'll tell you a funny story. I I once was at a cafe and this person walked up to me and said, "Oh, please can I take a selfie with you? Uh, you are my favorite memer." >> This person had no clue. >> I do something else in life >> really. >> And I was personally very happy about it because I was like an achievement that I did not ever see coming. And it's like, oh, my sister is going to be so jealous that I got a chance to uh uh meet you and and I'm like, this is interesting, right? So I think often that like people build a perception about you and sometimes you like people have a different perception about you somewhere else altogether. Like this person doesn't think about anything else except memes. >> I post memes. >> That's incredible. hilarious. But I I loved it. I loved it. I was like, that is so cool. See, now that when you go in rooms, you're respected and people admire you for any number of things. What's a part of you which you which you still want to hide? >> Ah, I think uh I don't think I have a part in me left. For example, I used to be very I I I did not think till I became I would say decently successful in terms of money. I ever talked about that I was poor or had these challenges or these things because I used to be afraid that I will be treated with sympathy and then and I didn't want anybody to give me an opportunity basis sympathy because it's not merit- driven then >> it's a little bit of a charity that somebody is doing for you. So I think I that's the only part I used to hide consciously that not talk about not having money like I literally remember that I had a for the entire college but I had one shoe that was torn and I must have repaired it hundreds of times. uh I wouldn't want to make that the story that somebody will give me an opportunity but now when I reflect back it it is something that I'm okay to talk about earlier I would be like no you you have to pretend that you were not poor >> and what changed >> just accepting that it's just what made me who I am but that time I think I was right in not sharing that earlier Because I don't think anybody should seek sympathy. I think as as a culture like we had too many sad songs and too many self-sympathizing stuff. I don't think respect comes to people who are constantly seeking >> You might like them, you might help them. You can't respect them. It's such a a lot of people use sympathy as a strategy and then later realized that the only thing it got them was likes, not the respect. >> Yeah. Or help but not respect. >> Okay, we're going to go through all the tweets now. >> Oh my god. >> And you have to explain these things to me. But some of these things you have already done. But still, so you said success isn't a club you enter through inheritance. What do you mean by this? >> I think it's earned, right? Success is an earned thing. It's not what you get. Just just because let's say think about nepotism. >> You can get your first movie through influence. You can't get your 10th movie through influence. It might give you an entry ticket. >> Let's say being rich might get you to a good college. Doesn't make you successful in life. So what I mean by that is that it it is not coming through inheritance. It is something that is earned. >> Then what do you mean by success here? Because a lot of people actually measure success by money. >> Yeah. Power that you have. Inheritance gives you both of them. >> It gives you both. For example, but let's say if you do not have built an ability to create wealth, you'll most likely lose wealth. >> So most wealth disappears in third fourth generation >> in most families. Yeah. >> Because of this. >> So it's unless you build an ability to create wealth inherit. I think you'll see people who have not people have inherited money and not built their own. They're not respected as much. People see it. But in extreme large families, you don't even know. >> You'll find out their employees will know sir to office video game. >> It's true. >> And the word will come out. >> So no amount of money can actually get >> Mhm. respect for success. >> Unless you are seen growing and compounding and sacrificing and taking risks. Fair. Okay. Here's another one. Those who are greedy to understand the world get more money. >> Those who are greed greedy to understand the world get more money in life than those who are greedy to get more money. Uh I think being greedy to money is saying that I want to be this guy but I don't want to find the process of how do I get there right but people who are greedy to understand the world figure out >> and money just comes as an outcome of that or success comes as an outcome right for example let's say I I'm an aspiring podcaster I want to I want to be like Raj over here and like oh my god I'm going to beat all the numbers he has, but I'm no interest in the process of how he picks his guests and how he gets his content, what does he do, all of that. And I'm not trying to understand what makes things viral. I'm not trying to understand any of that. And I'm only greedy for the end outcome. I'm less likely to get it. But people are greedy to understand the world. >> It starts like that. >> Sorry. Don't you think it starts with just not necessarily because uh sometimes you just discover money as an accidental outcome of some of the things that you're pursuing. Did you expect you to make so much revenue when you started? >> Did you do this for money? >> No, never. >> You're making a lot of money that as an outcome of what you are still doing for your passion. >> I still don't believe this is making this much money. >> Correct. But the thing is that if you thought that's fine, but unless they understanding how things work. Business is done to make money. There's no question about that. But you do not make a lot of money if you don't understand things. >> So you have to be greedy of understanding things. Being greedy for money doesn't create understanding. the the core loop which compounds is that for example oh do you want to get a six-pack yeah everybody will raise hand >> but that's not the thing like just the discipline the understanding the choices is what creates the outcome no I agree with you but I think this for most people the starting point is I just want to make money I don't care about anything else because I just want to get out of the financial rut of my family >> that's That's that is good starting point. It's not what will get you anything. >> It'll get you some money in the beginning. >> Mushkiller. If your understanding is not growing to make money, you need >> the real currency is understanding and skills. Money is just a score. best athletes. >> You know, just a random fact because you talked about sixacks. I was reading yesterday. I don't know how true that stat is. Uh in America, you're 4x more likely to become a millionaire than to have a six-pack. >> Yeah. I think it's going to become 10 to 12x now because the wealth is constantly growing. >> The percent of people who are having six pack is consistently remain the same. >> So we you you said processdriven understanding >> right? Hm. Do you feel with the way AI is becoming more and more prevalent in our lives, we are less likely to be process driven and more likely to be outcomed driven and that's actually ruining a part of our brain because now I don't care about developing a muscle or developing an interest of process. I only care about the final outcome. >> Um, yes and no. Right. Um if you do not understand how something works, >> your brain will not fully develop. >> Yeah. So that's a true statement. But should you do something the hard way? The answer is no. Right? For example, we all took vehicles to come to this place. >> One could argue that I would have taken few hours to come over here. So the question is that we find efficient paths to achieve the outcome right but doesn't mean that we do not know if you have to walk we can walk or not >> but if you learn to not walk and only vehicle is the only way you'll get there then you are in a problem. >> How do you do that in AI case? >> No. So let's take an example of this. If you were not able to write a single paragraph >> without AI's help, then you're in a big trouble because you'll not even know if AI is in a good job >> which will most likely to happen for >> yeah I'm saying that will happen for most people. So what I'm saying is that dependency will increase and people's brain will going to atrophy. So actually I tweeted about this that the the atrophy that we are going to go through and the dependency on all decision that we take on right see one is auditing a decision one is taking help to take decisions very different if you take AI's help to audit your decisions audit your judgment audit your strategy good idea what should I do the moment you do that the brain will atrophy at a different level which is what I'm worried about in general. >> Uh and see human brain is energy efficient. We don't want to spend our brain on >> So anything that makes our brain energy efficient, we'll keep going down that path. But it's like a little bit like muscle. >> Eventually we make the muscle it become more efficient. Uh and therefore building that muscle is an important trait and unless we become good at building that muscle which is otherwise avoidable most people avoid it. That changes the equation materially. So you have to think about life where hey uh I am going to like push for that atrophy to not happen. I'm going to leverage this to become actually even more curious. Take more ambitious calls, more decisions, more curiosity. >> Then it's very powerful. >> But that's true for any tool in life. >> It's true for any tool in life. So people have become extraordinarily better. >> Using internet and people are still watching fun content on that. The country's average usage now is touching 35GB almost per month per capita without a Wi-Fi usage. By the way, this is just data usage on cellular 35GB. So you wonder 35GB average >> per capita per user in India probably the highest in the world. >> When was the last time you got offended? >> I don't get offended. I I >> was last time >> I don't think I I have no memory of getting offended because I I my filter is of information. >> I don't I don't have the filter of offended and not offended. I I usually I'm either curious or not curious, interested, not interested. That I can give you very clear answers about. But offended, not offended is not the filter. >> Do you have any insecurity? >> Uh insecurity of becoming uh not be able to understand something, not able to figure out something is a huge it's a huge uh thing that I it's not an insecurity, it's a worry I have. It keeps me up that do I get it? >> But physically or personally, do you have anything? >> Emotionally, no insecurity. >> I'm I'm sure when I grew up, I had the same insecurities as everybody else did, but eventually realized that these are all less important things. >> Have you ever gone in a room full of people and felt inferior? >> Not anymore. For example, I didn't know how to speak proper English till I was like 23, 24. I could not that I can claim that I could speak well now also but the thing is that that time I would worry that I would just be a listener for example I remember distinctly that my biggest trigger of joining MBA was I would read economic times right and I would feel like oh my god it's like alien it's a little bit like you want to see under the ocean you don't know how to swim like it's a little bit of that right but now I don't think uh but I think I gone to solve these barriers versus likeomic >> you can you can do that >> but I have never done that I'm like >> and then you just went deeper and deeper to solve that up >> insecure so you worked on your on the things that bothered you >> yeah and I think once you understand >> ignored >> or ignored >> ignored something that bothered tells >> um no I usually address it. >> I usually address it. It's a good signal to know where to work on. >> It's a good indicator. It's like engine light. So something bother is a good place. >> I don't ignore it usually. uh and try to understand also why it bothers me. sometimes discover it's not worth bothering about >> I do this I I write notes on like let's say weekly or 20 days make whenever I get angry or bothered I write down I get bothered or angry and then whenever I have time >> you should write down why did I get bothered >> so that's what and then whenever I have time at the end of the weekend or somewhere or I'm in a long flight I open those notes and be like okay is time I got angry why did I get angry where is this coming If you if you go more into why >> emotions will disappear. >> The word why is a very powerful thing to go into logic versus emotions. >> So I would say if more people used why they would be less emotional. You said something about India on this point. What was that? >> On again you tweeted that it's hard to imagine for rationality to be at forefront in a society where emotions are celebrated and lack of it is resented. So for example, robot or somebody who's controlling their emotions. >> So we can't expect rationality to be at forefront over there. >> Is that one of the reasons which is holding us to be very prosperous? >> I don't think so. Prosperity is a very complex topic. Right? For example, I would say uh one gender is working and second gender is not contributing to workforce. No country has become rich by one gender working. It's a much bigger factor than emotions and non-emotions. Right? So complex topic but rationality and curiosity, reason, productivity is important. For example, you will never see country getting prosperous without them really valuing time. You will not see a one country that will become prosperous without valuing time. You will never see country prosperous. You talk about it a lot. No, but it's evidence. It's evidence, right? So uh uh if I found a country that became prosperous by being dumb chill I'm very interested in that and I'm not even saying that we should chase that metric I don't know if it's the right metric to chase okay we should become rich I don't know >> who who knows is the right metric for example we say oh we should try to make people healthy and make them live longer but what if they are not wanting to live who decides that metric right in the past people used to live a good life, die at a good age. Now we keep extending the age by doing medical interventions. Is that a good thing? I don't know. So I I what what I don't like to do is build these firm views. I'm just saying if you want prosperity, >> if you want six pack, should we want six pack? I don't know. >> Should we want prosperity? I don't know. Should we want success? I don't know. Mhm. >> What I know, if you want this, you have to do this. >> But when you ask people, they all say they all want everything. >> Yeah. But they they don't want to do anything about it. >> That's the change we have to do. >> And it's okay to not want some of these things. I know many people who are like very clear >> which is great. Which is great. Problem is when the ambition that comes out of M doesn't say an example, right? We get super offended when somebody talks about working more hours. Huh? Why? >> Why get offended by somebody telling you to work harder? >> Why do you think people get offended when they talk about? >> Because when people get offended is usually coming from a place where they know there's some truth to it. Offense doesn't come when there is absence of truth. uh if we remark through somebody that this don't even feel is 1% true, we're less likely to get a reaction out of that. If the person is saying that the country is not going to get prosperous. For example, let's talk about work from home for us. I mean the the whole work life balance situation right now, days first. So then are we being selective? >> I am very happy if you take the western things and we take all of it then selectively 5 days a week but we'll not say True. People don't go to some distant relative's wedding. >> People don't take 15 days break for their brother or sister's wedding. So we we tend to get confused >> through selective data. And then there's some truth to it. So we get offended. >> Yeah. For example, if you ask most Indians, are we the best culture in the world? Most people will say yes. If you ask them, how many other cultures have you visited and studied? Indian culture is not great. That's why truth seeeking removes the fence. Do you think in general are we becoming more offensive? >> We becoming sensitive because we have this concept. I I've said this multiple times that when you build reputation before substance, you will get offended very fast, right? And younger people have that unique problem that they are designed to get offended because of their their world that they create around them. >> This 2,000 people like liking world. And but if you say you said one of the best things which I think you've said it to me was most of the young people are worried about the reputation they don't have. >> Beautiful. Like so true. >> Why did you say that? And what do you think? What did you observe? No, because the same thing. you know, they are like worried about how they look, what their image is, their brand, their all of that stuff. And and I'm like, nobody cares about these things eventually. And like you're worried about these things. And I think that repetition prevents them from learning more things because they're worried about their image too much. All right? For example, I see them I see the generation seeking the least amount of help from people because it's I'll look small if I ask help. So the growth is stopped. They're finding it much more comfortable to ask charg. But some help is better to be asked by a person. >> But you don't see them them seeking help. >> Oh, I have to be like maintain my aura. So they are sure failure in private because they don't want to be seen. Asking for help. Mhm. >> Why is this happening? Because social media people you're not in touch with they don't know you. >> They know your image about you. They have a brand perception about you. They >> So I want to maintain that image was the thing. >> Yeah. But but that's what I'm saying. Those are the exact people who find it hard to ask for help. What I'm saying is that it's so much more now. >> How do we break out of this repetition? Let's say for you'll rarely see success in people who have stopped caring about shame. Shameless important ingredient. >> I believe >> you reached out for the podcast for the first time to me. You didn't care. you were just shameless enough to ping. >> I said yes. I didn't know whatever. For example, I remember like I discovered so much later Instagram. I didn't care about all these things. Like I was like, okay, sure, do it. Like >> uh uh and what I discovered is that people who reached out were shameless, got the benefit of that. Now I'll be more selective about who reaches out and who I'll say yes to or not say yes to. But earlier you were shameless enough to reach out. You got that. You said I got the highest views for you initially and that was great. What if you had not reached out thinking that yeah what if he says no? I'm sure people have said no to you in the beginning. How many people said no to you in the beginning? >> First 200 guest nobody came. 200 first random. >> Perfect. So, but most people don't get to 200 and and shamelessness. Shame. >> See, that's what I'm saying. For most people, there's a huge shame. Rejection is a huge shame. Being left on red is huge shame for people. Why do people talk about it? Red zone. Don't double text. You ask any young person, double texting is almost a sin for them. But don't maybe >> you'll be surprised. Ask the younger team members. >> Scene zone, right? Like the >> scene zone, red zone, double texting. Ask the younger people in your team. H like will you double text? >> Yeah. Or how do you perceive somebody who double text? >> How do they perceive if you asked? >> You should check like desperate. it's it's a real >> Who makes these rules though? >> Insecurities. Human insecurities. All rules. All of these come from human insecurities. >> See, I believe you need to be shameless. That is so true. Everybody needs to be shameless in order to win. But what% of people threshold is >> No, shameless is a binary term. >> Like what we're talking about is I would never even think that this is shameful. Reaching out to somebody on an email and or Instagram. >> Not for everyone. Not for everyone. Okay. I'm going to do a thought experiment with you. A lot of team members are outside. experiment. Um, all of them have to act like a a beggar on the street and whoever gets 100 rupees wins a big prize. How many people will agree to this experiment? Number two, how many people will be able to pull this off? Number three, how would they think about themselves? Some people you know shameless you know you can already identify which four five people will just go and get the 100 rupees also >> exactly >> like I know you would go I would go like very like zero there's nothing in it it's just >> exactly but it's not >> good story to tell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> yeah I've done it once in college as a as a bet >> yeah so shame is directly It's preventing success for sure. >> True. And if you won't Yeah. Actually, if you won't be shameless, you won't get the opportunity that you want. You won't get the girl that you want. You won't get anything. Anything >> any level of success that you're actually looking out for? >> Anything. >> What's the level of shame which is accepted or not? Is there some shame? >> There's no such thing >> because there has to be some thin line, right? like not be >> see means saying oh you become creepy is a very different thing. >> Yeah. Would you be offended if somebody reaches out to you 20 times? >> No absolutely not. Why would I be offended by that? >> Like you're just like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like you'll block that person like irritate you because you didn't reply once or you didn't reply twice. >> But most people have no craft in reaching out to you, right? They don't establish the value that they provide to you. They send the same text. Like for example, a lot of people are guess if you see most people's DMs of uh uh thing, hi, hello, hello, hey, hey, hello. Like nobody's saying anything more. >> So that's the and how do you get over let's say a lot of people would reach out to a lot of people. That's saying we to establish value. Why would somebody give time attention? Most people underestimate that. >> This also goes back to the school years, right? We not taught to date. We're not taught to approach. We're not taught to sell ourselves. We're not taught to actually go out and go get people. >> Same thing. No, >> it's the same opportunities. >> The whole thing not like what is this whole like this thing that uh uh like Zakir comedian talks about Sakla? What is that? M >> is this not >> is there don't go out on >> I can't ask how I got to maintain my >> how can somebody break out of this >> by accepting that there's success outside of this >> because I'm trying to go to my life >> and thinking about >> but you'll see many people who come from business families are not naturally less see look at all the people who are misbehaving at the airport are usually from business families shame Shame because shame like I'm thinking shame or shamelessness. >> I've always you probably got more shame in Bombay than where you are originally from. >> Oh yeah 100%. >> Like oh you can't behave this way. >> 100%. So the only way it is just mentally you have to tell yourself that okay there's success on the other side. >> And that's it. There's no other way for me to do it. >> Yeah. But you have to be crafty about it. You can't just like oh my message. >> Then you will get blocked. >> Yeah. For example, I say let's talk about dating scenario. What does this person want in their life? For example, let's say I'm reaching out to an investor. email pitch if you do not take any effort to find out what kind of stuff this person is likely to react to homework zero but everything else so I'll just do >> same thing in dating if you do not know what this person is expecting >> randomly you'll text >> so you will just say hello hi hello hello hi doesn't And you usually know what homework to do. There's no >> usually people who are interested to really get it right, they will do the homework. >> They'll figure out >> or find out. That's the way to think about it. >> You said s let this be the last question. You said >> actually second last. Okay. You said sat long, alpha male if you want to put it. What's alpha male according to you? >> No, sorry. I don't think Sat Land is alpha model. I think I think I think uh someone like Zak does a fantastic job to actually make this into a humorous thing to this that it's almost a problematic slash uh insecure version of somebody to protect to pretend to be this person, right? and and and uh he's also kind of giving the other side to explain the nuance of what really it means internally to feel that way. But I think uh the whole thing around alpha whatever I I mean I I remember asking this question to Karan Johar once at one of the events I hosted is >> hey why are these movies doing big success and he's like kunal this has happened every decade this whole angry young man of different type has come back again and again in different forms it's existed from the beginning and I was like yeah that makes sense it's just that we feel this every now and then because it's almost It's a cycle that repeats >> right so I think uh anything that is different for a society's norm gets attention then again it becomes normal then we'll again have somebody who's loving and like this loving personality will again win so it'll be a cycle >> it's the same thing humans are very predictable that way fashions have exactly the same cycles >> these things of expecting personal ity is to be in cycle same thing continues. >> But what's your definition of alpha male? >> I don't think there is I I think to me these are uh uh uh more biology definitions uh versus uh a human definitions uh in in biology is very simple that somebody who has more success to get resources or mating success is known to be alpha >> but human life doesn't work that way. We are not like some animals living in some jungle that we have to create this particular thing. So uh uh leadership is natural. For example, it's very simple, right? Um leadership to me is followership, right? If somebody creates followership, people would follow them. >> Do something because they said >> That's leadership. It's alpha, beta, gamma, theta. I don't understand all stuff. Leadership, followership is very simple. >> And followship doesn't mean I follow somebody for because they're humor. That's not followership. Follow >> how influential you are. >> Influential to make somebody make sacrifices, >> not watch a real just because you send >> That's not influence. >> All attempts to differentiate end up becoming attempts to belong. Yeah, that's a pattern I observed is that look at all the Gen Z who decide to not post anything. They only have highlights sometimes and no posts. Like that's their thing. >> they did that to differentiate with older people. But now all Genz's do it. >> But somebody must have started the trend. Now that person must be feeling significant in their head. >> Yeah. So I think all attempts to differentiate becomes an attempt to belong eventually. >> Okay, last again. Sorry, but resourceful people create more wealth than insightful people. >> You need to explain me this. What do you mean by resourceful people? What do you mean by insightful people? And why one over other? >> So insightful people tend to know why things work the way they work. They have good efficient methods to understand the reasons behind stuff. >> But resourceful people are actually the the people who so if you'll see many people in small towns who make a lot of wealth are not very insightful people. They're just very good at making money. They're very resourceful. What I mean by resourceful is like if you tell them sir then the resourceful person comes to help not an insightful person. or some people who say figure out. Think about your own team members also. You will see that the insightful people are not the one you rely on. The resourceful people you rely on. >> So there is a difference between the two. Like if you are not the type that and and we all of us have we all of us know this type of people. >> Yeah. Who will we call if you got stuck with police or legal issues or some challenge or some topic or some help some person you know >> the right person and they are not most insightful people they just get stuff they don't think in obstacles they think in outcomes >> is there a way to become resourceful >> h I think first is removing your shame reluctance resistance and just being there and just happening to the world. See there is two types of people. People who happen to the world and people uh and the second type is where world happens to them. If you are the first type, you are resourceful. >> You need to be valuable to the world. >> No, you need to happen to the world like you change the world. You shape the world. You make things happen. You get stuff done. You don't worry about obstacles. You you your existence creates change. >> Are you that in even the smallest room? >> And then just get >> and people do well in life and most people stuff happens to them. >> Yeah. They just live. >> Yeah. They they are perpetual somewhat of a sufferer of the world. >> True. Love it. Thank you so much. It was pleasure having you again and my pleasure. >> I'll have you again whenever next time you're ready. It's always good to talk to you. >> How are you doing? >> Good man. I was just telling you that going to young people's office is like going to a rap here. Break the case. Day one. >> It works. It works. It works for us. I know. I know. I'll reach out to you because people need to appreciate what the hell has happened. Uh and and business folks need to treat this into a very serious business podcast versus like some motivational stuff. It's like boss. It's hardcore. It's not some there is lot of serious juice which goes on. >> There is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way you going to get this kind of numbers by just like being a child doing stuff. There's some serious athlete stuff going on over here. Thank you so much. number conversation can change someone's life. I'll see you next time. Until then, keep figuring out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vikashkumar_1 [2 likes]: "you will notice that people who who talk more about politics are usually powerless in life" - kunal shah

it's so true. really true.
  2. @GlueGenieShubhangi [1 likes]: I watch movies without any breaks , also I watch movies very rarely which I want to watch not what the media trp or anything or anyone wants me to watch
  3. @siddusiddartha262: 1.Convert fear into curiosity 
2.successfull people are extraordinary at keeping secrets.
👌
  4. @Piyush-i7t8x: Efficiency in hindi is क्षमता
  5. @mind_needs: Watch in both hands???
  6. @AbdulmuheetDikko: The conversation is top notch and insightful 👏

Raj I have a suggestion…your audience and fans are not only from Indian. If you invite a guest and he speaks other languages apart from English or say some words that are not English, it will be better if you can be translating does words in English…

All the way from Nigeria 🇳🇬 I love what you do keep it up 
Thanks ❤
  7. @Aditithelifecatalyst: I liked this sentence “comfort zone is most infertile land.”
  8. @sopankshirsagar3725: Its not Bombay 
Its mumbai.. please correct it from next time
  9. @faizanrasheed7123: 1:40:00 from here
  10. @yogitapahuja4463: Shamani ji i watch lots of your Podcast but this one give me insight that I am a insightful person not resourceful. kunal Shah great observations 🫡.
  11. @mastilife3: hindi version upload this podcast
  12. @arfareaz5764: Virat kohli
  13. @RaeesFurniture: Best podcast
  14. @laudebro: Labubu part ko recreate Karna hai Apne. Me
  15. @mishranewschannel: ❤❤❤
  16. @247Empowerment: Really insightful conversation 🔥
  17. @feminist_guy: for the twitter question ....i would align iq thought with the number of followers ,,,people will be more attracted to users with iq or we can say popularity or followes
  18. @sourabhjaiswal1539: Bhai gareeb ne video shuru Kiya English samjh nhi aa rha 😂
  19. @kunalh6666: It looks like kunal shah baths every once a week, in fiday ....
From kunal to another kynal 😅❤😂
  20. @solankivikram4947: Please upload hindi

- I Have A Fear Of Spending Money?: Kind: captions Language: en foreign ER is with us in uh Atlanta Georgia hey Connor welcome to the Ramsey Show good afternoon Dave and George how are y'all better than we deserve man what's up I have been living on rice and beans for years and I am scared to live a little how many years oh about six um currently 22. um I've I've been in yeah I took your class in high school my parents taught me to leave the Ramsay way uh tripped and fell a couple times but uh I didn't go to college and just instantly started saving every penny I made you know didn't live off time just save save save how much money do you have now I'm currently about 200 000. good for you how old are you 22. 22. you're an old man and um and what what's your household income sir uh about 160 000 a year what do you do for a living I am a call truck driver wow you're killing it okay um okay let's clarify a couple things the Ramsay way is live like no one else so that later you can live and give like no one else that's the Ramsay way not living in a cave and collecting lint and only coming out on Triple Coop on Thursday the rest of your life that's not the Ramsay way okay so generosity and enjoyment should increase as wealth increases okay and I think you're just stuck on the saving part of the button aren't you yeah I'm you know I'm I'm scared to really touch any of it um yeah we've got a flat tire so we've got give save spend that's the only three things you can do with money and you're great at the savings part and so what I would do if I'm in your shoes is I would force myself to have some goals in the giving Arena and the spending Arena that frivolous that feel crazy for Conor at 20. oh my gosh I can't believe I'm spending this much on a vacation I can't believe I'm gonna tip that waitress a thousand dollars but man when you do it it is going to be so freeing Conor uh if I were to step back if if you were to step outside of your body for a minute and just look at your life from a distance and you were looking at your whole situation what's something Conor should be spending money on that he's not oh man I mean I'm not sure just give me two things there's two things you are sure you know exactly what I meant I mean I'd eventually like a vacation a vacation what would be an outrageous vacation for you in your mind Australia okay and what would you spend on this outrageous vacation oh I don't know maybe ten thousand dollars okay and you have two hundred thousand right yeah most of it's tied up though what's it tied up in the stock market in mutual funds or stocks or uh mainly stocks retirement account I have 401k about 60 000 that's in 401. it's not tied up if it's in a stock honey you put in a sell order and you have the money by tomorrow it's not tied up at all there's no rope involved in the stock market they don't use rope there okay okay it's it you're thinking of it properly as a long-term investment not something to jump in and out of but let's pretend that tomorrow you had one hundred and ninety thousand instead of 200. would you still be okay oh yeah okay so I think George is right maybe even we baby steps maybe we don't spend ten thousand maybe we spend five thousand and we go somewhere other than Australia because you do need to spend 10 if you're going to go there but the um but but you know let's baby step it and say I'm gonna because what's happening is Georgia's exactly right the tire's flat and those muscles haven't been worked and we need to work a giving muscle and we need to work a spending muscle so pick out a number that you're going to splurge on giving and find something that makes you cry hungry children in the burn Ward or the Cancer Ward I don't know what is it that makes you cry and give them some money and find something for you and take that same exact amount of money and go do a trip and start to build this muscle maybe find a hobby Dave picked up golfing no no don't do that don't do that that'll it causes all kinds of too much stress there's too much mental illness associated with that no but yeah find something that's fun yeah don't do that

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lourd-Bab [200 likes]: Amazing video, A friend of mine referred me to a financial adviser sometime ago and we got to talking about investment and money. I started investing with $150k and in the first 2 months, my portfolio was reading $274,800. Crazy right!, I decided to reinvest my profit and get more interesting. For over a year we have been working together making consistent profit just bought my second home 2 weeks ago and care for my family.
  2. @mustasheolll2020 [2 likes]: I have this. It’s because YES money is really that hard to get, there is such thing as valuing money too much.
  3. @GILane [1 likes]: You hit the nail on the head ... something that feels frivolous... can't get myself to do it.
  4. @Da_Spiritualist [1 likes]: Still you need to live your life man, when you die you won't take your money with you.
  5. @0569138373: hit the gym at best levels
  6. @mustasheolll2020: Most on here are trapped by fear, I feel fortunate and lucky I managed to break out of it year in my life at 23/24.  But really many on here are batshit crazy, like don’t spend more than half your income on a car when you have six figures in savings? COME ON, that’s not thinking logically 🤦🏼‍♂️

Don’t follow your emotions ppl
  7. @mustasheolll2020: Most ppl on here are. This channel and many Reddit firms like Personal Finance are full of some of the biggest cheapskates I’ve seen in my life
  8. @jannellschroder6922: If the poor kid is terrified of spending anything especially spending anything on himself for all the hard work he's done why the hell would he want to give a random waitress a thousand 50 bucks 100 so nice a thousand what is he Donald Trump advice is a little far-fetched I'm sorry😊
  9. @akl000: He invested some of it.
  10. @Friend98980: Money is not for saving money is not for spending money is for financial freedom if you think money is for saving you save untill die without using it if you think money is for spending you will spending anywhere within days and go broke but you use money as a tool which keeps you away from begging to other in needs
  11. @chunkin9799: This is why I don't buy the excuses that young people can't live in 2025. I made a fraction of what this kid is making when I was 22. The amount of opportunity and absurd amount of money available today is insane.
  12. @FailTeacher: Same fear. I have about 350,000$. However, I have been traumatized since childhood: my parents almost lost their home back in the days and I witnessed helplessly their terror on a daily basis... never talk about money in front of your kids!
  13. @RALOBLACK: This kid will have 5 million before 35 at the rate he’s going great job
  14. @stei0614: Have you tried becoming a liberal and sending it to Ukraine or Palestine
  15. @drgandrzs: 200,000 @3% per year would be about 6600.. there's your holiday
  16. @jag4790: George Sure has a crap eating look on his face when he hears peoples calls.
  17. @GILane: That's a good way to put it - find something that makes you cry. But nothing really makes me cry.
  18. @Warley.Araujo: Great One!!
  19. @Tehui1974: They didn't even ask him about his financial situation like whether he had any debts, etc.
  20. @pudgehhy: Connor if you’re reading this hit me up to come to Australia. Will help you do it for $5k! You’re a legend

- Why are politicians so DAMN RICH?!: Kind: captions Language: en (slurping sounds) - All right, let's do this. Check this out. On September 19th, 2008, Republican Congressman Spencer Bachus made a trade that was effectively a bet that the stock market would drop. His trade meant that for every percentage point that the NASDAQ dropped, his investment would go up by 200%. This is what's known as shorting the market, and it was actually a brilliant bet, because take a look what happens over the next four days. (intense upbeat music) Oh, and this is when he sells, nearly doubling his investment. It was an amazing trade. It was almost as if he could see the future. Wait, what's this? Ah, the day before he made this trade, Bachus was sitting in a room in a private meeting with the top officials of the US Treasury and Fed. The meeting was so secret that everyone had to hand over their phone before entering the room. The people that Bachus was meeting with were the ones who were in charge of making sure that everything was under control in the US economy. But this was September, 2008 and things were not under control. - This could be the most serious recession in decades. - So in this meeting, Bachus was told that quote, it was a matter of days before there was going to be a meltdown in the global financial system. - Let's talk about the speed with which we are watching this market deteriorate. - We're down over 16%. - Okay, so that explains why he was able to make this brilliant trade. He knew when the market was about to crash, because he had intel from within. But what's crazy is that Bachus's short on the market wasn't breaking any rules. It was totally legal. Luckily, we have financial disclosures, all of the stocks that lawmakers buy and sell, public information. So we can see who's making trades based on insider information. And we've used all of this information to make a list for you, a list of the lawmakers that we see as some of the best investors in our country. And in this video, I want to explain how their insider knowledge may help them make the best bets on Wall Street. - [Reporter] There's all sorts of insider trading happening in Congress. - [Male Reporter] That's because they're corrupt. They wanna keep making money from that inside trading. - [Reporter 2] The American people should know that a member of Congress is never leaving a classified briefing and calling their stockbroker. (intense music) - So, we in the West love a good free market, buy, sell, and invest as you please. But, for certain people who have special insider information about the economy, we have rules to stop them from gaming the system with their knowledge. We passed these laws like a century go. They're called insider trading laws. - Insider trading. - Basically, they prohibit people from selling an investment like stocks, using non-public information. This includes tipping this info to other people who then go buy the stocks based on that insider information. And an insider is anyone who is an officer or director or 10% stakeholder, or anyone who possesses insider information, because of his or her relationship with a company. This could be like the daughter of a CEO who has insider information, because she talked to her dad around the dinner table about what the company's gonna do next. So if you're the CEO of Microsoft, you're not allowed to sell a bunch of your stock the day before you release an earnings report that shows that your company's profits are down, which will likely trigger like a drop in the stock price. A free market needs to be a fair market too, so that the insiders aren't always the ones with the knowledge to make the best trades. Okay, so while insider trading laws are very clear when it comes to business executives, there's a group of people in our society to whom these rules kind of don't apply, lawmakers. - Historically, Congress has had no restrictions when it comes to trading stocks. For most of American history, insider trading laws that affected CEOs, didn't apply to members of Congress. - Lawmakers hear loads of private information. They sit on committees, where they investigate and talk to businesses all the time. This stuff affects the economy and thus the stock market. And a lot of it is private. They know this stuff before the rest of us do. And yet, for most of our history here in the United States, lawmakers have been able to buy and sell stocks with very little restriction, (crowd applauds) and that is why this report exists. (smacking sounds) This brilliant study recreates all of the trades that senators made over the course of four years in the 90s and found that consistently these senators had abnormal positive returns, like way better than some of the best investors in our country. - [Narrator] A study of data from the 1990s showed senators' trades outperformed the market by 12% per year. That crushes investment guru Warren Buffett, who only managed to beat the market by 2.5% that decade. - Hmm, okay. So either these civil servants are just like super savvy investors, or as the study suggests, the senators knew the appropriate time to buy and sell their common stocks. Like we're all kind of guessing when we're playing the stock market, everyone's guessing what's gonna happen next. If you kind of know what's gonna happen next, because you're like privy to information about the economy, you can play the game a lot better. - If we were trading stocks based on insider info, we'd go to prison. They don't go to prison. This happens out in the open. - And then, as banks in the stock market were collapsing in 2008, lawmakers once again made headlines with their surprisingly successful and suspiciously timed trades. In 2012, the Washington Post did a big investigation into this and found that in the lead up to the 2008 meltdown, had least 34 lawmakers from both sides of the aisle, changed portions of their portfolios, 166 times within two business days of speaking with administration officials. So many of these lawmakers are making loads of money while the economy is melting down around them. When asked about their shady transactions, lawmakers such as John Boehner quote, declined to discuss their transactions. After this blatant display of insider knowledge, it became more and more clear that lawmakers were using their knowledge to enrich themselves. And it was not a great look at a time when millions of Americans were losing their life savings and jobs and houses. - It was the worst day on Wall Street, since the crash of 1987. - Oh, but remember, it was still legal. They weren't breaking any rules. It was their right to do this. But the pressure mounted. And in 2012, they passed a law on themselves. We have an act of Congress. Look at this. 112th Congress passing laws to regulate their own greed. I love this. - The idea that everybody plays by the same rules is one of our most cherished American values. - Oh, and look at the name of the law. This is the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act. The Stock Act, pretty clever. This law bans Congress from buying and selling stocks based on insider information and requires them to publish all of their trading activity, which is one reason why I have all of this paper. They're like now required to disclose all of their stock trading. Great, 2012, they passed the law. Problem solved, right? Well no, not according to our reporting. Despite this law, we still have a list that I'm now about to show you. (upbeat music) This is a list of all the lawmakers who went on to continue to make savvy trades in the market, all while still being totally clued in to private and privileged information about the economy. Okay, first up, we've got the financial disclosure of Republican Senator Richard Burr from North Carolina. (ominous music) In January, 2020, before any of us really knew that the world was literally about to shut down, Burr was the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. On January 24th, he together with a bunch of senators were briefed on secret information about how bad the Coronavirus pandemic really was about to get. And according to this unsealed FBI document, a few days later, Burr discussed some of that non-public information that he had learned in the briefing with someone via text. Who was that someone? Their name was, redacted. We don't know, because it's an FBI thing. Doesn't matter. What we do know is that minutes after this call, Burr logs into his trading account and sells $110,000 worth of stocks. That same day, literally at 3:43 that same day, right after he sells his stocks, like a few hours later, the White House comes out and says that they're going to ban people from traveling to the United States if they've been to China in the last 14 days. Soon after selling all of his stocks, Senator Burr writes an op-ed for Fox News claiming that the US is quote, better prepared than ever to face the Coronavirus threat. And yet Burr continues to sell his stocks. This is his disclosure from February of 2020 and the guy's going kind of nuts on sales. All of this whole entire row are all sales. This guy is selling, sell, sell, sell. In this time period, Burr moved over a million dollars from stocks into Treasury securities, which is an investment that is super safe during an economic downturn. But what was crazy is that the stock market was at an all-time high and he just sold essentially all of his stocks. And then look what happens. And while he was downplaying the severity of the pandemic in public, in private, he was spilling the beans like in this secret recording of obtained by NPR, where Burr is telling a group of his social club. - [Richard] There's one thing that I can tell you about this, it is much more aggressive in its transition than anything that we have seen in recent history. It's probably more akin to the 1918 pandemic. - According to an investigation by ProPublica, Burr also passed his private info to his brother-in-law in a call that lasted only 50 seconds. And the very next minute, his brother-in-law called up his broker and dumped between 97,000 and 280,000 US dollars in shares. I mean, if this isn't insider trading, I don't know what is. And yet it's impossible to prove anything. Burr himself might even be convinced that this wasn't insider trading and that he's just a really smart investor and that he did all of this based on publicly available information. And indeed the SEC and Department of Justice investigated this, but ultimately dropped the matter. Oh, and fun fact, Burr is like one of three senators who voted against the insider trading law, the Stocks Act. So yeah, we know where he stands. Okay, that was kind of a longer one. Not all of them are gonna be that in depth. Next up, we've got this monstrosity of a document. We are looking at the financial disclosure of Congressman Ro Khanna from California. Look at this, it's like dozens and dozens of pages and they are effectively unreadable. What's the point of disclosing your financial transactions if no one can read them? These disclosures show that since 2019, Congressman Khanna's family has made at least 10,500 trades involving nearly 900 companies. Oof, it's quite a few. Okay, like not a crime to make a lot of trades. What's the deal? A lot of these trades, most of these trades were done through a trust that belongs to like his wife and kids. - Well, it's not, I don't trade at all. I'm up for banning trade. It's my wife's money, which I have no actual legal rights to. - But, when you look at what companies are being bought and sold, you see that of the 897 companies traded by his family, 149 of them were ones that Khanna likely had non-public information about, because of his role as a congressman who sits on a bunch of committees. Like for example, he sits on the House Oversight Committee, which is a committee that has directly investigated drug prices for companies like AbbVie, at the same time that his wife was trading in AbbVie stock. You're right, it was his wife, not him. But you see, you see this is not okay. And this wasn't the only one. The New York Times did an investigation that found loads of instances where Khanna's wife and kids were trading in companies that were being actively investigated by Khanna himself, at the same time. Examples include weapon manufacturers, like Lockheed Martin, big pharma companies, like Johnson and Johnson. Yes, technically it was his wife and kids doing it, not him. But come on, this feels kind of like a blurry line, but it also feels really clear like you shouldn't be able to trade stock if your husband is investigating the company that you're trading stock in. Also, these are his children. Like, they're not the ones deciding what stocks they're gonna buy and sell. So yeah, feels off to me. But again, there's no way to prove this. There's no like direct smoking Ganesh type thing that's like, this is insider trading. Anyway, let's move on. (cheerful music) And then there is Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi, a democrat from California who served as Speaker of the House for years. Speaker of the House is a role that has major influence on what laws get through our system. Nancy Pelosi is also married to an investor. So yeah, the story told in these financial disclosures is one of Nancy Pelosi being married to a very, very good investor, especially during financial turmoil in America. In the two years following the 2008 financial crisis, the Pelosis' estimated net worth grew from $31 million to over a $100 million. That's up 220%, all while the S and P 500 fell by 13%. The Pelosis also did super well during the pandemic, seeing their net worth jump from a $106 million to $171 million, within in like the two years of the pandemic, that's an increase of 60% during the pandemic. And I mean, listen, like let's be fair on this. I'm sure Paul Pelosi is a fantastic, savvy investor, and there's frankly no evidence of foul play or anything insider trading here, but there doesn't have to be. The very fact that a professional investor lives in the same home as the woman who is at the center of the American legal and regulatory system, presents a major conflict of interest, in my opinion. But I know it's tricky because I believe that people should be able to do what they want with their money. But when we pay our lawmakers to handle special information, it feels off to me when suddenly those lawmakers are making bank during financial meltdowns. But it's not just these financial meltdowns and recessions where they do well. The Pelosis sold $3 million worth of Google stock, just a few weeks before the DOJ announced that it was suing Google for anti-trust reasons, like right before their stock tanked. Did Pelosis know that the DOJ was going to investigate? Do we know? No, we don't know. But the timing was fishy. And besides, there's plenty more examples here. Like when Paul Pelosi bought millions of dollars of Tesla stock, while his wife was passing laws that would directly impact the value of Tesla, like major taxpayer sponsored electric car subsidies. Or when he dumped millions of dollars of Nvidia stock, days before the US government announced that it would restrict chip makers from trading with China and Russia. I mean, the Pelosi investor-lawmaker combo has been so successful that people have started copying their trades. - Oh man, Nancy Pelosi's back at it again. You know what they say, "you wanna see how to be successful in trading stocks? Just watch what Nancy Pelosi is doing". - She literally locked in a 20% gain for you, because it sold when she sold. - She's like a meme within the investor community because of this. And when a journalist asked her in a press conference about these allegations of insider trading or if this should be banned, this was her response. - No, to the second one. (reporters mumbling) Because this is a free market and people, we are a free market economy, they should be able to participate in that. - And I mean, yes, she's right. This is a free market economy. People should be able to do what they want with their money, even if they are civil servants who frankly do a difficult job every day. But a free market is not a fair market if some people, especially civil servants are operating with information that affects the market and using that information to get rich. But again, all of this is legal. Like no one's breaking any rules here, at least overtly. You can't prove that a law was broken. And even if you could, the only people who have the power to really change it and enforce this are the people who are making money off of the lobbying really lax. More on that in a second, but let's get back to our list. - [Female Reporter] Republican Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, once again defending her controversial rhetoric. - Next up, we've got Marjorie Taylor Greene. She's number 12 on the best performing stock investors in our Congress. So naturally, we had to take a look. On February 22nd, 2022, a little over a year ago, Greene invested in Lockheed Martin, which is a defense contractor, and Chevron, which is a giant oil company. The next day, she puts out this tweet, war and rumors of war is incredibly profitable and convenient. Okay, and then the day after that, Russia invades Ukraine. Her investment in a defense contractor and an oil giant. It made her a good amount of money. But who knows, could have been a whole coincidence or could have been public information. We all kind of knew that Putin was thinking of invading. It's all technically legal and unprovable. But, if you wanna go down another rabbit hole on how lawmakers profit from war and the military industrial complex, check out our video on who got rich off the war in Afghanistan. Anyway, moving on. Next up, we've got Kelly Loeffler, former Senator from Georgia. Loeffler was also in that private CDC Senate Health Committee briefing that her colleague Richard Burr attended. And look, the next day she's tweeting out her thanks for this wonderful briefing. What you've forgot to mention was that within hours of the meeting, she and her husband sold off between 50,000 and a $100,000 of stocks. (buzzer chimes) And then, according to her financial disclosures in the following weeks, she sold somewhere between 1.2 and $3.1 million in stocks, right before the big market crash on February 20th. (bell chimes) Like, do you realize it's the same exact thing? She had a head start. She had information that none of us had about how bad this really was and she was able to sell all of her stuff at the right time. Like Senator Burr, she was investigated for a while, but nothing ever came of it. I mean, it's kind of tricky like, should Senator Kelly Loeffler like not sell her stocks ever, even if the economy's melting down and we all know it? Like should she be forced to hold on to her stocks? I don't think that's right either. There are some good solutions to this and we'll get to them in a sec. But let's move on to Senator Dianne Feinstein. Who was also in that room in January of 2020, getting briefed on how bad the pandemic was about to be. And like others, right after the briefing, she dumped a bunch of stocks like somewhere between 1.5 and $6 million. Man, these senators have a lot of cash lying around. The FBI questioned Feinstein about this and she said that she had no influence over this, that it was her husband who did the trading and that it was all just impeccably timed all by himself. No dinner table conversations about today's briefing with the CDC. No pillow talk, nothing, lips sealed. Honey, how was your day at work today? Good, but I can't tell you about it because it was a privileged briefing because you might go off and sell all of our stocks and avoid us losing hundreds of thousands of dollars, 'cause the market's probably gonna crash soon. So I'm just gonna stay totally quiet, because the Stocks Act says so. Like no, I'm not saying that Feinstein told her husband to sell stocks. I'm saying that it's absurd to think that a husband and wife don't talk about everything in a normal conversation and a conversation that would probably be laced with inadvertent, insider information that maybe as benign sounding as an update on your day or how your day at work was. It's just a natural conflict of interest. And yes, the FBI backed off and closed the investigation like they did for everybody else. Okay, let's get to one more case on our list. This is by no means a comprehensive list of everyone who has had suspicious timed trades. It's just sort of our highlights. And this is the last but not least. Former Senator David Perdue, who traded 2,596 times in a single term. The New York Times did this great deep dive on those trades and found that he regularly bought and sold stocks in companies that fell under the Senate Oversight Committee, which he was on. One very clear example in all of this is 2016, Perdue made a bunch of trades in a company called FireEye. It's a cybersecurity company that had, oh, landed a 30 million contract with the federal government. It operates out of Purdue's home state of Georgia, and most of these trades in this company happened while he was sitting on the cybersecurity panel, a role that could easily give him non-public industry and business information about companies like FireEye, which he owned stock in. Two years later, Perdue reported that he made up to $15,000 off of his investment in FireEye. He also traded in a bunch of financial institutions, like JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America, while he was supposed to be overseeing them as a member of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee. Like conflict of interest, regulating the companies that you are personally invested in. Like it's so clear I don't even have to explain like it's. Okay, well that's it. So this is all pretty frustrating and like not right, but wait, what happened to the Stocks Act? Like, what? Where's that law? Remember the Stocks Act? Remember this, 2012? Didn't they like pass a law that said, you're not allowed to do this anymore? Kind of. - Lately, I've been talking a lot about the choices facing this country. We can settle for a country that in the economy where a shrinking number of people do exceedingly well, while a growing number struggle to get by or we can build an economy where everybody gets a fair shot and everybody plays by the same set of rules. - It turns out that while the acronym is very strong, the legislation is incredibly weak. - It's certainly illegal for members of Congress to partake in insider trading. Proving that is very difficult. - Second, even if you do get caught in this, like not disclosing or sharing insider information, the fine is laughable. - As a lawmaker, you don't face any real significant penalty for violating the Stock Act, if you ultimately do, particularly the disclosure provision, - Theoretically, it's supposed to be like 15 years in prison. But in all of our research, not a single lawmaker has faced any consequences. Even though there's been at least 78 instances where Congress has violated the law very overtly. - You can make tens of millions of dollars with privilege information and what's the penalty for failing to report these purchases? It's a joke. It's as low as $200. - The Stocks Act was never going to prevent members of Congress from making a few extra dollars here and there with their insider information. - We have a free market economy. They should be able to - But here's the thing, lawmakers themselves know that this is a problem. Like this is not a good look. - But I'm actually for banning stock trading. - Members of Congress should not be selling individual stocks, put it in a blind trust, trade in mutual funds. - But it's not really happening anytime soon and it's not hard to see why. I mean, we're talking about Congress having to regulate Congress. - The Speaker put forth really a bill destined to fail and the speaker has employed stall tactic after stall tactic in order to kind of keep delaying what's potentially a vote on any bill that would ban members of Congress from selling stocks. - The tragedy in all of this to me is that both our financial markets, as well as our entire democracy and society are held together by a very important and delicate thing called trust. - If we expect that to apply to our biggest corporations and to our most successful citizens, it certainly should apply to our elected officials, especially at a time when there's a deficit of trust, between this city and the rest of the country. - A democracy can only function if we trust the people running it. And stuff like this, even if technically no rules were broken in an evidence-based way, that undermines trust, it looks really bad. In January, a republican senator who was feeling very snarky, introduced the prevent election leaders from owning securities and investments act, which spells Pelosi. The Pelosi Act. Man, if there's one thing that our elected officials seem to be good at, it's these acronyms that have like really fun optics, but like don't actually do anything. What this says to me is, "no, nothing's going to change", but it just shows the fact that we can like create a meme out of Nancy Pelosi and then dog pile over how insider trading this all looks, even if there is no wrongdoing technically, that's the problem. The optics are the problem. Trust in our democracy is delicate and the optics actually matter. Trust matters. When we erode that trust, we erode our democracy. - If you, for example, are driving down the highway and you're going 55 miles an hour, but it's a 30 mile an hour zone and you know you're only gonna get a $5 ticket, well you might be driving 55 a lot. - What do I do with all this paper now? Hopefully recycle it. Paper's very, very useful for me to understand information, so I do a lot of printing. Anyway, thank you all for watching today's video. I wanna tell you about a couple things. Number one, this poster that I designed with a bunch of map projections on it, this is something I've thought about for years. I'm very excited to finally launch it to the world. It is a map poster about why all maps are wrong and it is these beautiful projections on this really nice paper. It's just kind of a fun art piece for map nerds if you're into that. Also, we have LUTs and presets. If you are interested in coloring your photos or videos, you can do that with our LUTs and presets. That is what we use to color our stuff. I should also tell you about our community over on Patreon called the Newsroom. The Newsroom is a place where the community supports the journalism we are doing here. We are a big operation now. That is why we are able to publish so often. And to do this kind of work, we more and more rely on the community to help support us. So, thank you patrons over at the Newsroom. Newsroom members get a new video every month that is only available to patrons. It is a behind the scenes vlog of just how we do what we do here in the studio. You also get access to my scripts, and a bunch of other things. But more importantly, you are here, a part of this ongoing discussion we're having about how the world works and trying to be smarter and trying to be more informed and trying to be critical thinkers in this day and age of lots of information, some of it true, some of it not. So thank you for being here. Thank you for watching and I will talk to you soon, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [277 likes]: Check out the soundtrack for this video & be sure to subscribe to The Music Room for more soundtracks: https://youtu.be/5EazUhVpOSk
  2. @Gemstone-c2t [1 likes]: GOOD, accelerate...
  3. @oangminh2883 [1 likes]: The only way to end any corruption is to strip away any values from the politicians, either:
1) Sentient beings (like robots)
2) Enlightened monks
  4. @Mandarb7073 [1 likes]: Exposing people from both sides of the table. Good man.
  5. @TheBigChill1: In a country where political corruption is legal... Insider trading is just another self-enrichment tactic allowed to the political oligarchy. What is quite sad is knowing that a huge majority of the American people still believe that the US is a democracy when in reality it never was and is in reality governed by a corporate oligarchic plutocracy. Ages of ultra-nationalist indoctrination along with a really crappy education system created the perfect ignorant population that allow politicians to become corrupt... But nothing will ever make them understand about their own reality since the propaganda still does its thing on dividing to conquer...!
  6. @notorious.442: Imagine have senator Burr having so much time playing with the stock market buying and selling and no time spent preparing for covid during the early stages 😂😂😂
  7. @fereydoonn8709: Politicians should be serving the people they shouldn't have any stocks or portfolios conflict of interest that's simple
  8. @TrentTube: Abuses of power should receive the deth penalty
  9. @zigzag789789: What's with the music
  10. @nikhilrichard9469: You’re doing stories that everyone else has already talked about
  11. @EarthTraveler3087: People dont believe this 
Dont hate the player. Hate the game. 
By any means.
  12. @cascadiaadvancedmanufactur2034: How much more will we put up with? Would our founding fathers have put up with the last 30 years???
  13. @doge-j1n: Special thanks to the US Congress is crazy.
  14. @priyanshsinghchauhan4828: The music on this vidoe is top
  15. @wackycorgi3001: Can this be updated for trump admin 2.0
  16. @jaymarramos246: Can you do documentary about tge Philippines government too, under the Marcos reigns both father and son.
  17. @spd5800: Easy…Lying, Cheating, Stealing, Manipulating, Gaslighting, Hypocrisy, and Act like they’re DOing something for The People when they are actually Lining their pockets.  Senator Bernie Sanders said as much…👍😁
  18. @kidsmomentusa1m: English documentary ❤
  19. @EduardoSuarez-f5m: I was watching the video, and I thought what if I mimic this politicians stock movement 
And then the answer came 15:05 😂
  20. @raerae-y2k: Politicians should make minimum wage.

- How To Get Filthy Rich During a Recession in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en-US - So the stock market will crash. It's happened time and time again. This is the scary truth. However, it doesn't have to be a bad thing. As long as you are properly prepared, you can benefit from the chaos. I've been investing for more than 35 years, and as you can imagine during that time, I've experienced lots of these crashes. However, I always seem to come out the other side wealthier than before. So today I wanna share the knowledge that has helped me make millions through multiple market crashes. By understanding these strategies, you can spot the warning signs of a crash and use them to your advantage. So how common is a market crash? Well, there are three different types of market decline. First is the most common type of decline, a market correction. This is defined as at least a 10% drop from a recent high. These can be caused by various factors, but think of it as the stock market, realizing it's getting a bit expensive and cutting back prices. On average, these have happened around every 1.2 years since 1980. The second most common type of decline is a bear market. Now, you know when you're in a bear market, when prices have dropped more than 20%. Since 1932, these bear markets have popped up on average every four years and eight months. They tend to keep dragging the market down for about 289 days, or roughly 9.6 months. Sure, that sounds like a long time, but keep in mind that bull markets, which is when the market is going up, usually last around 965 days or 2.6 years. The third type is a stock market collapse, which I class as an over 30% drop in the stock market, normally within a very short amount of time, although these are very uncommon, they can happen. In my opinion, if Trump had been unalived, then this could have been a very real scenario. That isn't a political view, just a logical one due to the way the stock market reacts to this kind of thing. The main takeaway from all of this is that if you aren't ready for the stock market to go down sometimes, then you shouldn't be investing in stocks. So how do you spot a market crash? Well, let's discuss the free phases of a market crash so you'll know what to look out for. I'll also share the strategies I use at each stage backed by real life examples from my experience. This way you'll be better prepared than most investors. Remember, I'm not a financial advisor, and this isn't financial advice. I'm just sharing what's worked for me over the years. Number one, the euphoria phase. This is a stage where the market is at its peak and irrational excitement drives prices to unsustainable levels. During this stage, everyone is happy and flying high. When I start seeing this blind happiness, I prepare my investments for when everything comes crashing back to reality. Before the 2008 financial crisis, there was a couple of things that I noticed that really made me cautious about investing. First was the boom in consumer spending. Everyone had money. They were spending thousands and the economy was thriving. A more recent example of this is the NFT craze a couple of years ago. Never in a million years would I have thought that people would buy JPEG image files for millions of dollars. Things like this are a clear sign of too much money in circulation. The second thing I noticed in 2008 was the increase in the number of people buying houses or refinancing. This is because it was easier than ever to get credit as the housing market was booming, which meant if people were unable to pay their mortgages, then the banks could take back the properties without losing any money. Now, it's one thing noticing these little clues, but it's another thing actually taking action and preparing yourself. Between 2007-08, I could have just gone along with the crowd as the general herd mentality was that everything was great and nothing would ever go wrong. But instead, I started to prepare my investments for the worst. At the time, lots of my friends and fellow business owners didn't quite understand the decisions I was making. They may have even seen me as a bit of a coward, but from my perspective, I don't think they understood how much risk they were taking. So if your spidey senses start tinkling, these are some of the things you can do to prepare yourself for the worst. First, I would evaluate and minimize your risk level wherever possible. Personally, I'm not focused on chasing crazy high returns as that's unsustainable for the long term. I just wanna be making reasonable gains consistently so my money compounds. I always think about the story of the tortoise and the hare. I know it might sound boring, especially coming from a boomer, but slow and steady does win the race. If you're new to investing, there's a high chance you haven't experienced a real market crash. It can be horrifying to see your portfolio completely halving in value and sitting deep in the red for a brief period of time. So you have to ask yourself if you could mentally handle this kind of drop without selling your investment. Secondly, I would start to reduce my leverage. Now, on one hand, leverage is a great way to accelerate wealth, but it can also be very dangerous. The thing is, if a stock crashed too far, then your investing platform may issue a margin call, which means you have a limited amount of time to pay off your debts, and if you don't, your brokerage may sell your stocks at the bottom of the market to recover the money you borrowed. If this is something you're considering or even doing, then if I were you, I would be paying some of this debt off. I never use margin, but that's a personal choice, and I'm well aware that by not taking on this risk, I'm missing out on some potential profits. The truth is I've seen too many of my friends go from millionaire status to broke in a blink of an eye. And now I just stay well clear of it. Thirdly, I'd start saving some extra cash in a high interest savings account. I know I bang on about having an emergency fund of three to five months of your living expenses, but I'm talking about saving even more. I did this between 2007-08. From the outside, it looked a bit strange. The market was booming, and by leaving my money in the bank, I wasn't taking advantage of it. However, I noticed that more and more people were getting interested in investing, which tipped me off that there was a bit of a bubble forming. You see, when everyone starts getting comfortable with the idea of investing, it can be a sign that things are about to pop as pricing is being propped up by inexperienced investors. The trouble is that at the first sign of a crash, lots of these people panic sell, which drives the prices down even further, leading to a spiral of doom. Finally, in this stage, I would make sure my investments were properly spread out. This is called diversification, and it's one of the best ways to help withstand a market crash as quite simply per, you haven't got all your eggs in one basket. This is all because you never know what sector is gonna be hit the hardest. During the good times, it can be very common for people to do very well with one or two stocks and end up with most of their money focused in only a couple of different companies. Even if they start out with lots of different stocks, it can almost seem silly to put your money into other things when one stock outperforms all your others. Let's use some of my favorite stocks as an example. Say you have a thousand dollars to invest. Now, you could put all of that into Tesla with the hopes of it going to the moon, but if Tesla gets hit the hardest in a market crash, it won't be great news for your money. Whereas investing into a total US stock market fund would spread your money across multiple different industries. Look, nobody can predict if the stock market's gonna go up or continue downwards. However, diversifying goes some way to reducing your risk. Yes, you can't guarantee returns, but at least you're investing in a broad range of sectors. Another great way to diversify while guaranteeing a return on investment is through something called a high yield cash account. Take a look at this, for example. Let's say you have $5,000 to put by with an additional $250 being saved monthly. Within five years, you'd have earned $3,493 without making a risky investment because the account pays you 5.1% interest that compounds daily. Public offered this account with zero fees or subscriptions required, as well as giving you the ability to invest in thousands of stocks and ETFs with very low fees. I was planning on mentioning Public anyway, so I reached out to them to see if they were interested in sponsoring this video. They agreed on offering a free stock worth up to $300 to anyone that signs up and funds their account. Just sign up for Public, deposit $20 or more, and enter the code MARK2024 via the rewards hub in the public app. I'll leave a link in the description if you're interested, along with some other options if you're not in the USA. Number two, the reckoning phase. I like to call this as everyone gets rudely punched in the face with the truth and only the ones that know how to navigate it will be able to hold their nerve and make some money. This is the phase where the reality of overvaluation sets in, triggering widespread panic and sell offs. What I'm trying to get at is in this phase, the stock market just comes tumbling down and it's next to impossible to be unaffected. Even my son knew something was happening in 2008 and he was only 10. The number of customers that came into my hobby stores halved overnight, and even when they did come in, they didn't spend anything. on the bright side, I had lots of products which I owned, and my warehouses were full. It was sort of a bit like a safety blanket, I suppose. In 2008, I saw dollar stores opening up everywhere. It was the perfect mixture of demand for cheap goods and supply of products from failing businesses. Even if you manage to predict all the signs of the crash and in phase one prepared correctly, phase two is really where you get tested. It's more about human psychology as most people's initial reaction is to sell their investments and cut their losses. You need to seriously ask yourself, what are you gonna do when the market goes down? Everyone says they're long-term investors until the market crashes. It's very easy to be a long-term investor while everything's going up. If you believe in your investments, then you have to hold firm. To have this kind of belief, you need to know why you invested in something. That's why it's so important to understand the fundamentals of a company before investing in their stock. This reminds me of a story Peter Lynch once shared. He's a well-known investor, and back in the day he bought shares in Kaiser Industries when they dropped significantly. The company had zero debt making bankruptcy very unlikely. He thought to himself, how much lower can it go? But the price kept dropping to under $10. He was shocked, but held on and the stock eventually rebounded to $50. The point is, if you don't understand the company, what will you do when the stock keeps dropping? Probably sell and lose out on potential gains. This applies to index fund investors as well. A study by Fidelity actually found out that if you invested $10,000 in a simple S&P 500 index fund between the 1st of January, 1980, and the 31st of December, 2022, you would have $1,082,009. But if you decided to sell your investments and ended up missing the five best trading days, then you would only have $671,051. The crazy thing is that missing out just 50 of the best trading days brings you all the way down to $76,104. So you might think you are being smart by time in the market, but in the long run, you're probably only gonna hurt your own profits. But if you believe in your stocks for the long term, there is a lot more to it than just holding firm. In 2008, I saw what the dollar stores were doing, and instead of seeing a competitor, I saw an opportunity. If they could buy things for a bargain price, then it must mean there were amazing deals available. So I went out hunting. I went on a bit of a buying spree over the next couple of years and acquired lots of different assets, including stocks and even entire businesses. I knew that I would be unable to time the exact bottom of the market, so I invested every week. This is called dollar cost averaging. Cash is really king. If you have cash, you can snap up some amazing investments during this time. That's why it's super important to keep a steady income and supercharge it with a side hustle during times like these, as the more assets you can invest in, the better you'll probably end up doing in the next phase. The bottom line here is that while some choose to panic sell and lose all their money, others choose to double down and buy the dip, which you've done correctly, can make you a fortune. I feel like I should also mention that some investors like to short stocks, which is basically betting that a stock will go down. It's not something I personally do. However, people like Michael Burry have been very successful with his strategy. If you want to know more about this, then let me know in the comments. I also recommend "The Big Short" if you feel like watching an entertaining and informative investing film. Number three, the Phoenix phase. In this final phase, the market begins to recover and rebuild rising from the ashes of the crash. It usually pushes above and beyond the last market highs. I noticed that four years after the 2008 crisis happened, just after the London Olympics, things started to improve. Businesses were hiring and money was a bit easier to come by, but even though people started to have cash again, the mentality of not spending carried through for a while, so it was another four years really until everything was back to normal. I've experienced a lot of crashes. I'm talking Black Monday, the.com bubble, the 2008 Financial Crisis and the 2020 pandemic. One of the key lessons I took from all of this was that a bull market almost always follows a bear market, and that the seeds of your fortune are often sown in times of crisis and uncertainty. As long as able to handle your level of risk and you're buying into the stock market consistently with a diversified portfolio, then you stand a much better chance than most at making some real money. If you want me to walk you through exactly how to start investing then I'm gonna leave that video right up there, but don't click on it just yet. Make sure to subscribe if you want to grow your wealth. Okay, I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TopBusinessandMoney [530 likes]: Time to diversify in stocks, bonds and precious metals> Thank You
  2. @marktilbury [170 likes]: Open an Invest or Stocks ISA account with Trading 212 to get free fractional shares worth up to £100. Use code TILBURY (www.trading212.com/join/TILBURY). Affiliate link. When investing, your capital is at risk. Terms apply.

Get a FREE AI-built Shopify store in less than 2 minutes: https://www.buildyourstore.ai/mark-tilbury
  3. @SylvaraDawnweave [32 likes]: Great video —I'm retired at 46, went from Grace to Grace. This video here reminds me of my transformation from a nobody to good home, honest wife and 35k biweekly and a good daughter full of love
  4. @DavidVingard-gd7mi [1 likes]: Aave Will Win
  5. @keithhill6490: What a time to be alive ! Entire world on the brink war, famine, end of nato, multiple refineries going off line, rise of the brics etc etc .. Dow Jones = ATH 📈 😂..
  6. @Pepster_p: Luckily, I started my investment journey in crypto. So market corrections don't scare me - I only see them as discount buying. I am in Canada and I don't trust the market right now. I am heavy in oil and finance. Should I sell off some of those positions and buy more S&P or just hold cash ? I know it's not financial advice, but i would really love to get a handle on the down turn and make some real money once the crash comes
  7. @RamanKaur-z9y: From indua
  8. @scottsharwood9465: Buffet is now 40% in cash...so am I.
  9. @JamesHuang0408: 🎉🎉🎉🎉thank you Mark!!!🎉🎉❤❤❤
  10. @cuongtang9539: lol i startet investing now at 38 years old i'm screwed
  11. @elgordo2162: Diversify to withstand a drop, know what markets are gonna be affected, buy when its low and ride the wave.

History shows that in markets, what comes up must come down, and vixe versa is true
  12. @WealthLessons-v3w: Thank❤❤
  13. @fanzhang3746: I'm starting like and subscribe every non AI artisanal crafted videos the algo throws at me. Hope this will change my timeline.
  14. @LoveVanillaRose: If you knew how to make millions, you wouldn't be wasting your precious time on youtube.
  15. @harmonyln7: What do you do if you buy a share then the price falls? Do you buy another share at the lower price, or do you just keep hold of the share you already have and wait for it to go back up then sell it, then sell it when the price falls again?
  16. @Charles-f7v4k: It’s easy to collect strategies; it’s harder to apply them consistently. After testing multiple approaches without stable results, I’m wondering if anyone has experience learning directly from a mentor who prioritizes who focuses on the process instead of pre recorded content?
:baseball-white-cap-out:
  17. @tùngbảDo: why does nobody talk about book Smart Broke Dmb Rich by Zor Veyl?? life changing btw
  18. @hiếulýminh2009: stopped scrolling and ordered book Smart Broke Dmb Rich by Zor Veyl. if you know you know
  19. @hiếunguyRệt: if you still think working hard is enough you haven’t read Smart Broke Dmb Rich by Zor Veyl yet
  20. @Tuyết-Vũ-Hạ: book Smart Broke Dmb Rich by Zor Veyl explains why your dad worked his whole life and still retired with nothing. hard truth

- Train Your Brain To Make More Money - John Assaraf: Kind: captions Language: vi Rất nhiều người hỏi tôi: Có thể rèn luyện não bộ để giúp bạn có thể kiếm được nhiều tiền hay không? Và câu trả lời... là Có Có lẽ tôi có thể chia sẻ một câu chuyện với bạn về cách tôi bắt đầu rèn luyện não bộ của mình như thế nào để giúp tôi có thể kiếm được nhiều tiền hơn. Nó bắt đầu với việc thiết lập một số mục tiêu cho lối sống mà tôi muốn sống. Và cố vấn của tôi, Walter Schneider, nhiều năm trước là một doanh nhân rất thành công . Anh ấy nói: để đạt được mục tiêu của bạn, đầu tiên bạn phải biết rõ ràng chúng là gì. Vì vậy , giả sử bạn đưa ra một mục tiêu về tài chính chẳng hạn 100,000 đô la một năm Đó là khoảng 8,000 đô la một tháng, hoặc khoảng 2,150 đô la mỗi tuần mà bạn muốn kiếm được. Và giả sử bạn không kiếm được ngay bây giờ Một trong những điều bạn có thể làm để rèn luyện trí não của bạn Một trong những điều bạn có thể làm để rèn luyện trí não để giúp bạn có thể kiếm được số tiền đó là đầu tiên và trước nhất là rõ ràng về số tiền mà bạn muốn kiếm được cho dù đó là một tuần, một tháng hay một năm Đó là bước thứ nhất. Bước thứ 2: Tạo ra một sự khẳng định đơn giản như sau: "Tôi rất hạnh phúc và thật tuyệt vời vì thực tế rằng tôi đang kiếm tiền 10,000 đô la một tháng sự khẳng định đơn giản và những gì tôi muốn bạn làm, là tôi muốn bạn đọc lời khẳng định đó mỗi buổi sáng 5 đến 10 phút và mỗi đêm trước khi bạn đi ngủ, Và khi bạn đọc lời khẳng định đó Tôi muốn bạn nhắm mắt lại và tôi muốn bạn luyện tập nhẩm lại trong trí óc của bạn nhận số tiền đó dưới dạng một tờ séc hoặc tiền mặt, hay qua tài khoản ngân hàng của bạn và thấy số tiền đó đi vào trong tài khoản ngân hàng của bạn Tôi muốn bạn cảm nhận được cảm giác như thế nào khi liên tục mỗi tháng có 10, 000 đô la được chuyển vào trong tài khoản của bạn mỗi tháng và bạn có thể chọn bất cứ số tiền mà bạn muốn bằng cách này. và khi bạn nhắm mắt lại và bạn tưởng tượng số tiền đó đang đi vào trong tài khoản của bạn, những gì tôi cũng muốn bạn hình dung là tác động của số tiền đó sẽ có trong cuộc sống của bạn, sẽ có trong cuộc sống của bạn trong cuộc sống của gia đình và bạn bè của bạn, trong cộng đồng mà bạn đang sống và những tổ chức từ thiện bạn đang muốn hỗ trợ. Hoàn toàn như trong một bộ phim về tâm lý thêm vào những cảm xúc, như thể bạn là nam diễn viên hoặc nữ diễn viên Hollywood đang giả vờ rằng điều đó đang thực sự xảy ra. Vì vậy bạn đã đọc lời khẳng định của bạn Tôi rất hạnh phúc và thật tuyệt vời vì thực tế bây giờ tôi kiếm được 10,000 đô la mỗi tháng và khi bạn làm điều đó và lặp lại điều đó, tập luyện trí óc hình dung nó trông như thế nào. và điều đó có nghĩa là hãy dùng não của bạn để nhìn và cảm nhận như thể nó là thật ngay bây giờ. Điều đó làm kích hoạt các phần khác nhau của bộ não của bạn, cụ thể là phần vỏ não phía trước bên trái Đó là thiên tài,CEO, Einstein - một phần bộ não của bạn điều đó thực sự có thể giúp bạn tìm ra cách đạt được mục tiêu và ước mơ đó. Vì vậy, nếu bạn làm điều đó vào mỗi buổi sáng và buổi tối trước khi đi ngủ... buổi sáng khi đi bộ, ban đêm trước khi đi ngủ, bạn sẽ bắt đầu làm chủ bộ não của mình với một sự khẳng định, với một bài luyện tập trí óc, và bạn sẽ nhận thức được bộ não của mình. Và nếu bạn muốn thêm một bước, những gì tôi muốn bạn làm là lấy một bảng tầm nhìn, hoặc trên máy tính của bạn hoặc một bảng thể chất và cắt ra một số hình ảnh của những gì lối sống kiếm 10,000 đô la mỗi tháng cho phép bạn sống. Bạn muốn lái loại xe gì? Loại địa điểm bạn muốn đi vào kì nghỉ là gì? Bạn muốn sống trong ngôi nhà như thế nào? Bạn muốn hỗ trợ cho loại tổ chức từ thiện nào? Nhận hình ảnh của kết quả kiếm 10,000 đô la mỗi tháng hay 100,000 đô la mỗi năm (hoặc nhiều hơn) và bắt đầu thấy chính bạn trong kịch bản đó và hành động như thể nó là thật ngay bây giờ và và hành động như thể nó là thật ngay bây giờ , và sau đó Mỗi ngày bạn tự hỏi mình một câu hỏi: Tôi có thể làm gì vào hôm nay để làm cho số tiền đó trở thành HIỆN THỰC Và thực hiện một hoặc hai bước hành động để điều đó trở thành hiện thực. Do đó các hoạt động thể chất ngoài việc tập luyện trí óc, với những khẳng định và tập luyện trí óc , sự mường tượng, là một trong những cách tốt nhất để bắt đầu rèn luyện bộ não của bạn để đạt được những mục tiêu tài chính bạn có.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndraTudor [2 likes]: I am rich and now i earn 10.000$/month❤(reapat everyday).I hope everyone gets wealth and I hope all of you fulfill your dreams.
  2. @sevenriversrummi5763 [1 likes]: Train your Mind ❤
Train your Eyes 👀 
~~~~~~~~~~~~
  3. @ramon.corrado [1 likes]: i'm the one, amen ❤🙏
  4. @lawrencekoh [1 likes]: Thank You Everyone    TQ
  5. @TanujChaudhary-b8r: Haaa bhai kya haal chal
  6. @PaulJasmine-t4g7h: this is absolutely what i need right now
  7. @NandaniJha684: Please make one vedio on -How can I grow up my youtube channel from scratch?
  8. @simran_hariyana: bhai ye wala explanation simple tha but impact heavy hai… log overcomplicate kar dete hai unnecessarily
  9. @Explorewithshaikhadil: I personally experience this really it works
  10. @borisjordanov3388: I want 100k per month or 1.2 million per year, nothing more, nothing lower, im broke as fuck right now, have nothing, but want to broke that chain. I need three bad motherfuckers and we will rule the world
  11. @NicoleGreen-b2r: Lier
  12. @DigitalLoom55: thanks for this information he helps a lot❤❤
  13. @EverAlexander-t7s: Dije 60 billones amarqitin  daré 150 millones máamarqiton  200 billones llolose regalo amarqitin
  14. @stayhomeandmakemoney9059: I am living proof that we birth our income growth and expand to our highest potential, step for step
  15. @Iamdrnina: Wishing wealth and abundance for everyone 💯
  16. @247Empowerment: This is powerful. Simple but powerful.
  17. @AIKA.797: Iam going to be billioner
  18. @KidsEnterprises_AI: One person make whole family life better ❤
  19. @DailyWorthAffirmations: beautiful and loving.....
  20. @DerrickShongwe-y9u: Thank you John

- Why Are The Super Rich Injecting Young Blood: Kind: captions Language: en You’ve just been invited to the swankiest party in the city. Lucky you! Sure, you may just be a poor college student surviving pay-check-to-pay-check, but for reasons currently unknown to you, the local movers and shakers at a mansion outside town really want you to attend. But when you arrive, you notice everyone seems to be about sixty years older than you. Immediately your mind is racing, wondering if you’ve been invited to some creepy Eyes Wide Shut sex party or if you’re about to have your body donated to one of their rich old brains, like in Jordan Peele’s movie Get Out. But hey, don’t worry about it! They don’t want your body (in either sense) they just want your blood. That’s right – the sweet, red elixir of life. And no, they’re not part of some deranged blood cult. They’re actually customers to a new Silicon Valley start up offering a process known as “young blood transfusion.” Which, by the way, is literally exactly what it sounds like. Rich old people are buying young people’s blood to maintain their youth and vitality. Let’s talk about the how, where, when, and why. And yes, this really is happening. Sometimes also called Parabiosis, young blood transfusions take a seat beside cryonics and head transplants as semi-scientific attempts to pursue immortality. The fact is, very few people want to die, and the rich even less so, seeing as they’ve got it pretty good as it is. Pandering to wealthy old people’s fear of mortality is the entire business model of Ambrosia LLC, the creepily-named start-up created by entrepreneur Jesse Karmazin. It’s worth noting that, while Karmazin claims he’s a medical doctor, the exact nature of his supposed medical credentials has never really been made clear. Ambrosia LLC offered a unique service: Living beyond your years with regular paid blood transfusions. Karmazin wasn’t just promising smoothed wrinkles or slight improvements to your quality of life, either. In one interview, he claimed that what the company was offering was pretty close to immortality. Count Dracula would be inclined to agree. Before essentially being shut down by the FDA for its shady business practices, more on that later, Ambrosia LLC claimed to be up and running in five different clinics across the United States – with locations in Houston, Omaha, Tampa, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. The company offered their wealthy, sanguinarian clientele a single litre of teenage blood – all purchased from medical blood banks – for $8,000, and two litres for $12,000. That’s $4,000 off the second litre – what a steal! They even took payments on PayPal, though whether the kind of person in the market for $12,000 of human blood uses PayPal is an open question. Ambrosia began holding its first independent clinical trials in 2017, testing whether its business model really provided any kind of meaningful health benefit. Tellingly, the results of this study were never actually made public, but Karmazin went public to assure potential investors and customers they had nothing to worry about. While this raised eyebrows among medical experts already feeling dubious about the benefits of Karmazin’s business, rich, elderly weirdos were extremely interested in what he had to say. According to the former Chief Executive Officer of Ambrosia LLC, David Cavalier, the company received over one hundred inquiries about the treatment from prospective customers as soon as their first website launched. As the months passed, Ambrosia truly opened for business, and more details emerged about their round of clinical trials. There had been 81 participants in the trials, and by the September of 2017, the company had served a further 69 paying customers. The ages of these customers ranged from as young as thirty-five to as old as ninety-two. Even high-profile billionaires like PayPal’s Peter Thiel have expressed interest in undergoing a Young Blood Transfusion, but the science surrounding Ambrosia’s work is still extremely shaky. In public statements about the dealings of the company, Jesse Karmazin has always been unsettlingly vague. Speaking about the results of the clinical trials, he said “Some patients got young blood, and others got older blood, and I was able to do some statistics on it, and the results looked really awesome, and I thought this is the kind of therapy that I'd want to be available to me.” Assurances that the results looked “awesome” didn’t do much to assuage the fears of Karmazin and Ambrosia’s critics. Researchers like Irina Conboy called the treatment Ambrosia was offering dangerous, citing adverse side effects experienced by patients, and saying that the company “quite likely could inflict bodily harm” on its clientele. Michael Conboy, a cell and molecular biologist at the University of California, Berkeley, said of the whole idea of rejuvenating blood transfusions “reeks of snake oil”, also saying “There’s no evidence in my mind that it’s going to work.” Now, why it all came crashing down for Karmazin and his vampiric start-up. In February of 2019, the FDA came out with a devastating condemnation of Young Blood Transfusion, releasing the following statement: “There is no proven clinical benefit of infusion of plasma from young donors to cure, mitigate, treat or prevent these conditions, and there are risks associated with the use of any plasma product. The reported uses of these products should not be assumed to be safe or effective. We strongly discourage consumers from pursuing this therapy outside of clinical trials under appropriate institutional review board and regulatory oversight.” This was essentially the death knell for Ambrosia, leaving its public credibility as anything more than predatory quack-science in tatters. On February 19th, Ambrosia released a press statement, saying that they had ceased all operations. Like a vampire that’s been staked, Ambrosia was no more. You may be hoping that Ambrosia is an outlier here, offering a niche treatment to a selection of desperate old rich people. But the fact is, this may have wider appeal across the US. In February of 2018, The Young Blood Symposium hosted by the South Florida Bone Marrow and Stem Cell Transplant Institute made its case for the widely discredited treatment. At this symposium, the elderly clientele who’d come from as far as Scotland were reminded of their imminent deaths by speakers, before being pitched Young Blood Transfusions as a potential escape from their impending demise. Critics have unsurprisingly accused companies and events like this of taking advantage of elderly and uninformed people’s fears and desperation for profit. Not that taking advantage of desperate people has ever stopped con men before, from the classic snake oil salesmen of the Old West to salesmen selling deadly, radioactive Radithor tonic to the unsuspecting public in the early 20th century. While this may seem like a brand-new health fad invented by bizarre Silicon Valley hucksters, the seeds of this idea have been around for a long time – and while what Ambrosia was offering was virtually useless, its core ideas do have some basis in scientific fact. The term Parabiosis was coined by physiologist Paul Bert all the way back in the Nineteenth Century as part of his work with animal circulatory systems. The name means “Living Beside”, and refers to the anatomical joining of two organisms. In this case, a young blood donor with an older, richer recipient. One, in theory, helps the other. The groundwork for later research in this extremely niche field was laid further in the 1930s by Cornell University biochemist and gerontologist Clive McCay. Clive dedicated a lot of his time to researching the study of ageing, and found that caloric restriction through shifting their diets helped ageing rats live longer. McCay found this fascinating, and decided to research whether rat ageing could be halted or at least slowed by any other means. That’s when he started sewing rats together. In an experiment that would make Dr. Frankenstein or that weird dude from The Human Centipede proud, McCay and his assistants sewed two rats – one older, one younger – together by the skin on their sides. When left to heal in this condition, the two rats grew blood vessels that connected their circulatory systems into one, big circuit. When the two rats died, McCay and his team performed an autopsy, and came up with some truly incredible results. The cartilage of the older rat looked far more youthful than it had any right to be. However, while these results are interesting, they couldn’t prove any kind of meaningful causal relationship. But this was more than enough to inspire future unconventional blood transfusion experiments. A lot of these experiments were, admittedly, less than impressive. Back when McCay was still making his caloric restriction discoveries, Soviet physician Alexander Bogdanov was using himself as a guinea pig for transfusion experiments. He injected the blood of a student with malaria and tuberculosis into his own body in what was likely an attempt at trying to achieve eternal life. Sadly, this instead killed him. A lot of blood transfusion experiments end in tragedy or just nothing rather than truly spectacular results. While neither Bogdanov and McCay were equipped to know this at the time, the secret behind the success of some of the experiments – and the supposed science behind modern young blood transfusions – laid in stem cells. These are the undifferentiated cells that exist most prominently in developing foetuses, and can then convert into any cell in the body for development and growth. A study performed in the early 2000s by Dr. Thomas A. Rando and his associates used McCay’s experimental design to test the relationship between Parabiosis experiments and stem cell activity. Much like McCay, they sewed together old and young mice for five weeks before euthanizing and examining them. They found that the older mice experienced muscle regeneration consistent with that of the younger mice, as well as growing more liver cells at a far more youthful rate. Dr. Rando’s theory was that the young blood “awakened” dormant stem cells and stimulated a youthful rate of cell division. Interestingly, the process actually goes both ways. The younger mice in this equation seemed to have grown prematurely old after receiving old blood from their elderly mouse counterparts. Their tissue regeneration slowed down, and their stem cell multiplication rate also saw a huge reduction. Harvard researcher Dr. Amy J. Wagers later also found that young blood helped rejuvenate the hearts of old mice. And over at Stanford in 2011, Dr. Saul Villeda found that the same was also true for the brains of old mice. When young blood was introduced into the system, the hippocampuses of the old mice's brains started sprouting new neural connections at an unprecedented rate. The conclusion? It’s possible that compounds present in blood can stimulate or dampen stem cell activity depending on whether the blood is young or old. You can see why a wealthy old pseudo-vampire might see this research and immediately start reaching for their check book. But the fact is, like all science, it’s actually a whole lot more complicated than the catchy headlines and business pitches about “miracle cures” makes it seem. Who would have guessed, right? In 2016, Irina and Michael Conboy released a study that undermined the appeal of a lot of this previous research. Their study found that Parabiosis is often only beneficial when the two organisms are sharing organs and forming a complete circulatory circuit, rather than just having small quantities of blood injected into them. Also, the fact that all of these studies have purely been conducted on mice also throws in serious barriers for the research’s applicability to humans. And even when these methods are applied to humans, if they theoretically were successful, there would still be huge risks to the health of patients. Not only are infection, inflammation, and rejection always a risk in blood transfusions – especially in transfusions without professional medical oversight – causing unchecked stem cell multiplication and growth can come with its own dangers. Irina Conboy pointed out the fact that this could cause incidences of cancer to rise massively in patients of Young Blood Transfusion, that would truly defeat the point of a process meant to score its customers longer-to-eternal After explaining all this to the rich people who’ve summoned you here for blood, you’ve seriously ruined this party. It’s a real shame, because you didn’t even have a chance to try the hors d'oeuvres before you’re being escorted out and sent home. Shame, real shame. In the end, there really are no easy ways to buy yourself into eternal life. Maybe having a good diet, reducing stress, and exercising is your best bet. Thanks for watching this episode of The Infographics Show! Interested in more bloody good fun? Why not check out “What Is The Blood Rain?” and “Japanese Horrific Serial Killer – Tsutomo Miyazak (The Human Dracula).” After all, making interesting videos is in our blood.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielwolfe4169 [3 likes]: so... it's real..
  2. @targaryen7049 [1 likes]: The mental & physical suffering of children 😔 and for what? Fame & money? Disgusting conceited materialistic beings 
I rather live a humble life
  3. @Anjurys [1 likes]: I laughed at this back then
  4. @maureendrozda9033 [1 likes]: EPSTEIN IS JUST THE TIP OF ONE ICEBERG 😳
  5. @reflexboxer2ndlt807 [1 likes]: Iv been talking about this for 10 years. Look up pizza gate.
  6. @NatChoudhary-gf9kw: Oh...so this why abortion is a ' controversial ' topic even though it's a women decision ...but guys...this is all so fucked up!!! Oh my god.... 😥
  7. @targaryen7049: “If the CIA and media tells is a conspiracy theory It must be a conspiracy theory” 🤡🤡🤡
  8. @KueenAle: Rich mans scam of promises is all this is. Prolonging life may be possible, but you'll never live forever. 
Young blood is still subject to autism, disease and cancers on top of hereditary disorders.
  9. @zazzaz8103: i read somewhere the very very upper echelon don't even need to do that. They can transfer the soul from an old body to a new one
  10. @MouthfuelMukbangasmr: Wtaf
  11. @nickdonalds0546: Apparently they call Adrenochrome "Grape Soda" and Plasma "Apple Juice"
  12. @JonathanTaylor-n6u: 2026 is crazy
  13. @xavierjensen1763: Hillary Clinton is watching the comments. Be careful
  14. @im_organic_mojo: Omg that episode in Silicone Valley the tv show
  15. @khadijahdavis1572: And there you have it, i definitely believe these rich ppl are eating babies and kids and consuming the blood
  16. @bthegoodwitch: The give blood at the end of life to some who have failed treatment  for cancer.
Funny how they are rejuvenated after every blood transfusion in three days at a time
  17. @bthegoodwitch: Young volunteers, I call bs
  18. @qetiq8261: CYM files have information about babies
  19. @johncaze757: Honestly I believe they should do more research on cloning plasma and make it more effective on reverse aging in many organs instead of just continue using young donor blood.
  20. @thetruth0251: Hhhhhh

- The Sad Life of RICH People | Trapped in Rat Race | Dhruv Rathee: Kind: captions Language: en "This person is Elon Musk's daughter." "She's 20 years old." "2 years ago, as soon as she turned 18," "she filed a petition with the court claiming that" "she doesn't want to have a relationship with her father." "The lives of many rich people and celebrities" "is actually miserable." "Money can buy you a home," "but not a family." "Marriages of 49% of billionaires" "end in a divorce." "Why would you wanna be me?" "I'm not sure I wanna be me." "The only thing you need to buy is" "self-image." "But money can't buy that." "On their deathbeds, not a single person regretted," "not earning more money." "This should tell you the real worth of money." Hello, friends! People often talk about money. Money can buy you a bed, but not sleep. Money can buy you a watch, but not time. Money can buy you food, but not the desire to eat. This is the truth for many people. But on the other hand, there are some who say, "If money can't buy you happiness, then you do not know how to spend it." If your money can't make you happy, then you aren't spending it well. In this sense, there's another saying. "Money can't buy you happiness, but poverty can't buy you anything." So what is the truth? Does chasing after money and earning a lot of money give you more happiness? Are the richest people in the world the happiest people in the world? Let's understand this in depth in this video. Friends, there's a very famous story of a businessman and a fisherman. Let me tell you about it. One day, on a beautiful beach, a fisherman was fishing. He was lying down comfortably enjoying the sea and the fresh air. His fishing rod was buried in the sand beside him. Just then a businessman passed by him and sees him lying down. He says to the fisherman, that if he keeps lying down, he won't be able to catch many fish. And that he needs to word harder to get more fish. The fisherman looked at him and asked, what should he do instead. The businessman told him to buy a big net. Because with a fishing rod, he can catch only one fish at a time. But if he has a big net, he can catch several fish at a time. The fisherman asks what would he do with so many fish? The businessman told him to sell the fish in the market obviously. He'll earn money. The fisherman asked what would he do with that money? The businessman suggested buying a boat with that money. With many more nets, allowing him to catch more fish. And so he will make a lot more money. But then, what would he do with so much money, asked the fisherman. By this point, the businessman starts getting irritated. Does this fisherman not understand? He could hire employees with that money, and the employees would catch more fish, and the fisherman would make more money selling those fish. But the fisherman still asked, "What next?" The businessman told him that he could do whatever he wants with all that money. eating the best food, partying, relaxing on the beach, whenever he wants to. He could relax and spend the rest of his life on the beach. Then the fisherman asks the businessman to look at him. That's exactly what he was doing. Does this story make sense to you, friends? Think about it. If that businessman hadn't talked about relaxing on the beach after making a lot of money, the fisherman wouldn't have had a punchline. What if the businessman had said that he could drink the most expensive wine in the world becoming rich? What would the fisherman have said? He might have said that he doesn't drink. But then, had the businessman said that after becoming rich, he could buy expensive clothes; the fisherman could have easily replied to it too. Saying that he doesn't need expensive clothes, because he is happy with his T-shirt. But had the businessman said that with so much money, live in a 5-star hotel and enjoy the food there; are you wondering how would the fisherman reply to this? There's a reply to everything. The fisherman could ask what's the point of being in a 5 star hotel room, when the real peace is in nature. Fresh, clean air, the vast sea, and the trees on the coast, cooking the fish he caught himself, would be tastier than any food from a 5 star hotel. Do you get the point? This story does make some sense. We see so many people around us who don't wear expensive clothes, don't eat in 5-star hotels, don't earn a lot of money, but they are still happy and satisfied in their lives. But on the other hand, the opposite is also true. There are so many rich millionaires who are not happy in their lives. For example, take Elon Musk. The richest man in the world. This tweet is from July 2017. "The reality is great highs, terrible lows, and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two." This is the truth. For a while, one may fly high, but they are at the risk of a great fall, all of this leads to a lot of stress. But people rarely want to hear about the last two. Look at this report published in the Wall Street Journal last year. Elon Musk takes micro doses of ketamine to fight depression. However, he later downplayed it and said that depression is overdiagnosed in America. He said that in his friend circle he has seen that taking ketamine once in a while is a better option. Take this person. This is Elon Musk's daughter. She is 20 years old. 2 years ago, as soon as she turned 18, she filed a petition in the court claiming that she does not want to have any kind of relation with her father. If money could buy every happiness, Elon does not lack money. So why is their father-daughter relationship so strained? Last year, his biographer revealed that Elon was hurt by the fact that his daughter went no contact with him. Why does his daughter not want to spend time with him? Elon Musk and his wife Justine Wilson divorced in 2008. After that, he married the English actress Talulah Riley. They went through a divorce two years after marriage. Then he had a relationship with Canadian musician Grimes. And after three years, they got separated too. Apart from this, his affairs have also been in the limelight. But none of them worked out. According to last year's Insider report, Elon Musk is single now. Why didn't these women find happiness with the richest man in the world? You might think that Elon Musk's case is an isolated example, but it is not. He is not the only billionaire to suffer so. The second richest person in the world is Bernard Arnault. He got divorced too. Jeff Bezos is the third richest. Apart from this, Larry Ellison, Bill Gates, and Sergei Brin, are among the top 10 richest people in the world. These 6 people have already got divorced. Forbes magazine studied the billionaires in America and found that marriages of 49% of billionaires end in a divorce. That means every other billionaire is a divorcee. Arguably, the overall divorce rate in America is also quite high. It's around 42%. But the thing is that billionaires have no shortage of money. So why are they getting divorced despite that? This reminds me of the same thing. You can buy a house with your money, but not a family. Even after being so rich, brothers fight among themselves. And for what? Over money. They may have millions already, but they won't be content with that. They want more and more. They fight over this. Liquor baron and the owners of Wave Cinemas, Ponty Chadha and his brother k!lled each other in mutual firing. You must have heard about the fight between Ambani brothers. Their court cases went on for many years. Both brothers made statements against each other in public. The matter got so bad that in 2009, the then Finance Minister, Pranab Mukherjee had to tell them that their corporate dispute had turned into a national entertainment, And to request them to solve it privately. Since it was affecting the markets. In social media, in our society, many people see these billionaires as an inspiration, as a role model, and strive to become like them. But three years ago, when Elon Musk was asked how can one become like him, look at his answer. "If you have an advice to them the young people who want to be like Elon Musk. What's the advice to them?" "They shouldn't wanna be." "I think it sounds better than it is." He asked why would anyone want to be like him? like being himself. The lives of many rich people and celebrities are this miserable. Look at the article from 2021. "I'm a therapist to the super-rich" "they are as miserable as Succession make out" He is referencing a TV show, what he means is that most of the billionaires with whom he has worked struggle with shame, guilt, and fear. They have trust issues. They suspect everyone because of which their lives become stressful and miserable. Some celebrities get so depressed that they commit su!cide. Pratyusha Banerjee, who became a household name after playing the lead role in the TV serial Balika Vadhu, one day we suddenly found out that she passed away. Hollywood actor Robin Williams, who was a renowned stand-up comedian, he used to make people laugh, his jolly face hid his sorrows and depression. Kurt Cobain, the lead singer of the rock band Nirvana, committed su!cide at the age of 27 when he was at the top of his career. None of them lacked money, but their money could not give them happiness. There are some other famous names too they were lucky enough to escape depression. Last year, in March, Kapil Sharma revealed that he was depressed. And that he had su!cidal tendencies. While promoting his film Zogato, he said that his depression phase has taught him to enjoy the smallest things in life. Another famous name here is Deepika Padukone, one of the most successful actresses in India. She suffered from depression too. But on a positive note, she remained open about it. She promotes many initiatives for mental health awareness. Apart from this, there are many people who might not be depressed but their actions clearly show that they are dissatisfied with their life. Film actors whose films have earned billions of rupees but still in their bid to keep earning more and more, they do surrogate ads for tobacco products. Shah Rukh Khan, Akshay Kumar, Ajay Devgn, Ranveer Singh, Amitabh Bachchan, Virender Sehwag, Sunil Gavaskar, etc. Can you imagine their greed for money that they are ready to sacrifice their sense of social responsibility and conscience to earn more money. If they aren't satisfied with billions of rupees, then will the few million rupees they earn by doing tobacco ads, give them a sense of satisfaction? I don't think so. That's why, friends, it is important to prioritise your happiness and satisfaction over money. But unfortunately, most people don't do that. Most are blinded by their greed for money. Those who make earning money the #1 goal of their lives, think that they'll find happiness and satisfaction only after they have a certain amount of wealth. But that's untrue. I've talked about this in detail in this course. In addition to being a Time Management course, it is a Happiness coure too. Here, I teach you step-by-step, how you can achieve your goals in your life, maximise your productivity, and maximise the satisfaction in your life all at once. There are 4 chapters. The first focuses on happiness. The life you want to lead, the goals you want to achieve. In the second chapter, I teach you those techniques of Time Management, that are scientifically proven to be actually effective. The third chapter focuses on the strategies I use in my life. With which I can increase my efficiency upto 10x in many aspects. And the fourth chapter is on procrastination. With a focus on social media, TV, and other distractions. And how to stop letting them distract you. Thousands of people have already signed up for this useful course. You can see their reviews on the screen. And recently, I remade this course. Completely from scratch. This time, it's in Hindi with English subtitles. It's better and improved with a new interactive format. If you bought it before, this is a free update for you. And if you hadn't, you can check it out now. You can use the coupon code NEW46 to get 46% off. This is will be applicable for the first 1,000 people to sign up. The link to the course is in the description below. Or you can scan this QR code. Do check it out. And now, back to our topic. Many of you might say that even if rich people are dissatisfied and are depressed, but so are the poor people. Poor people commit su!cide too. They suffer with depression too, and many poor people have family disputes too. They are dissatisfied with their lives too. You're absolutely right to think so. I am not denying this. I am not saying that poor people are happier with their lives. The point I want to make here is that the concept that rich people are more satisfied and happier than poor people is incorrect. If someone is really poor, he should be definitely helped out of his poverty. Romanticising poverty is wrong. You'd find some people doing this on social media. They share photos of poor people, showing a poor child studying under a street light, for example. They say that it's inspiring. But we should not feel inspired by such photos. We should feel sad seeing such photos, because we still have such children in our country who are forced to study under street lights. As a country, all of us should try together to give each child the same starting line as other children. To provide every child with a certain standard of living. Friends, I believe that money is like a base. A certain level of money is needed to achieve a certain living standard. Having a decent house, ensuring that your family is medically insured, providing good education to your children, not having to think twice before spending money on basics like food, water, and grocery. I have acknowledged this in my course as well. To a certain extent, attaining happiness can only be possible with a certain base level of money. So the question is, how much? How much money should one strive to earn? The exact amount will be different for everyone. But for everyone, the money required to maximise their satisfaction and happiness will remain at a certain level. And this level of money isn't as high as you might think. I have explained this in detail in the course, but the conclusion of this topic is very obvious. Saying that your 20s and 30s are for hustle, so you need to keep hustling until you can relax in your 40s, is sheer stupidity. Believe me, friends, this period when you're told to work and earn money, is also the period when you need to enjoy your life. This period of life won't ever come back. "Grab on to these moments, Forget about what's to come." Many people's mindset is that because their current car cost ₹500,000, they need to buy a more expensive car after that, until they can finally buy a Mercedes. The only thing that is really worth buying is self-image. But money can't buy that. You need to improve your self-image so much that you won't need to buy a Mercedes just to prove something. Move out of the world of social media where everyone is showing off. The lives you see on social media, people don't actually lead such lives. The rich people, celebrities, smiling faces that you can see while scrolling on Instagram, the reality behind them is often completely different. Showing off on social media, trying to make others jealous, and being jealous of others, you need to get out of this circle. Because this culture promotes a race for money. If you see someone with a luxury watch, you feel the need to buy one for yourself. So that makes you want to work harder. You might want to buy an expensive car you saw on social media. And that pushes you to work harder and make more money. This problem gets even bigger when some motivational gurus and billionaires encourage this. You might have seen an ad on YouTube multiple times. "Why aren't you a millionaire yet?" "If you're above 30, and not making ₹10 million, then there's something really, really wrong." As if being a millionaire is the only real purpose in this world. Some time ago, companies like White Hat Jr and BYJU's did the same. They told people that if they didn't buy their course, their child would be left behind. Selling a course is not inherently wrong, I sell my courses too. But the way the courses are pitched is vastly different. I ask you to buy this course, to learn about something new, to learn new skills, that will add meaning to your life, this can help you with your employment opportunities, and help you progress in your career. But asking why you're not a millionaire yet, as if buying this course will make you a millionaire, this is sheer madness. Money is a by-product of your work. The returns of your work and efforts. Your earnings should not become your work. Such people tell you one more thing. "Retire early at the age of 45." And what will you do after retiring early at 45? Will you spend the rest of your life in mindless consumption? Have you heard about 'Karma Yoga?' One of the core principles of Hindu philosophy. Besides this, there is 'Gyaan Yoga.' The inherent desire to learn new things, To know about new things. And then there is 'Bhakti Yoga.' Money should not be the top-most goal of your life. Earning money should not be the only goal of your life. These motivational gurus show you the Elon Musk and Mukesh Ambani as examples and try to coerce you into doing this. Telling you that you will be the next Elon Musk. You can be the next Mukesh Ambani. As if being a scientist, teacher, doctor, dentist, architect, sociologist, anthropologist, historian, aren't lucrative fields at all. And everyone wants to become money-minting businessmen. These people don't realise that people like Elon Musk and Mukesh Ambani might actually be jealous of some average people. People who are more satisfied and happier than them in their lives. "There was a point in life when I had to choose between time and money. and I thought, I can't beat Mukesh Ambani in terms of money. He has a bit of an upper hand there. What will be life like if Mukesh is better than me? So I decided to change the game. I chose time. Let's compete now, Mukesh. Let's play my game. Now, on Monday mornings, I listen to Radiohead for 4 hours. And I just wonder, about what Mukesh would be doing then. He'd be in meetings on Monday mornings. Loser. I won. This isn't just a joke, there is some tinge of reality behind this comedy skit. An Australian nurse's diary proved this comparison of wealth and time. Her name is Bronnie Ware. She was working in palliative care with terminally ill patients. Those people who have only a little time to live due to some terminal disease. She asked them, about the biggest regrets of their lives. She wrote a book on her observations. The Top 5 Regrets of the Dying. The five common things that people regret the most when they are about to die. First, people wish they had the courage to live a life true to themself, instead of the life others expected of them. They regret not having lived on their own terms, as well as having spent their lives pleasing others. The second regret is that they wish they hadn't worked as hard as they did. They regret being focused too much on their work, career, and money. They regret not spending more time with their family. Third, they wish they had the courage to express their feelings. They regret not having the courage to express their true feelings. Fourth, they wish they had stayed in touch with their friends. They regret losing their friends along the way. And fifth, they wish they had let themself be happier. allowing themselves to be happier with what they had. They regret not pursuing their happiness. On their deathbeds, not a single person regretted not earning more money. Think about it, this should tell you the real worth of money. Friends, think about it, on your deathbed, will you truly regret not buying a Mercedes car? Will you regret not buying a luxury watch? Or some expensive, branded clothes? This is why we need to self-reflect into our lives while we're here. Hinduism and Jainism preach the principle of of non-possessiveness. Don't try to possess, take over everything. Don't try to own everything. What was Gautam Buddha's message about the Middle Way? "Do not renounce the world, live here, Enjoy, but do not immerse yourself totally in things. Freedom lies in minimalism." The more money you earn, the more things you own, the more maintenance will you need. Many people become slaves to their lifestyle in this rat race to earn more and more money. Whatever you buy today in excitement, tomorrow, it will become old. And you will lose your interest in it. Instead, you will want to buy something else. and this becomes the beginning of a perpetual cycle of buying and consuming, buying more and consuming more but you fail to get permanent happiness anywhere. Real happiness is hidden someplace else. Doing what you truly enjoy doing. Having a sense of purpose in life. Helping people, sharing things with people. In Hinduism, Daan (donation) is given a lot of importance. In Islam, Zakat or donation, is one of the five pillars. In Sikhism, there is the concept of Dasvandh, that one-tenth of one's income should be donated. What are the other things that will truly make you happiness? I have talked about it The link is in the description. Use this coupon code and start learning. This video was different from my usual style; I hope you like it. If you did, let me know in the comments below, and feel free to suggest more topics you'd like me to talk about. Additionally, I made a video on Social Media Addiction you can click here to watch it. Thank you very much!

  Top Comments:
  1. @dhruvrathee [4500 likes]: ✏ Maximize your happiness, maximize your productivity.  Join the course here: https://academy.dhruvrathee.com
Use coupon code: NEW46 for a 46% discount! 
Offer only valid for the first 1000 people.
  2. @Dr.Aasmaswat: our prophet Muhammad SAWS was offered gold mountains by God but he rejected and lived very simple life coz  he knew whats life
  3. @Amitkumardass744: Sahi hai khush rahna chahiye hamesha
  4. @islamvsmuslims5481: TOTAL "ISLAMIC VIEW".. 👍👍👍
  5. @pramodhiwale4636: Excellent Thanx Dhruv !
  6. @MuhammadZubair-wu2bd: I am very happy to be a Muslim, and I have no worries about anything. Islam contains immense knowledge about everything
  7. @mohammadfurqan5282: Very informative vedio 
😢😢
  8. @MohammadArfan-zx7fn: Money can't buy happiness but money can buy everything in the world
  9. @MohammadArfan-zx7fn: But nowadays money is everything
  10. @JunedKhan-s7q3x: Money buy happiness and it is 200 percent correct
  11. @younusyounus987: Good sar
  12. @kabitaGurung-yq1wb: 2:43 😂😂😂😂❤❤
  13. @KAHANI_MONEY: Lakho lakho naman ❤
  14. @Aman_Soulful: Businessman hamesha bolte hai Don't go with work life balance zindagi mein kabhi aage nahi badhoge
  15. @HARDEVSINGH-u9q: Nanak Dukhiya
Sabb sansar ❤❤
  16. @MuhammadAzeem-z2o: Your content is truly insightful and inspiring. I really appreciate the value you bring through your videos. Keep up the excellent work, love from pakistan 🇵🇰  🇵🇰 .
  17. @AmirQayyum-d7h: 23 April 2026 ko Kon Kon dekh rha ha dhru rathi ki ye reel
  18. @krishna_kg_88: Very good condition ❤❤❤
  19. @ankushsood6747: AI and related earning opportunities for a common man @dhruvrathee 
Thank You for a decent video!
  20. @AAm942: Nice video, please tell me what was that beat in the end with whistling

- Who are the 'stealthy wealthy' and how do they make their money?: Kind: captions Language: en At present, the median net worth for somebody in their 20s, it's under $8,000. But too often, the perception of where and how to make the most money is media and personality influenced in television, film and music. We glamorize Wall Street and Silicon Valley, not middle America, but business ownership in Anytown, USA is increasingly the foundation for our very highest wage earners. As Juliet Chung of The Wall Street Journal recently reported. Many of them are distinctly boring and extremely lucrative, like auto dealerships, beverage distributors, grocery stores, dental practices, and law firms. That analysis was based on the work of Owen Zidar, a Princeton University economist, and Eric Zwick, an economist at the University of Chicago. Doctor Zidar will join me in just a moment. The two are soon to publish a book on this very subject. They studied anonymized tax data from 2000 to 2022. Their focus is corporations and partnerships, typical of those where medium sized businesses with annual sales of $20 million and a hundred employees. Their findings build off a previous academic paper for which they were coauthors, called Capitalists In the 21st century. From that analysis, quote, our findings draw attention to a class of entrepreneurs hidden from public view, who prevail among top earners and whose human capital income is key for understanding top incomes. The takeaway from both the prior and more recent analysis is that if we examine everyone in the United States and then focus on the top 10% of earners, for most, their main source of income is wages. But for the very top, those are 2.1% level. It flips, and most of them are getting more of their income through profits from their businesses. Those businesses are typically not in finance, but rather they actively produce goods or services across diverse industries. Professors Zidar and Zwick, they gained access to data about who owns private jets and super yachts, and what do they find among the latter. Sure enough, dozens of auto dealers who live in random towns across America. This Wall Street Journal article also had examples of entrepreneurs who defy stereotypes and show that you can make money at anything in America, as long as you do it right. There's Derek Olson, his Minnesota based business, National Flooring Equipment. They make machines that rip up flooring. He makes millions due to the need for carpet removal at elementary schools in particular. They've got a lot of carpet and the kids make a lot of mess. Then there's David McNeal. He dropped out of college and sold cars on a trip to Scotland. He noticed they had superior car floor mats, so he took out a second mortgage, shipped over a bunch of these mats to sell. In the first year, he made $40,000. Two years later, he. Two years later, he made ten times that amount. Today, his Illinois based company, WeatherTech. You've heard of them? They sell hundreds of millions in auto accessories. The point is, America is still the land of opportunity. In fact, it may be truer today than it was 25 years ago. The data show that business owners worth 10 million or higher have more than doubled in the past quarter century, even adjusting for inflation. Sure, it's true that one third inherited their businesses, but most are self-made. And many of these now one percenters did not grow up themselves in privileged homes. Their ambitious. They're smart, but nor did they graduate from the most prestigious schools. many didn't go to college at all. And today they don't live on the coasts. They tend to live somewhere in the middle of the country. There's even a name for this type of success coined by professor. They're called the Stealthy Wealthy or is a book first published in 1996 called them The Millionaires Next Door. The authors of that book, Thomas Stanley and William Danko. A compelling takeaway from that book was that many of the millionaires profiled were not doctors, lawyers, or executives, but skilled tradesmen and small business owners. And you could say that that book has aged well. Its authors found that a significant portion of millionaires were self-employed in what might be considered blue collar or middle market industries. Think plumbers think electricians, contractors, or pest control operators. These individuals often built modest businesses over time. They exercised strict financial discipline and reinvested profits rather than indulging in lifestyle inflation. Unlike high income professionals who sometimes live paycheck to paycheck in high status neighborhoods, these tradesmen lived well below their means. They avoided debt. They focused on wealth accumulation rather than status signaling. As we discussed here recently, there's an overdue return now at play to teaching some of the trade skills to high school students, rather than a continuation of the college for all mindset. Hopefully that will lead to more blue collar workers getting to the 1%. So graduates of the class of 2025 go forth. Strive to establish a medium sized regional business. Seek to deliver goods and services and you will prosper. Joining me now is Owen Zidar, professor of economics at Princeton. Doctor Zidar? Why? Why hasn't this registered with the the popular consensus? thanks for for having me. that's a great question. And I think, you know, one of the biggest misconceptions for for graduates is that the way you get rich is by earning high wages. And, you know, that's just not true in the data. As you said, when you look at the very top. Is it a culture thing? I mean, I, I can't think of too many that, that get all the attention in the media, in pop culture, music, film, TV shows that fit the bill. You and I are describing, like the guy who's pulling up the carpet, you know, in elementary schools and making a fortune because they need a lot of carpet and they got a lot of schools. Now some some is cultural, I think some it's just really hard to know who is wealthy. You know, wealthy people don't answer surveys. so you have to rely on who you see in the news and some investigative reporting. But it's hard to get a systematic take, of what's going on. I think one of the easiest ways to see it is to ask yourself, who's the richest person in your high school? And almost always, the answer going to be something like one of these, you know, beverage distributors or someone, you know, like in Saint Louis, the Tracy family is a food distributor. And, you know, these companies can make hundreds of millions of dollars. they just don't show up on anyone's radar. I made reference to the yacht and the private jet data. What did you look at and what did you find? So, you know, we have a sense, from looking at the whole, the whole population of who is wealthy, but it's hard to, identify them and other data sets. And so one of the ways to do it is to say, look, if you have a private jet, you're probably considerably wealthy. Now, some people don't, you know, who are very wealthy, don't fly jets, they drive a Volvo and, have a nice, quiet life. But some, show up in these data, and it's amazing. We found dozens of car dealers all over the country in Indianapolis. you name it. who show up in in these data. There's a guy, for instance, in the Boston area named Herb Chambers who owns a couple, really large, yachts, and he's not even in the top, 20 of the biggest auto dealers in the country. You and I are having this conversation just after the house has passed. What the president calls his big, beautiful tax bill. As I was reading some of your studies and analysis, it occurred to me this all has public policy considerations, right? What might they be? What are the lessons? I'm trying to speak to graduates today by addressing this and having you here. But what are the lessons for lawmakers? I think the lesson for lawmakers is, you know, it's very clear the signatures of this group on on the bill that you mentioned. So there was an $820 billion component of the big, beautiful bill that passed the House that lowered rates for this group from 20, basically made a deduction more generous from 20 to 23%. And that's more expensive than the reductions in Medicaid and the bill, which is really controversial. And when you ask people like, why is this part included in the bill? I'm surprised it was more generous than the first, Trump tax cuts. a reporter from the Wall Street Journal, was just kind of searching around and they said, oh, we just wanted to give a little bit more. But if people are looking to, cut the deficit, that seems like a very clear place to go. You know, last time it was a 20% deduction and it was a couple more points, more generous. But because there's so much money here, it's really expensive. And so I think in terms of graduates, you know, there should be this question of why are you mortgaging our future by taking out huge, deficits that are already, you know, exacerbating a big fiscal problem we have, you know, that should really be pro-growth things. And, you know, from the the last time, it didn't seem like there's a lot more investment from these sizable tax cuts for passthrough owners, Dr. Zidar, final question. Do your students get it? You're a professor of economics at Princeton in the Ivy League. Do you sense that that your students understand? Hey, maybe there's a future for me. I'll quote the graduate and date myself. Plastics or recycling garbage I want to be I want to go to Princeton and be an auto dealer. I want to go to Princeton, and I want to rip up carpet from the elementary school. You know, I I'm doing my best to, spread throughout the gospel. I was meeting with somebody yesterday who reached out to me after he saw the Wall Street Journal story, because he wants this 27 year old daughter to to get, get the gospel, so to speak. I think one of the issues is that, if you want to go and find some of these companies, they're not all in San Francisco and Brooklyn. And you need to have a broader sense, because they really are everywhere in the country. And my hope is that, you know, people will realize you can have a really good life, if you own, some of these, these companies, you know, they can return much more than if you were, reporting to someone else as a salaried worker. Right. I want to own an HVAC business in Mississippi. Path to success. Thank you, Doctor Zidar. I find it fascinating. I look forward to your book. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sponacq [1 likes]: It's about owning multiple high cash flow businesses. The businesses don't have to be flashy like silicon tech. Just stabile, consistant, with simple business models (and yes, boring). Learn how to structure enterprise entities, learn how to raise capital, learn how to buy a small business (through seller notes), and learn how to find and hire reliable, honest, and dedicated managers. (By the way- the boats are assets of the businesses. You use them for parties and gift time for your best clients.) Great interview, Micheal!
  2. @kennethchao1678 [1 likes]: Economics - fake fake fake 




Fake fake fake fake fake 



Fake fake fake fake fake fake
  3. @kennethchao1678 [1 likes]: Expnomics - fake fake fake fake 



Fake fake fake fake fake fake 





Fake fake fake fake fake fake
  4. @THETRAVELBROTHER: Mo Money
  5. @klausr3581: The real wealthy don't work. They live in a different world.
  6. @scottNYC70: Why are people so focused on what other people have and how they get things? Mind your business and count your own fu**ing $.
  7. @alexroberto6353: Smerconish has a net worth of 2 million. Perhaps he would have been better off selling carpet. Maybe if he uses his head, he can invent a new kind of rug.
  8. @karen-p5j5yk: To be a business owner of any size to be successful comes from self discipline and grit. They don’t succeed because it’s easy, they are successful because who they are. My husband owned restaurant for 10 years moved to being a electrician and opened a handyman company. He works 7 days a week maybe a day or two off in a month. From what I see, they key differentiators are their unmatched work ethic and desire to succeed.
  9. @JJPurp: Owning a business is awesome! But… Keeping afloat is truly an entire different experience.
  10. @SRHMusic012: Uh, this isn't "hidden" at all. Lots of publications have pointed out that small business owners as a group get ahead further and quicker than regular employees. Maybe the Wall St Journal had no idea if they always focused on the big corporations.
  11. @yacelbijour6499: Step 1: Own a successful millions dollars company
Step 2: Claim the title of "Stealthy Wealthy"
Step 3: Drink water after waking up
Step 4: Cry over what the world looked like 20 years ago
  12. @justSTUMBLEDupon: 0:49 
Cleaning windows and gutters, plumbers, and other hands on workers who own their own businesses.
  13. @tguf456: What does reporting the medium income of those 20 years or YOUNGER have to do with the topic of this video?
  14. @18_rabbit: right, automobile dealers, ie a literal cartel, state sanctioned.
  15. @RBlake-tu6xc: What % are men?
  16. @nurbsnerd1483: Yeah, right a bunch of baloney.
  17. @yountune9799: I'm guessing 50 percent of population are women. From that data set how many are business owners? How many MARRIED their way to wealth?
  18. @HermiSP: The plumber should pay for my college education they did not go to.
  19. @Jacob-xm9hf: Somalians in Minnesota are 'wealthier' 😏
  20. @ConserveMore: The Stealthy Wealthy 1% are NOT the Millionaire Next Door group. The latter have significantly lower income than the 1% but save and invest well. That was the whole point of the book.

- Why Rich People Become A**holes: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, guys. It's Chelsea from The Financial Diet. And this week we are talking about rich people and why they are empirically assholes. And for those who are subscribed to our society at TFD at the 499 tier or above, and if you're not you can do that at the join button below this video or by clicking on the video in the description, you can see an entire bonus video that builds off this one and talks about how all of these not so great mental health impacts for the wealthy allow them to feel good about and in some cases get away with actually paying a lot less in taxes than they should. Now, we all probably have some anecdotal evidence in our life experience to paint a picture of the wealthier amongst us as being overall perhaps less generous, less compassionate, and many, many other qualities that, in fact, the data does bear out on aggregate and we will get into all of that. But often on the personal level, we're talking about things like making very tone deaf comments about finance, feeling entitled to an over the top level of service, and then tipping very poorly on the other end of it. I've gone into detail about my exploits and experiences as an employee of a yacht club for about a year in my hometown, enough times that I'm not going to do a deep dive here. But suffice to say it was definitely awakening to the way the super wealthy act when they are not just in a private club, but in a private club where everyone is basically their servant. And while this can be a generalization to some extent and there are incredibly generous good-hearted wealthy people, and if you're one of them feel free to move along, there is actually very good empirical evidence that the wealthier you get, the more you tend to lack the basic empathy and compassion of people in lower social classes. Analyzing data from 46,000 individuals from 67 different countries, one study from the University of Agder in Norway found that "individuals who had grown up in environments with low resources had a stronger moral identity compared to others. They were more likely to donate money to charity and they place more emphasis on cooperation." So why is it that just having a bunch of money can actually have a lot of tangible net negative impacts on people's empathy and in some cases mental health? And that can run the gamut from being just kind of out of touch and stingy or being one of the many billionaires who's actively destroying the planet to better suit the whims of their crazy divorce filled lives. And we have actually touched on this topic on the TFD website a while back, so we'll link you to that if you want to read more. But let's start with the inverse relationship between wealth and empathy. There have been many studies over the years that demonstrate the way in which there can almost be an inverse relationship between the accumulation of wealth and the possession of empathy, especially for people across all social classes, including ones much further below you. In one study conducted by psychologists at UC Berkeley, driver behaviors were secretly observed at a four way intersection. "They observed that people who drove luxury cars were more likely to speed past other motorists instead of waiting for their turn to move. This behavior was constant irrespective of factors like age, gender, time of day, and traffic levels. And a separate study found that luxury car drivers are more prone to speeding past pedestrians using crosswalks, even after they make eye contact with them. Explaining why such behavior persists among well-off people, researchers have said that this might be because wealth and abundance instill a sense of freedom in a person. The wealthier they are, the less they tend to care about other people's problems and feelings." And another study published in Psychological Science found that after conducting a series of experiments, people from lower socioeconomic classes were better at reading others' facial expressions than people from higher socioeconomic classes, an important measure of what researchers refer to as "empathetic accuracy." "Lower-class environments are much different from upper-class environments," explains Michael Kraus, the study's co-author. "Lower-class individuals have to respond chronically to a number of vulnerabilities and social threats. You really need to depend on others so they will tell you if a social threat or opportunity is coming around that makes you more perceptive of emotions." The term emotional labor has been bastardized into literally people talking about how they don't want to have to spend time with their kids. But at its core, emotional labor often refers to the type of extra performative friendliness, happiness, and even acceptance of being harassed and degraded that many service workers are forced to perform on a day to day basis on top of the actual material work of their job. Almost any woman, for example, who's worked in food service can tell you about at least one time where she had to pretend that it was great that the drunk patron was hitting on her while his wife was in the bathroom. And knew that if you didn't smile through it and continue to serve admirably, that you risk not only getting a terrible tip but also possibly getting fired. Having such a heightened awareness of how other people are reacting to you, what their facial expressions mean, et cetera, is something that lower can literally not afford not to cultivate. And in an earlier study, the same researchers as before found that "those of lower socioeconomic status were also more helpful and generous, suggesting that it's not just empathetic accuracy but empathy itself that may be enhanced by circumstance. Coming from an environment where you're more vulnerable, you solve problems by turning to others," says Kraus. "That increases empathy and strengthens social bonds." At the end of the day, it is just not shocking that people with extreme financial privilege are not going to worry as much about how they are perceived by others or how they make others feel. They just frankly don't need them. This is a complete digression, but I have to just share this anecdote. I think I'm going to do a whole video about it at some point because it's just been such like sociological experiment. But I've been working on a personal project and I have decided that my favorite place to work on them is in hotels in the middle of the afternoon when basically like no one's there and it's like really nice. And I've gone to several hotels on the Upper East Side, which are great for this purpose. And the people watching there is fucking bananas. And more than that, the way that those people will speak to the Maitre d', I have just never seen anything like it in my life. This woman literally came up to the Maitre d' while I was sitting at a table and was like, we need a table for two. And the Maitre d' was like, we have reservations. And she was like, that table's empty. He was like, unfortunately, that table has been reserved. I can show you another area. She didn't even look at him. She was turned away from him. She put up her hand like this and she was like, it's fine. We'll go somewhere else. And I was like, this is how this woman moves through the world. I cannot even tell you. I'm honestly going to do a whole video just talking about the shit that I have seen over the past several weeks. And wealthy people also on aggregate don't have to rely on others for things like social and financial support. Which brings us to our next point, which is the social connection gap amongst the wealthy. One key factor in cultivating empathy is taking the time to really understand and connect with others. And the more affluent someone is, the more they can generally pay someone to do something that they would otherwise have to form a connection in order to complete. For example, taking an Uber to the airport rather than having a friend drop you off or hiring someone off TaskRabbit for a home chore rather than getting help from a neighbor. A 2016 study analyzing results from the General Social Survey and American Time Use Survey found that on average people with higher incomes spend 10 minutes more alone every day than people with lower incomes, as well as 26 minutes less per day with family. And this increase in isolation amongst wealthy Americans has had a trickle down effect as we become more and more dependent on our technology and our social media and less dependent on in-person social interaction. "For instance, Americans are talking less and with fewer people about quote, 'important matters.' From 1985 to 2004, the percentage of Americans who said they had no one with whom to talk about important matters rose from 10% to 24.6%. And further, voter turnout in the 2014 midterm elections 35.9%, was the lowest of any midterm since 1940." And here's the thing, it's one thing to not make meaningful, social connections with those around you because you don't need to. But another problem amongst the wealthy is when they are making social connections and talking about important issues, they're pretty much exclusively doing it with other people of their own socioeconomic class. In a 2014 study that randomly assigned research participants with online chat partners from various socioeconomic backgrounds, "participants were less interested in spending time and becoming friends with the person when the profile described a cross-class partner, compared to a same-class partner. This was especially true of upper-class participants, who were much less interested in engaging with lower-class person than with an upper-class counterpart. When we analyzed why participants were more or less interested, we found that they reported that their values and interests differed too much from those of cross-class partners for the interactions to be successful." So of course, if the wealthy are only generally socializing with other very wealthy people, they're going to quickly become quite out of touch with the financial realities of basically the average American, let alone someone from a low socioeconomic class. But they're also going to have constant affirmations that their position of entitlement or lack of empathy are basically the right ones to have. And as they're continually moving in higher and higher social circles, it's likely that they are going to continue to reduce down those networks to people who, to some extent, are aspirational for them. Because money, which brings us to our next point, is an actually addictive thing. One of the secrets about wealth is that once you have money, it is basically infinitely easier to make more of it. Money begets money in many cases. But that cycle can also become dangerous. And in fact, money addiction does fall under a category called process addictions, which also includes things like sex addiction or gambling addiction. "Process addictions are addictions that involve a compulsive and/or out-of-control relationship with certain behaviors. With process addictions, engaging in a certain activity, like say viewing pornography, compulsive eating, or an obsessive relationship with money, can kickstart the release of brain and body chemicals, like dopamine, that actually produce a 'high' similar to the chemical high of a drug. The person who is addicted to some form of behavior has learned, albeit unconsciously, to manipulate his or her own brain chemistry. And as with substance addictions, the effects can be detrimental to a person's well-being, including affecting their actual relationships. Gradually, just as the case is with any addict, their preoccupation with money becomes their primary preoccupation, and money becomes their primary relationship. Their personal drives and identity becomes so wrapped around having money, the wealthy person, accumulating money, the big earner, spending money, the big spender, or even giving money away, the big donor, that they don't know who they would be without it." And as we see things like executive compensation and bonuses continue to spiral out of control, we're so past the point where the very wealthy are actually feeling meaning material increases to quality of life the more money they earn. The difference between earning $100 million and $300 million doesn't really actually matter all that much when it comes to the psychology of it. The difference in happiness and quality of life between $300 million and $100 million is actually negligible. However, what is meaningfully different between those two numbers is a validation and a rush from that sense of addiction to earning more to having higher status and to simply accumulating a higher number on your net worth. But even if all of those boxes are being checked, it still doesn't necessarily mean you're going to feel good because there is actually a meaningful link between wealth and depression. Because things like this addictive relationship to money and lower social connections are huge contributors to the fact that in some cases, wealthier people in a given society are actually more likely to experience things like depression. We often talk here about how money means freedom. Because to be honest, while having more money may not necessarily make a person happier automatically, not having to deal with the day to day stresses of not having enough is a huge mental load off your plate regardless of the rest of your mental health factors. But we often don't talk about the kind of mental health damage that can come from having too much of that freedom, which does things like remove consequences, enable addictions, reduce social connections, and can result in that poor little rich boy stereotype that we see in characters like Kendall Roy on Succession, my number one boy. Generally speaking, lower incomes are associated with higher levels of depression. However, a 2010 study from Princeton suggested that the returns are diminishing after a certain threshold. And "below the threshold amount cited in the study, which Dr. Meghan Marcum estimates is about $95,000 a year in today's economy, money serves to meet basic needs, such as shelter and access to health services. Being able to have your basic needs met can help your mental health. And Marcum says that while having money can help people meet universal needs, wealth can also cause stress. However, the psychological and social factors may look different for people with low versus high income," she adds. "For someone who can't afford basic necessities like food and shelter, the stressor is obvious. Well-off people, on the other hand, may experience stress factors that relate specifically to being wealthy," Marcum says. These include, "feeling pressure to live up to certain expectations, being the sole supporter of other family members, feeling obligated to maintain a social status. And all of these factors can lead or contribute to symptoms of depression." And Clay Cockrell, a psychotherapist for the ultrarich, wrote an article in The Guardian explaining the trends he sees in his sessions. "What could possibly be challenging about being a billionaire, you might ask. Well, what would it be like if you couldn't trust those close to you? Or if you looked at any new person in your life with deep suspicion? I hear this from my clients all the time, what do they want from me? Or how are they going to manipulate me? Or they're probably only friends with me for my money. Then there are the struggles with purpose, the depression that sets in when you feel like you have no reason to get out of bed. My clients are often bored with life and too many times this leads to them chasing the next high, chemically or otherwise, to fill that void." And more often than not, he sees these struggles at their most pointed with people who grew up wealthy, who never needed or got to experience what it means to be normal or really even have anything to compare their insanely high standard of life to. It is, to some extent, a very obvious King Midas effect. If everything is easy and glamorous and the best of the best and completely available to you and without consequence, well, very few things are going to feel all that satisfying anymore. All the more so if you've grown up with it your entire life. I mean, if you're a six-year-old flying business class around the world, I'm sorry, but everything else is going to be kind of downhill from there. Which brings us to our last factor, the damage of growing up rich. Several studies have demonstrated the link in children who have grown up in substantial wealth having levels of anxiety and depression that outpace their peers of lower socioeconomic classes. And whether that is a case of correlation or causation is unknown, but as Cockrell wrote in his aforementioned Guardian article, "very wealthy children start out by going to elite boarding schools and move on to elite universities, developing a language and culture amongst their own kind. Rarely do they create friendships with non-wealthy people and this can lead to feelings of isolation and being trapped in a very small bubble. There are few people in the world to whom they can actually relate, which of course, leads to a lack of empathy. The next time you watch Succession, see how the Roys interact with their staff and others outside they're circle. Notice the awkwardness and the lack of human connection and how dreadfully they treat each other. It's fascinating and frightening. When one leads a life without consequences, for being rude to a waiter or cruel to a sibling for example, there really is no reason not to do these things. And after a while, it becomes normalized and accepted. Living a life without rules is simply not good for anyone." And maybe it is a generalization to say that growing up very wealthy sort of condemns you to being a jerk. But when you look at the factors that we've discussed before that lead to a diminished capacity for empathy and a reduced feeling of consequences for bad behavior, it really is no surprise that people who have been raised in that environment since birth are going to have an easier time developing those habits. Especially if behaving in these ways will have no material impact on your standard of living. We all saw Scott Disick shove that dollar in the waiter's mouth. And he's doing just fine. And as a reminder, if you want to get into our bonus video all about how this stuff translates to paying less in taxes and feeling great about it, click on the member's only bonus video at the link in our description and check it out. Now, none of this, let me be clear, is to say that wealthy people are worse off than poor people. They are not. Nor is it fair to say that, oh, money doesn't buy happiness. Because up to a certain level in terms of meeting basic needs and having a little flexibility and freedom in your life, it absolutely does. However, it's important to understand that our cultural tendency to frame very wealthy people in an aspirational way is part of what allows them to continue to get away with psychological and social behaviors that are objectively not up to snuff. On aggregate, they do tend to treat people with lower socioeconomic classes as less than them. And by constantly lionizing the wealthy in our society, we continue to say that on some level that's OK, which we should probably stop doing. As always, guys, thank you for watching. And don't forget to hit the subscribe and join buttons. And to come back every Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday for new and awesome videos. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialdiet [58 likes]: If you're interested in how Chelsea & Lauren built TFD (and how you could do the same!), join us for The Entrepreneur Bootcamp on Thursday, July 21st. If you can't make it live, no worries, the recording will be sent out. Here's the link to an exclusive promo code: www.eventbrite.com/e/371206828617/?discount=YOUTUBEVIP
  2. @jackfischer5153 [1 likes]: Rich people tend to be good people.
Poor people tend to be drug addict assholes you definitely got your information backwards.
  3. @gingerpickett6958 [1 likes]: Who else is watching post Epstein release?
  4. @kesayo [1 likes]: I don't think success leads to lack of empathy, it's the other way around. You have to lack empathy to be successful. 
People who share their money, knowledge, skills and time freely with others tend not to become wealthly. On the other hand, if you hoard everything and only give it in exchange for something of equal or greater value, you tend to become wealthy. I have a friend who is the CEO of a mid-sized copmany. He lives on a huge estate with it's own park and lake, along with a 12 car garage filled with exotic cars on a marble driveway. He's worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Yet, he will fight you tooth and nail over a few thousand dollars on a negotiated agreement. It's in their DNA to fight for every last penny because they believe that you are only worth what you deserve.
  5. @danicegewiss862: No rich people don't become assholes. Assholes become rich. I know many rich people who are not assholes. They can be ultra generous and kind. Poor people can be assholes too.
  6. @trainsplanesandotherthings5187: The Biggest Asshole Donald Trump
  7. @Brolykingchiraq: Because we can I'm rich and I'm from Chicago 😊😊😎😎😂😂
  8. @brandonwillis2025: you are pretty
  9. @dougjiro: The car intersection study is flawed. Some poor people drive expensive cars as a show of wealth.
  10. @margotkeulen1086: No, they always we're! Nu Being rich i can afford ignoring speedlimitd no parkingsigns
  11. @browardrap: Next Video idea, Why Assholes Become Rich People!
  12. @Stephanie-m9p7k: God Bless all our designers! For all us poor rags ladies all age groups, that cannot afford a thing. Kate spade still outta reach, Mike kors still outta reach, are us ladies praying for a Savior,vor a man that can Afford them? I'm autistic woman, shit, sorry idk. Observation only
  13. @WizardApe8: Just a bit of criticism, playing devils advocate. 1. Paying more taxes? Has throwing money at problems ever solved them? Does paying more money to teachers make kids smarter and more adaptable to the world? Just one example. Sometimes, more money just reveals a lot of wrong in the system. I would rather throw money at a chatgpt or other thing that makes the world better.
[Edit] on the empathy of other lower status, etc. There are certain things forced upon you with more responsibility. Time and energy are more vital. You cant really hear the tune of poverty when the world needs reliable oil or trains/transport. I.e. rockefeller and Carnegie. Would you try to spend your money feeding and housing everyone? The math doesnt work. There are things greater than money. Sure a million/billion dollars is good. But so is a full meal from a ww2 death camp.
[Edit] well lots of videos are on the vibe of rich people = evil/bad. But i see it differently. I mean muggers and gangs are not billionaires. There are certain things you need to do to protect yourself and your lifes work. Overall good video. 👍
  14. @CathyRowe-r1v: Its kind of 50/50 ive met rich people that are nice then ones very cruel.as long as they dont look down on others they tend to be concerned with the good of others genuinely
  15. @dbkeenan: We live in a time when only the wealthy matter. The top 10% in income hold 90% of the wealth and account for 50% of all spending. The wealthy often realize this and feel they are owed gratitude for propping up the economy.
  16. @ChristopherCush-f3t: A study by me and my lower class friends found that wealthy people eat more spit and hockers than lower class people. We theorize this is because lower class people are smart enough to know that you don't disrespect or condescend the people who are in control of your food. There are other studies that show wealthy people consume more body fluids of others (not just spit and snot) than any other demographic, though body fluid consumption of non- spit fluids is less common.
  17. @photondance: I am a trillionaire and America is my mansion.  
Why should I have to settle for less than I bought?
  18. @Jason_Portman: Rich adults don't become assholes, they've already demonstrated themselves to be assholes by being rich
  19. @lizardgirl797: My partner is wealthy and he would rather watch me starve than help. He’s a money hoarder.
  20. @GabrielleRush-c9d: It’s a great reason why I will never again place my energy into government politics on who wins the elections or focus on trying to figure it all out.  It was stressful leading up to the first round.  I saw enough of the rich buy gets to meet rich girls .  Syndrome that wealthy people are capable of pulling off .   

❤

- RICH PEOPLE PROBLEMS | 10 Things Rich People Worry About: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to whiteboard finance my name is Marco and I'm here to help you master your money and build your wealth today we're talking about rich people problems these are ten different things that rich people have to worry about that the average middle-class person doesn't necessarily have to so this video is not necessarily going to be educational but it's more to spark an idea in your head to realize hey I'm watching white board finance hopefully one day I'm gonna be rich maybe I have to deal with some of these problems and maybe I'll think of ways to mitigate them so let's start with number one so the first off you have to realize when you're loaded you have to understand there's my significant other really loved me so that's a heart okay I'll draw a little arrow as well so this is something that you have to think about because in the dating scene there's a lot of people that just date people whether they're men or women because they're wealthy and that actually evolves into marriage and then you have to consider things like a prenup and then the argument always comes up well you know if you really love me you won't sign a prenup right and then the person that's rich will say well you know if you really love me you don't have to worry about the prenup because it will never have to use it so my point to this one is that it's easier before you get rich to find a partner because I think that you're kind of starting on a level playing ground so does my significant other really love me number one number two is you know the natural evolution if you do decide to have children you have to worry if these kids are gonna be spoiled brats right so my children gonna be spoiled so the the philosophy that comes with this is that the kids are having an easier upbringing you know they're going to private schools they're doing all the stuff that you may or may not have had the opportunity to partake in and they're kind of starting life off on a better foot so the problem with this typically from what I've seen from personal experience is that these kids kind of lose that drive and also from reading The Millionaire Next Door that studies a bunch of immigrants who came here with nothing who started their own businesses and they always push education on their kids education education education and the kids just end up middle class because they get regular nine-to-five office jobs or they become like a lawyer or doctor or something like that but they never really become an entrepreneur or someone who's super super rich as the business owner usually becomes so if you want to read about The Millionaire Next Door check out the link below it is an audible and you can get that for free so this could be mitigated by a proper upbringing in my opinion so I do know someone close to me who runs a very successful practice and he's probably I'd say early 50s at this point and all his kids were raised absolutely normally they all had jobs they all you know came up with a normal upbringing so I think to counter number two of having spoiled children is that you have to give them all the opportunities but you also have to be able to give and take and make sure that they know how to fend for themselves so the natural progression of growing up rich or being rich takes you to the question of are my friends real okay so when you're rich you always have the thought in the back of your head are these people just taking advantage of me because I have a nice boat and I take them out for boat rides or I have throw awesome pool parties or I throw huge parties where all the wealthiest people in the city or meeting and maybe they can rub elbows or rub shoulders with other you know high influential people throughout the city right so this lends you to the question of our people hanging out with me just because I'm rich are they hanging out with me because they truly like me as a person so this is similar to number one in the marriage category so you are the average of the five people you hang out with the most so when rich people throw parties I can tell you because I've been to them my old boss threw the best parties in the town you're rubbing shoulders with people that you see on TV with athletes with people that are just overall successful individuals there were no losers at these parties okay so that lends you to the question again are these people that you really kind of grew up with you shared a struggle with you went through everything with and these are my you know ride-or-die people that will bail me out of jail at 3 in the morning or these kind of people that are just kind of yeah they're at my party because they're there to be seen there's some way that they can gain something from being here so that ultimately leads you to the question of are my friends for real so number four and this is one that I've seen personally I'm trying to incorporate as much personal anecdote into these as possible so number four is being considered cheap okay so even if you're the most philanthropic person in the world okay you're giving to charity or doing everything all it takes is you being rich okay or being quote unquote perceived as rich for someone to think you're cheap if you don't buy them a round of drinks at a bar okay so here's a perfect example my buddy bought a brand new you know beautiful Mercedes you know he's a younger guy he's crushing it in sales I'm super happy for him but I told him I'm like dude if you drive that car around people are gonna say oh why didn't XYZ buy me a round of drinks you know he's driving a brand-new Mercedes he's driving a brand-new Beemer you know et cetera et cetera so you have to realize that when people perceive you as rich no matter what you do you're always going to be considered cheap even if you're the most philanthropic person out there so don't let this deter you from obviously you know truly achieving your goals and becoming rich but that's why stealth wealth is important don't flaunt your wealth don't shove it down people's throats you know just be the stealth wealth guy that gives a lot and is always perceived as being giving because people don't think you're necessarily a multimillionaire right so number five and I hope these are making sense for you guys again these are just to change you know the paradigm in your head once you altima leary CH this level so number five so we talked about being cheap and let's talk about something that every rich person is being scared of so I'm gonna try and draw a horse and a donkey so there's the donkey okay beautiful donkey this is terrible let me just let me let me do this I'll call this lifestyle inflation okay so rich people aren't scared of lifestyle inflation but my point of drawing the donkey was that there's a proverb in the old country that goes it's easy to go from a donkey to a horse but back down from a horse to a donkey is a whole nother story so that talks about lifestyle inflation so rich people are scared of losing it all they've worked so hard to build up you know the reputation and their wealth and their status within the community and if you lose it all it's kind of like crap I got to start all the way back from zero even though I've made all these sacrifices so number six is one that most of us don't have to worry about but it's definitely a point for landlords that own their properties flea free and clear high net worth celebrities people that are in the public eye we've seen more and more of this especially in the media these days and that's being a target for lawsuits okay so that's a target and we'll just call this lawsuits okay so people know you have money you're either a public figure you're known within the community you're a landlord that owns property free and clear they're going to go after you and try and take your property they just conveniently slipped on some ice in front of your sidewalk so here's a perfect example of a true example that's happened in my real life so this didn't happen to me it happened to a friend a family friend of mine they're ultimately renting a really nice house in a really nice suburb because they're waiting on their new house to be built so ultimately while that house was being built they got into a car accident where truly was not their fault there was a camera on the highway everything was recorded and ultimately the person who is suing them was just gonna go after the original money that the insurance claim covered okay whether it was like 100 grand 300 grand I forgot what it was and then their lawyer actually drove by the house that they are renting saw that it was in a beautiful neighborhood it's a very expensive home they actually up to the amount of the litigation of the lawsuit just because they thought they made more money than they really did so again that stealth wealth is kind of what's gonna save you here what we talked about earlier so rich people are a target for lawsuits okay so number seven you guys all remember the game show called the family feud okay so rich people have to worry about their estate after they pass so this is family bickering after your death so they know grandpa's loaded they know he started a business you know 50 60 70 years ago there's millions in the bank account you know when am I gonna get my slice so we've seen families being torn apart over money which is really sad because you know time health and family are probably the three most important things in life and if you're kind of missing that you're kind of missing the point in my opinion so this needs to be discussed with an estate planning attorney before that person passes away and even then a lot of people are not going to be happy with what they're left in the will they're gonna say oh I only got the beachfront property I wanted the business yeah I wanted this so ultimately it's human nature to where people are never happy so number eight is one that I think we've all experienced in one way or another we've had friends go off to college we've had friends become losers we've had friends become successful number eight is growing apart so I'll use the one instead of the friends being together the friends are gonna be growing apart and they end up doing their own thing okay so as I mentioned earlier in this video you're the average of the five people you hang out with the most that's almost fact and it's almost guaranteed you hang out with people that live in their mother's basement that you know smoke marijuana and play video games that's probably what you're gonna end up being you hang out with you know multi-million dollar CEOs that run their own company that are ambitious you're probably in a land somewhere over there so ultimately people take different roads in life another personal experience of mine one of my best friends I've known him since we were five years old he's a very successful medical professional but he went off to school when we were 18 and that's when our relationship kind of went apart even though I still see him to this day we're still best friends the thing is though we've grown apart because he's moved to another city he's gone to another field he's done so many different things that just they haven't meshed with my life so we're not as close as we used to be so the rich have to worry about this because they see the sacrifice of giving up the loser friends that are sitting in their mom's basement you know smoking marijuana you know playing xbox they cut those people out of their lives and those are usually people say what's up bro you forgot about me well sometimes you do have to cut those loose ends you know I hate to say that so growing apart from childhood friends is another one that the rich have to worry about number nine this kind of ties into what we just talked about and that's singing out on memories okay so I'll draw a little thought bubble here of the positive memories missing out on these memories is that how do I explain this here's a perfect example so my boss my previous boss not the job that I just left to do YouTube full-time but my job before that he's a good dude you know he hired me he was about in his mid-20s I was in my late 20s at the time ultimately he was working you know 80 90 hundred hours a week I'm just like I asked him one day I'm like dude is it worth it like when is enough enough talking about money he's making probably you know four or five hundred grand at the time per year and I asked them I'm like when is enough enough and he looks at me he says he's like what else am I gonna do you know I don't really have any friends so I'm like that kind of shifted a paradigm in my heads thinking to myself well you make all this money but what is it worth it what's the point of all this so that leads me to number 10 sacrificing memories and also the ultimate question that the rich face is it worth it so that's the million dollar question okay at the end of the day you've sacrificed friends you've sacrificed most likely time health family you're worried about your spouse you're worried about your kids worry about all this stuff just to build whether it's a business or a service or something that's made you your Millions at the end of the day the rich people have to worry when they're on their deathbed was it all worth it and that's the million-dollar question and only they can look inside themselves and find out if that's true or not so that's pretty much all I got for you guys today I hope you enjoyed this kind of philosophical type of video if you liked it let me know down below and also what are your thoughts about some things that rich and poor people have to face in their lives at the end of the day it's always nice having money in the bank because money is options and money is security and money I look at it just as freedom units if you will but it really depends on the stuff you have to sacrifice throughout your life to get there I hope you enjoyed this video if you did please share it with one friend YouTube is my full-time gig now so I really appreciate you spreading the word thank you so much and have a prosperous day [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhiteBoardFinance [17 likes]: Do you have rich people problems?
  2. @Falconteam55 [10 likes]: Excellent content, very honest video. As a European, it is refreshing to finally see an American vlogger who is talking in a normal manner, not overexaggerating anything or without being irritably enthusiastic and optimistic with a fake smile on. Keep up the good work :)
  3. @oranjjjggg [2 likes]: Some of the most screwed up people I’ve ever met are children of wealthy people. It really is a huge problem, and very sad to see.
  4. @chrismcclure4264 [1 likes]: I love how authentic and relaxed you are in this.  Contrast this with so many videos with fast cuts and intense zooms. I really enjoyed the video. Thank you
  5. @sebvail7136 [1 likes]: 🧏‼️
  6. @thedreamdosage [1 likes]: Thank you!!!
  7. @DarkBirgon [1 likes]: I'd MUCH rather have rich people problems then the poor people problems I have now.
  8. @ToddSloanIAAN [1 likes]: Loser loser 10:51 do you really believe he hates to say that? Be a whiner, I mean winner and cry for this chump who like the rest of 'em worries about his fragile little ego as much as dRumph does! Bernie would win any/alltruedebatesagainsttheAngryOrangeTwitTrumpfoolidiotasshalfwitnincompoopblockheadbuffoonliar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  9. @darrenstettner5381 [1 likes]: This is some really accurate perspective. I always thought life would be so grand once I had financial freedom but the reality has been that having money has been a huge strain on my personal life.
  10. @Sun_Singh [1 likes]: Sad and sobering as I can relate to this since I'm a med professional
  11. @cidhighwind8590: Rich people also have problems drawing donkeys I’ve learned
  12. @apa8201: I love to have these problems..
  13. @luxx9751: Of course it’s worth it lol being broke did something to my spirit 😂
  14. @EarthLovePractitioner: ♻️🌏👣😂💨
  15. @xyzxyz-x5m: NICE.
  16. @Boistyle34: None of these are actual problems lmao, can’t wait to be rich.
  17. @Nassawbrigante: Dope
  18. @healthmat3971: Thanks
  19. @toddaustin2198: Why is TAXES not on the list?
  20. @123s453e56a6l: 1-10 how to make more money and fuck over more family i guess in my case

- Mega Rich People Pay Less Tax Than You | WHILE THE REST OF US DIE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I think that people had a cynical jaded sense that uh the ultra wealthy get away with it but no one had ever seen the numbers tax information is among the most closely guarded secrets in America but in 2021 the news site for Republica revealed that it had 15 years of tax records for the wealthiest individuals in the country anyone really understood that people like Jeff Bezos who's the richest human being in the world or Elon Musk who runs test line has been the second richest person in the world could pay zero in taxes and federal income taxes in recent years Elon Musk paid zero in 2018. Jeff Bezos paid zero federal income taxes in two recent years 2007 and 2011. Michael Bloomberg paid zero in taxes in recent years George Soros did it and so that was pretty shocking in and of itself that they could literally get their bill down to zero perhaps the most surprising thing is that for the most wealthy people in America the top 0.1 percent the tax rates don't seem to apply and while Washington debates raising the tax rate on the wealthy the super wealthy may as well be living in outer space we're essentially having a debate that's an entirely a non-sequitur we are fixated on rates rates dominate our conversation uh but we're really not talking about the essential things that matter the wealth defense industry is the army of tax attorneys wealth managers accountants people who work with the world's wealthiest families they're paid Millions to hide trillions they are the financial Butlers to the super rich I grew up in the wealthiest one percent my great-grandfather ran a successful meat packing business four generations later here I am now I made a decision in my early 20s that I didn't really want to benefit from a system of dynastic and inherited wealth what that did is it gave me an insight into this whole system and particularly how the wealth defense industry which are often what families considered the trusted advisors to the family are part of the enablers they're the fixers they're the ones that wealthy families hire to move their money to the Shadows so one way to look at it is the wealthy would rather spend money on their lawyers than pay higher taxes if they can pay for lobbyists there like the rich don't want to pay they just don't want to pay the federal government I guess they think the rest of us should be paying taxes so they don't have to facing Elite armies of tax attorneys and accountants the IRS realizes in the early 2000s that they need to come up with a way to fight back we could think of as a Seal Team Six an elite unit of Auditors to go after the Super well thing but the wealthy move quickly to disarm this new IRS unit tasked with getting their money they get their friends in government to go after the IRS instead one of the things that's happened over the last 10 years is that the capacity of the Internal Revenue Service to do oversight of the Super Rich has been decimated you're four times more likely to be audited if you use the earned income credit which is a tax provision for low and middle-income households than if you're a super rich person when you look at who's audited the IRS is auditing eitc claimants in the South more than 50 percent of black Americans live in the south so why is it that we see the Earned Income Tax Credit getting so much scrutiny from the IRS but not high income high wealth individuals why because it's easier the typical earning attacks claimant doesn't have a plethora of lawyers on retainer they're an easy mark but the truth about how much taxes the wealthy avoid paying is even more astounding than most people realize earthlings say the only two constants in life are death and taxes but for billionaires there's only death here's how that works if you're super wealthy you get to decide what your income really is you simply choose not to pay yourself leave your wealth alone in your company or your Investments they sit on this mountain of wealth it appreciates in value and they don't sell and they don't spend down their fortunes instead they borrow against their fortunes to fund their lifestyle or help their business while for the rest of us borrowing means going into debt for the Uber Rich it's a way to sequester their wealth from the IRS and then they can at the very end when they die they can avoid the taxes at the end of life the estate tax and so they are really outside of the tax system of course wealthy individuals aren't alone in avoiding paying taxes in 2020 55 of the richest corporations in America also got away with paying zero taxes well we end up living in a society where we the people pay for all of the external costs of the corporation so McDonald's can give us cheaper hamburgers because we're paying for the roads that its big trucks are going back and forth on to create a fast food Empire and that's the way every corporation tends to work they they look at whatever is going to cost them money and they figure out how to externalize that to the public sector where we end up in is a world with a crumbling infrastructure with no social services unable to pay for basic medical care for people

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE-TV [8 likes]: Subscribe so you don't miss out on VICE TV clips: https://bit.ly/VICETVSubscribe
  2. @johnstirling6597 [3 likes]: The issue is that it is relatively easy to avoid income tax, as a wealthy person all you have to do is not have what is classed as traditional "income". Get paid a nominal amount for your job then route other earnings via tax efficient systems to yourself,(dividends etc) . The use of private jets, vehicles homes are all paid via limited liability companies as business expenses and in the end you probably only pay 10 to 15 % at most.
  3. @youtubetim3577 [2 likes]: I seen on list companies dont pay taxes kinder morgan, ugi etc some of those are llp were its passed onto the share holder every year.
  4. @robertmurrill165 [2 likes]: and everybody wonders why this country is so screwed up
  5. @TerryTappArt [2 likes]: We have the weapons to deal with them
  6. @freedomforthebrave [1 likes]: This world is not for the honorst people . The working class is only to make the government rich. Not the working class rich
  7. @techcafe0 [1 likes]: Billionaires shouldn't exist. We don't need them. They need us.
  8. @techcafe0 [1 likes]: "the 'wealth defense industry' is the army of tax lawyers, wealth managers, accountants, people who work with the world's wealthiest … they are paid millions to hide trillions"

call me a cynic, but this is not how a fair capitalist economy is supposed to function. when the mega rich refuse to pay their fair share to the common public good, democracy is undermined, along with our freedoms.
  9. @markmyjak7739 [1 likes]: They all have one thing in common. They all own a business. Their wealth is tied up in assets. You can borrow from your assets.

We done the same thing. We borro against out house. And what do we do with that money. We piss it away instead of investing it.
  10. @_xBrokenxDreamsx_ [1 likes]: elon paid 11 billion didn't he? after he sold his stock to purchase twitter i believe.. tesla has over 100k employees now i think and they all pay tax.  plus the company produces a million cars a year.  i'm not trying to be a jerk but the people on welfare by definition produce nothing for society - no jobs nor products and services. who should we be rewarding?
  11. @_H.A.N.N.A_ [1 likes]: They should do an interview with the wealthy who pay tax 😂 I think you can’t find any
  12. @kenwelckle367: Yet, average American people. Will go to jail.  For not paying taxes.
  13. @mystique5168: We forget we have the power.  If we stop paying taxes, they can't put all of us in prison.
  14. @Chewie316: Anybody doubting what George Carlin said about this?
  15. @aminahmed6482: While some wealthy individuals pay proportionally less in taxes due to loopholes and deductions, it's understandable given government mismanagement and waste, such as trillions spent on ineffective wars and programs. Before increasing taxes, the focus should be on fixing corruption and inefficiencies within the government. Wealthy taxpayers may argue that they already contribute significantly to overall tax revenue and should not be unfairly burdened without meaningful reforms. Thus, it's justifiable for taxpayers to question increased taxation until the government demonstrates accountability and efficiency in resource allocation.
  16. @codybertram6122: I hope it would work but on the other hand can you imagine if sleepy joe had a hold of an even higher budget? We’d be going to war with Russia and china on behalf of Europe
  17. @aionbiabia: I know a really rich family,  they have an organization and they donate to their own organization tons of money, which it's a way for them to not pay taxes and get away with it.
  18. @easyranger6898: The US government is corrupt and run by a shady amalgam of special interests and the ultra wealthy. This applies to all three branches of government and both parties and there are almost no exceptions. Elections are little more than a charade, Americans being played off of each other over wedge issues and thought of as less than pawns. less than humans, and completely disposable by billionaires. You are being used.
  19. @antonk.2748: As much as I appreciate this 6 min overview video, I want details, give me numbers, a 40 min video explaining exactly whats going on and the methods employed by creative accountants as well as political connections and case studies.
  20. @Yourmission9: The lower to upper middle class ALWAYS foots the bill for America. Didn’t use to be this way. You need to research Eisenhower’s presidency and taxation

- How the rich avoid paying taxes: Kind: captions Language: en-US This is Warren Buffett, one of the richest people in the world. Thanks to the company he runs — Berkshire Hathaway. Basically, it’s a holding company that just owns a bunch of other companies: Geico, Dairy Queen, a huge railroad. As well as lots of stock in other companies, like Apple and CocaCola. So when those companies do well and their stock goes up, Berkshire Hathaway stock goes up. When Buffett took over the company in 1965, a single share was worth $19. Today it’s worth nearly a half million dollars. Buffett owns nearly 240,000 of these shares. This is where his wealth is. But, as he has been known for pointing out: Warren Buffett still pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. She pays twice the rate I pay, I think that’s outrageous. That’s because they pay different types of taxes. His secretary pays income taxes on her salary, but Buffett mainly pays capital gains taxes on his sold stock. And that’s taxed at nearly half the rate. The wealthy are definitely undertaxed. In the US, the disparity between the richest Americans and everyone else has been growing. And in the last 40 years, the after-tax income of the richest has risen more than 400%, while middle class income has only risen 50%. The way these people make money is very different than the way these people make money. And they’re not taxed the same. I pay less in taxes than people that work for a living and make as much money as I do. This is Morris. He used to work on Wall Street, now he’s retired and lives off his many stock market investments. I own stock in companies: Berkshire Hathaway, and Amazon, and Apple. He’s a pretty typical one percenter. Except that he spends his money advocating for rich people, like him, to be taxed more. I want to live in a country filled with a middle class of people who can all afford to shop in our businesses. Most people have a normal job — they get a paycheck and pay income tax — ranging from 10 to 37 percent. But people like Morris, they make a lot of their income from investments, generally stocks and real estate. These investments are taxed as capital gains, and things like long-term stock have a maximum tax rate of just 20%. I sold some stock recently for $400,000 and my taxes on that were around $50,000. But that $50,000 is far less tax than anyone who has a job making $400,000 a year would pay. And most of his wealth, well, isn’t even taxable. People like Morris — or Buffett — are worth so much money because of the stock that they hold. But it’s not tangible, spendable, taxable money. I can look at my stock portfolio and I can say, oh, I made a million dollars this year. But it doesn't mean I have to pay anything in taxes because our system is based on only paying taxes when you actually sell something. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos — the richest man in America thanks mostly to his Amazon stock — pays almost nothing in taxes. We value his worth here, but it’s never taxed until it’s turned into real money when he sells the stock, and it’s taxed as a capital gain. This is one way billionaires are able to be technically worth so much money, but pay so little in taxes. Some billionaires, like Elon Musk, are able to get loans against their stocks, and live off of that. They don’t even need to sell the stock to turn it into spendable money. No sale, no taxes. The fact is, if you're a billionaire, you don't need any income. There’s also a big loophole in capital gains taxes that the rich exploit called the "stepped-up basis." If, hypothetically, Warren Buffett were to sell his stock, he’d have to pay capital gains taxes based on his profit. So the cost of the stock, minus the original investment. But if he holds off selling his entire life, when he dies, whoever inherits the stock, and then sells it, would only have to pay taxes on what they earned after they inherited it. Leaving all those original gains untaxed. It’s part of what’s called “buy, borrow, die”, and it’s one way the richest families avoid paying taxes. It’s this system, and the fact that most taxable capital gains are going to the top 1%, that lawmakers see changing the capital gains tax as an easy way to tax the rich. President Biden has proposed closing that “stepped up” loophole and increasing the maximum tax rate from 20% to 39.6%, but just for people making more than a million dollars a year. Critics argue it may discourage people from investing in the stock market, or that current millionaires would just sell less stock. But it would bring in more tax revenue, from more conservative estimates of $200 billion over ten years to double that. It would also mean Buffett would pay a closer tax rate to his secretary. But this pile of unrealized money, still goes untaxed. There's a lot of things we could do to make the system more fair. We could have taxes on wealth. We could have taxes on gains in the stock market. Most Americans are bothered that wealthy people don’t pay their fair share. And changing capital gains taxes wouldn’t be the whole solution, but advocates argue it’d be an easy place to start. Our system is making the rich get richer and richer and richer and everyone else just not.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1100 likes]: If you want to learn more about the US tax system, check out ProPublica's investigation into the wealth and taxes of some of the richest people in the country. They obtained IRS records of billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk that specifically show how the rich get away with paying little to no taxes. 
https://www.propublica.org/article/the-secret-irs-files-trove-of-never-before-seen-records-reveal-how-the-wealthiest-avoid-income-tax
  2. @JacksonJohnson-h1g [2 likes]: The rich will never let you vote away their wealth. The wealth of the billionaires must be expropriated by the working people or there's no chance of you seeing that lost labor value ever again.
  3. @SaidJama-u2d [2 likes]: Tax money isn't used properly anyway
  4. @spiralnapkin: I love when I hear pay complain about the rich not paying taxes (its usually directed about Musk and Trump). I laugh because firstly, they have no idea what they're talking about. They don't know how they avoid taxes yet they complain about it anyway. Secondly, they act as if they'd just  voluntarily donate millions and millions of dollars per year to the frickin government out of the kindness of their hearts, if they were rich. And thirdly, they refuse to believe that Musk pays more taxes than just about anybody in America. He was the #1 highest taxed person in America in 2021. 
Don't hate the player, hate the game. But also, the game is designed the way it is for a reason, not just to benefit rich people.
  5. @MariuszReels: "If you're without a home, simply purchase a house" that woman's statement is much more understandable now 😃
  6. @psycleen: spank the banks
  7. @cynthg9547: Just know Elon the richest man gets our money by government funding
  8. @helium73: OK when he says he pays less tax than his secretary he's saying he pays a smaller percentage.  He still pays way more tax.
  9. @helium73: As admirable as it is that he wants to pay more taxes. I mean how much more?  Does he want to pay half his wealth?   That's hard to track down considering all the work that goes into protecting it.  There are so few rich people that just paying more than the middle class won't be that much.    It depends on how much more and the billionaires are so few in number that even then it's unclear if it would help.  Besides that we have the government middle man getting it's cut.  Will anything actually trickle down to normal people?    Maybe they should get out of paying taxes by creating jobs.   That would actually help everyone.  If the rich really want to help the little people then get rid of minimum wage so everyone can get a job.   Minimum wage didn't exist before and while there used to be poor people there wasn't mass homelessness.  Minimum wage creates a barrier to entry.  All it does is protect skilled workers from losing their jobs.  It encourages companies to hire fewer people and streamline their companies with technology.    Computers have been replacing people for years but with AI it's another leap forward in firing people.  But the billionaires benefit because they get a larger cut of the profits.  They don't have to pay as many salaries.  Minimum wage is like the gym or medicine.  It's unpleasant for them at first but it pays off because they figure out how to do more with less.
  10. @allps3review: Jeff needs to be forced to paid taxes
  11. @sacapuntasfregerio4274: How is income tax? Even a real word?
  12. @simplexplainedu: It’s wild that working harder can mean paying more tax than owning assets.
  13. @Markkk-u3p: 🎶
  14. @Markkk-u3p: 🎵
  15. @jasoncardoza6375: Tax the stocks, if you have enough to invest in it you should be taxed on it…it’ll definitely sort itself out quickly 😂
  16. @TylerManter-ng9xm: The rich should pay taxes and politicians
  17. @billyb6001: You should do one on how women avoid paying taxes
  18. @aloofbiker: Im a working class Republican and I support our billionaires.  They earned their money fairly and contribute by creating jobs.   All the people whining about the economy need to work harder and stop relying on handouts.
  19. @aloofbiker: Im a working class Republican and I support our billionaires.  They earned their money fairly and contribute by creating jobs.   All the people whining about the economy need to work harder and stop relying on handouts.
  20. @Neil-i6r: The wealthiest 1%, earned 14% of the income and paid 35% of all individual income taxes.  By comparison, the bottom 60% of all taxpayers earn 28% of all income and pay just 1% of all individual income taxes.

- 8 Insane Things Rich People Think Are Normal: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, guys. It's Chelsea from The Financial Diet. And if you have not already, please do not forget to hit the Subscribe button to keep in touch with all of the amazing financial content that we're giving you on a hot, fresh, weekly basis. And also upgrade your life by hitting the Join button to join the very elite, mysterious, possibly cultish society of TFD. And today we are here to talk about one of my favorite topics, which is rich people and how they're ruining America. If there is one cliche about the wealthy that really rings true in practice on a sociological level, it is that they are out of touch about how wealthy they are. And this is in large part because, generally, they associate only with other wealthy people. In a UK study from independent survey provider Vivatic, 1,000 people were quizzed on their, "experience with their wealthier and worse off friends to see how differing finances can tear even the strongest relationships apart. Shockingly, the report found that well over a third, or 39%, of those in the wealthier category have cut ties with hard-up friends due to incompatible lifestyles, suggesting that the material appeal of champagne brunches and designer labels are more important than close emotional bonds. The research also showed that richer people categorically prefer to surround themselves with friends of a similar pay bracket with nearly half, 46%, saying that they deliberately try to socialize with people of equal means." Now, as some of you might have seen from other videos on this channel-- and if you haven't I highly encourage you to check them out, and I'll link them in the description-- I have had the unique experience that some of you might be able to relate to of working for very wealthy people when I was very low income and having that sort of interesting window into their lives. I worked for example as a secretary at a yacht club, which is a country club but worse, and was an au pair/nanny for several super high earning families. You really get an inside glimpse into the versions of these people that they're not really used to showing people outside of their tax bracket, and you quickly realize that so many elements of their life, which are unrelatable in every way to the average person, are perceived by them as being totally normal because of how much they've reduced their social pool. And that would be enough of a sociological problem if it didn't impact in such a major way how the rest of us live, because the wealthy have a super outsized influence on things like policy decisions, and lobbying, and corporate influence, and just generally dictating how society organizes itself. So what is normalized for the wealthy sort of de facto become normal for everyone else, even though it isn't. This can change our most fundamental perceptions about how people should be expected to live and navigate through the world. So without further ado, let's dive into it with eight things rich people think are totally normal. Number one is life-altering mistakes aren't a big deal. Simply put, wealthy people do not have to worry about the consequences of making mistakes that people at lower incomes do. If you've ever read a celebrity or multimillionaire, CEO, founder, whatever, Wikipedia page, you'll notice that any legal troubles tend to be quickly resolved and a minor footnote in their overall life story. Oftentimes, these can be legal troubles that would otherwise destroy a person's life. I'm not going to name names here, but there's like 50 celebrities who have killed a person while driving, including some of your faves. Wealthy people just don't have the same level of caution and don't feel that they have to play by the same rules. As one TFD article by writer Allie Volpe put it, "According to research from 2012, over the course of seven experiments, upper-class individuals were more likely to break the law while driving, to make a habit of unethical decision-making, to take valued goods from others, lie in a negotiation, cheat to increase their chances of winning a prize, and endorse unethical behavior at work than lower class folks." And even mistakes that could get the average person into massive amounts of trouble can easily be waved away by the wealthier among us because, in many cases, they can simply pay a fine. 500 here, 1,000 there. It's nothing for them to just pay a fine or a bail to make sure that they don't have to deal with a problem in a prolonged way, even though that's more than most people have in their savings accounts. And this bleeds into our narrative about bootstrapping, that we should all be able to make ourselves into a successful person no matter where we started on the socioeconomic ladder. But when you realize that the average cost of a single mistake along the way can be more than what an average person has in savings, you realize that the difference between being able to keep on on your desired path and being totally thrust into poverty or even homelessness is just a question of financial privilege. And yet, this perception of "you could learn from your mistakes and improve upon them" is pretty widely accepted as our cultural narrative, even though for many people it's simply not an option. And one mistake can be totally devastating. And this bias in favoring people who are able to pony up the dough even applies in cases where both the wealthier and the poorer person actually face consequences. "A 2016 analysis in New York City showed that 43% of those charged with misdemeanors remained in jail until the end of their case, including 40% whose bail was set at $500 or less. Research has shown that defendants detained for the entire pre-trial period are more likely to be sentenced to jail or prison and for longer periods of time compared with defendants who are released to fight their cases from outside jail." We've internalized this cultural narrative that mistakes make us stronger, but that's only true for people who can afford to make them. Number two is expecting an inheritance. There's a trend in personal finance media that has become essentially comical at this point, where you'll see a headline about a 24-year-old who paid off $200,000 in student loans and bought their first house, and it's not until the second to last paragraph that you read about the fact that their grandmother was hit by a bus and left them a massive inheritance, which, like, honestly grandma, work. And this is why people like Kylie Jenner, who was born into one of the most wealthy well known and well-connected families, can be considered a self-made billionaire because we've become, as a society, extremely forgiving of the idea of what it means to inherit. I feel like every other day we're having to deal with a new celebrity's kid being famous. It's like, I don't want to see all your shitty kids in movies. Give us new celebrities. And while building generational wealth may be a goal for many of us, it is hardly the norm. And the generational wealth gap has only increased in recent decades. "In 1989, the median household age 65 to 75 held almost eight times more wealth than families headed by 25- to 35-year-olds. By 2016, according to an analysis by the St. Louis Fed, the median baby boomer had close to 13 times more wealth than the typical millennial. But while boomers as a group inherited trillions from their parents, most members of the post-war generation got nothing. About 20% of households have received inheritances, United Income's analysis shows, a share that has been flat over the last 30 years." Ultimately, we've become a society that is incredibly forgiving about the advantage it confers to be born on third base economically while ignoring the fact that for more and more and more of the American population, inheriting anything from your parents except perhaps debts associated with their funeral is increasingly unlikely. Number 3 is having a Deus Ex Machina relative. As I mentioned before, when you live in a place like New York City, you get increasingly used to knowing people who have relatives who happily fund their lavish lifestyles well into adulthood. And this is especially true if you work in an industry that is typically perceived as more glamorous, and therefore, in many cases, pays worse. I'm not going to go into too much identifying detail here, but when I worked at a media company in Brooklyn, one of my coworkers who earned-- I mean, assuming she didn't earn more than I did, which I don't think was possible given the circumstances-- probably about $30,000 a year, and lived in an industrial loft that was, like, the size of a small warehouse and wore designer clothes to work every single day. She also went to the Gossip Girl high school and once told us that they all went to Bungalow Eight before their high school homecoming, which sounds illegal. And yet, you associate with people like this in various elements of your adult life and both have to pretend as though you're playing on an equal playing field, when obviously you are not. And wealthy parents aren't just helping their adult kids with things like their monthly rent. Sometimes they're buying them things like full-on starter homes. "Co-buying, where multiple, non-married buyers are listed on the sales deed, has become increasingly common in some of the country's most popular housing markets. Many of these transactions involve parents helping their kids buy a home, or buying a home for them altogether. In San Jose, California, nearly half of all housing sales involve co-buyers as of the second quarter of 2018, according to a report from Attom. Other cities where 25% or more of sales involve multiple buyers include San Francisco, Honolulu, Seattle, Miami, Boston, and even Durham, North Carolina. Moreover, more than one out of four mortgage buyers who took out a Federal Housing Administration-insured loan received assistance from a family member to afford their down payment." So basically, even the systems we're designing to help level the playing field as people enter adulthood are being undermined by the fact that some people are getting help from mom and dad. And when you realize that in housing markets where, listen, everyone needs to be able to find a place to live if they work in that housing market. I mean, here in New York, where are teachers and nurses and firefighters and all of the people who make New York City turn supposed to live? We're creating entirely artificial markets in this way, and doing very little to oppose it. Because even, for example, if on certain homes we put an income cap on whatever the person needs to be making in order to qualify to buy the home in an interest to keep a more middle-class population in the building, you could often have people who, on paper, only earn a fairly low salary but whose parents can afford to give them the entire down payment. And yet we are not addressing these inherent inequalities in our housing law. And this is during a time when America's wealthiest cities have been facing housing crises for years. In New York City alone, more than half of households with an income between $15- and $30,000 are severely rent burdened, AKA paying more than 50% of total household income in rent. Number four is having a suspect "wellness" routine. Rich people do seem to be more proactive about their health in general. But that's usually just because they have more disposable income and time with which to focus on their health. The wellness industry is now worth billions of dollars, and it's because, for many people, it has gone from just being about being physically fit and as healthy as you can be in your body to creating a sort of aura of wellness that confers status and self-control and affluence and aspiration. And even though most of us don't necessarily participate in the group school of being well, that kind of dubious wellness culture has infected society at large, whether or not you can afford to opt into it. And sometimes these wellness practices, "are downright dangerous." Take Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey for example, who tweeted that he had been, "playing with fasting for some time, regularly eating all of his daily calories at dinner and occasionally going water only for days on end. While researchers are hopeful that some types of fasts may be beneficial to people's health, plenty of tech plutocrats have embraced extreme forms of the practice as a productivity hack. On his Twitter account, Dorsey doesn't mention anything about long-term disease risk or even weight loss, which is a purported benefit of fasting that's gained the practice a lot of attention over the past several years. Instead, Dorsey focuses on how much time slows down when he hasn't eaten anything. Considering the demands of his job, it's not surprising that a longer day would be important to him. Silicon Valley is, by and large, always looking to find a way to do a little bit more work." Now, here's the thing. I'm someone who's practiced the 18:6 method of intermittent fasting for years, and it has had many benefits for me. But not eating for days and days on end until your very perception of time begins to be distorted sounds like you're just basically dying. But when the rich and famous adopt these practices, it's easy for them to become normalized in the culture. And although this does have a lot to do with our obsession with productivity in America, it also points to the idea that once people have reached such a level of physical and financial comfort, they may go to even more extreme ends to just feel something, which is probably the mark of a society that ain't doing too well. Number five is buying items without looking at the price tag. Most of us probably have had some experience with the feeling of worrying about what's in your bank account. Being worried about your balance at the checkout line in the grocery store, for example. According to the USDA, "In 2019, households in the lowest income quintile spent an average of $4,400 on food, representing 36.0% of income, while households in the highest income quintile spent an average of $13,987 on food, representing 8.0% of income." So what does this mean? The wealthy are spending much more on food overall, but it constitutes a much lower proportion of their total income, illustrating the point that they likely have to spend much less time worrying about how to budget this entirely necessary expense. According to one 2019 Gallup poll, 25% of Americans worry about money "all" or "most" of the time. And this extreme disparity between who is constantly worried about money and having enough and who is never worried about it at all, between people who have to spend an outsized portion of their income just to survive versus people who barely tap into their income in order to buy these necessities, is part of how we get that really shamy culture around our various spending habits. There are plenty of personal finance experts who will finger wag at you if, for example, your grocery spending exceeds a certain portion of your overall take-home pay without acknowledging the fact that only for a certain lucky few in the population, spending under that amount is even a possibility. Essentially, when it comes to what is considered a necessity versus a luxury, and what are the ideal portions of our income we should be spending on these things, it really just comes down to who has the money to do it. And the reason why many people don't realize the privilege in not having to worry about what an item costs is because it's one we barely talk about. Felisa Rosa Rogers, a writer who has experienced food insecurity, wrote back in April of 2020, "I'm part of a Facebook group where people are documenting their quarantine cooking. There's a sense of solidarity and camaraderie in the deprivation and in substitution. But this shared experience is very different from the quiet struggle of people who are used to going without. Income-based food insecurity doesn't usually appear on social media. People aren't humble-bragging on Instagram about having to feed the kids mayonnaise and ketchup sandwiches. Poor Americans suffer their food-based anxieties and silent shame. Number six is growing up with helicopter parents. Generally speaking, money equals opportunity, which is why we tend to associate specific extracurricular activities and hobbies, especially for children, with wealth. Think things like fencing, dressage, tennis, skiing, et cetera. But even many normal seeming extracurricular activities have become fairly exclusive. According to one study featured in Voices in Urban Education, "In 1972, roughly 61% of low-income high school seniors and 67% of their more affluent peers participated in one or more athletic extracurricular activities. A decade later, participation rates rose to about 65 and 73%, respectively. But by 1992, while 75% of upper and middle class seniors reported participating in extracurriculars, involvement among disadvantaged students dropped back to 61%. By 2004, the number for low income seniors was down to 56%. Participation in sports echoed those trends, though the falloff didn't happen until '92 when involvement rates among low-income seniors fell from 30% to 25% a decade later. We tend to make stereotypes about the millennial generation, that we were raised with hypercompetitive helicopter parents who had us involved in everything, that we became obsessed with the all-important participation trophy, that we were shuttled from activity to activity, when this is very much not a portrait of how many kids grew up, myself included. But that perception of everyone having had that shared experience of parents who were obsessed with our every move and scheduling us down to the minute obscures the extreme privilege experienced by those who actually did have that upbringing. Often, for many children, being shuttled from activity to activity was a very conscientious choice to help them get into a good college and eventually land a good job. In fact, loading up on is actually a way more popular route for rich parents than loading up on things like tutors and prep courses. And it's no surprise that in many of these extracurricular activities, you are, by nature, going to be surrounded by other kids from similar families whose parents also want to make sure they're loaded up with tons of hobbies. From one New York Times article about meritocracy in America, "the student who is captain of the sailing team, president of the robotics club, and who spent a summer building houses in the global South will likely look more 'holistically' valuable than a poorer student who has not had the resources to do similar activities. Who is more likely to be a star violin player or to have completed a summer internship at a fancy magazine: a poor student, or an affluent one? At the end of the day, we have a tendency to associate someone who grew up doing all sorts of activities as being an inherently well-rounded person, when, increasingly, that likely just means their parents were rich. Number seven is getting more things for free. When it comes to celebrities basically drowning in free stuff, it's usually, on the part of the product or service, a simple marketing calculation. Having a chic, aspirational celebrity being photographed with your product or doing your thing is going to create an enormous amount of buzz and desire around your brand that you might not otherwise be able to generate through traditional advertising means. Tale as old as time. But what about people who are rich, but not famous? In many cases, the rule is simply that the more you spend, the more you get for free. For example, perks that come with airline loyalty or credit card reward systems. I'm someone who, up until COVID, obviously, flew considerable amounts every year for various work and personal needs, and who also used both a business and a personal card that were lined up with my airline of choice, which is why-- and they're actually rolling it over through 2021 thanks to COVID-- I'm a Platinum Medallion member with Delta, and I have hundreds of thousands of SkyMiles. What does this mean in practice? That over the course of the year, I actually end up spending less on airline tickets than I used to at a different time in my life when I had a lot less money to spend up front. Why? Because, through using these rewards programs and loyalty programs, many of the tickets that I get throughout the year, or even upgrades within those tickets, are totally free to me. And it's not just with things like airline miles. Having more money can also mean paying lower fees. It is not uncommon for checking accounts to charge $10 to $15 in monthly fees but to waive this expense if you maintain a balance of at least $5,000. Only a rich person could afford to leave $5,000 earning no interest in a checking account for the sake of avoiding a $10 fee. A poor person will always have to pay the account fee because it's unlikely they'll ever have $5,000 to spare, which is assuming they even have an account, as many as 25% of Americans are completely unbanked. Basically, many of the best tips and tricks over how to save money in the long term boil down to having more money to spend in the short term. And while, yes, if you do have the disposable income, getting really good about things like rewards and miles and loyalty programs will benefit you in the long run, the extremely high startup cost for doing so is rarely acknowledged. And the fact that this is how rich people just live and do everything has made it more and more normalized for the rest of us, even though, in practice, it's absolutely not the norm. Lastly number eight is getting good job opportunities regardless of competence. And I'm not even in this point going to go into how children of wealthy families tend to land jobs through their well-connected family members, even though that is a massive thing. I'm literally just going to talk here about the inherent confidence given to you by growing up wealthy. Two professors of management and organizational behavior tested this idea in a series of four large studies with a sample size of over 150,000 people. "In one mock job interview, they found that 'higher-class individuals were more overconfident.' The overconfidence, in turn, made them appear more competent, and therefore more likely to 'attain social rank.' In other words, they were more likely to get the job. And even when people from working class backgrounds ascend the career ladder, they're often still left earning less than their more privileged counterparts in what is referred to as the 'class ceiling.'" According to a UK study from 2016, "Even when people who are from working class backgrounds are successful in entering high status occupations, they earn 17% less on average than individuals from privileged backgrounds. This class-origin pay gap translates to up to $11,000 in lower annual earnings." This is why it is so important to remember to weight for class privilege when you are thinking about things like hiring decisions. It is so easy to default to the people who went to elite schools all their life and sailed through various graduate programs and got those fancy titles and ascended to fancy companies without considering the pathway that was cleared for them to do so, and the attitude they brought into every room they walked into. Going out of your way to find people who are from those lower income backgrounds, who did have to go farther and work harder to get half of what those people did, is a good way to ensure that you're not just repeating some of these oppressive dynamics in your own life. Yes, it may take you long to fill, for example, a hiring position, but ultimately, if we want to start changing the default settings that we operate on in terms of how we perceive people, how we perceive credentials, how we perceive resumes, it can only be done at the individual level. It's one thing to talk a big talk about diversity. It's another thing to not even consider class as one of those axes of diversity. At the end of the day, although most Americans are not wealthy, the way the wealthy move through the world shapes almost everything around us, from policies to financial wisdom to expectations in job interviews. And while it can feel overwhelming to fight against some of these things, and, yes, a lot of it will have to be done at the policy level, in our own lives, we can start to correct for our underlying misconceptions, our biases, and our tendency to favor the experience of the privileged. Checking the inherent privilege around even the most basic assumptions can be a great step to making sure that we're not unwittingly recreating an oppressive class dynamic. But until next time, comrades, don't forget to hit the Like and Subscribe button, and the Join button, and to come back every Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday for new and awesome videos. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialdiet [548 likes]: The reality is that people in different income brackets have varying definitions of what is "normal". Check out this throwback video for a list of financial systems that are making American's lives so difficult: https://bit.ly/35zXPMp.
  2. @ts109 [2 likes]: Or getting ten grand to play with crypto, or getting a starter portfolio of investments. Then pretending you made it on your own.
  3. @phosda [2 likes]: you couldn't economise this down to glaring mass consciencelessness? or cheaper yet, straight up sociopathy?
  4. @tripstrickstickstips4442 [1 likes]: Rich people are playing life like it's Minecraft with keepinventory on
  5. @40Kfrog [1 likes]: The problem with rich people is that they exist. A secondary, but no less important, problem is that when you string a rich person up like a piñata and bludgeon them to death, their riches don't explode out of them like a piñata ought to.
  6. @BlGBRAlNTlME: As always it's the wealthy people demonized . . . I 've had lifelong friends fall off because how THEY felt bad that I succeeded.  It wasn't me cutting anyone out.
  7. @alfi9255: Rich people are lazy, especially the nepobabies. We, who climb the social ladder despite of them, are the true strong hard working successful people
  8. @xxprettiepistol: @11:48 it is sad that people will go through all this just to "feel something". They can try building connections or getting tattoos, imo XD
  9. @xxprettiepistol: 9:00 Here in San Diego, it is also expensive, but not as much as New York. However, we have really high food prices here, even though we are #12 in the agricultural economic sector. There are CNAs, CMAs, house cleaners, corporate office cleaners, maintenance and repair staff, airport attendant workers, shipyards, special education teachers, teachers in general, etc. who cannot afford to live in San Diego on 1 or 2 incomes. It almost seems like someone with this type of job needs to marry someone who makes 2 times their income - so as if to live on 2.5 to 3 incomes to survive. At the end of the day, NO ONE will make any money if the essential workers who keep these workspaces open and running, don't have a place to live or a job. We need low-income workers to keep the city running!
  10. @AvvieLanche: Extreme wealth is a severe mental health crisis
  11. @Oggie12345: I’m a late boomer, six months too early for Gen X. My parents from the silent generation came from poor parents and inherited nothing. My parents are pretty broke at this point and I won’t be inheriting Jack from them either. The stereotype that all Boomers inherited great wealth from their parents is a myth. Some may have, but it’s a huge generation and there are many of us who did not or will not, as in my case because my parents are still here.
  12. @scronx: "Including some of your faves" -- every few years another manslaughtering star comes to light ;(.....
  13. @abeleverson6949: The cheapest I ever paid for food was when I rented a room in Danville and shopped at the Safeway in Blackhawk. I then moved to Alameda, once again renting a room, and shopped at the Safeway in the South Shore shopping center and spent nearly 3 times as much for the same items. How is it that food is so much cheaper in a "rich" area then in lower income areas? Why are the people who could actually afford to pay more for food are actually paying less?
  14. @jgrab1: You're out of touch "with" something, not "about" something. Read more.
  15. @aMulliganStew: May the odds be ever in your favor.
  16. @janegentry2066: Knowing the difference between "want" & "need" & not to ever have to look at the price tag is a big one.  That's why people who were previously very comfortable have such a difficult time coping when their circumstances change.  Many are NOT going to survive the "zombie apocalypse".
  17. @JonathanShidler: 3:01 oh no, Matthew Broderick!
  18. @MikhaelHausgeist: I smell some communism...
  19. @jernejkurincic9050: Excellently made, kudos!
To the last point let me add: wealthy people land much better jobs, because they can afford to be unemployed and wait for "their gold opportunity" or "follow their dreams" (you could add this "following your dreams" to this list probably) - if you don't have money, you must immediately take opportunities for work or you and your family starve or become homeless; if you are rich, you can "claim your ground" by not excepting a low paid job offer - if you are poor, you often can't.
  20. @estevan753: yes

- 7 Signs Someone is Secretly Wealthy: Kind: captions Language: es-MX La mayoría de los millonarios y multimillonarios son completamente invisibles. Probablemente estén sentados junto a ti en Starbucks, y ni siquiera sabes que tienen siete, ocho o quizá hasta nueve cifras en el banco. En mi opinión, hay siete señales reveladoras que delatan si alguien es rico en secreto o no, así que si sabes qué buscar, podrás encontrarlos. Sinceramente creo que si logras adoptar algunos de sus hábitos, podría ser la clave para construir una verdadera riqueza por tu cuenta. La primera señal que vamos a ver es que la gente rica evita a toda costa hablar de las tres E. Ahora, estas tres E se refieren a ganar, a lo caro y al exceso. Por la primera E, que es ganar, nunca hablan del dinero que están ganando porque para ellos, si alguien siempre está hablando de dinero y de cuánto gana, demuestra que esa persona todavía está en la etapa de querer probar algo. Los verdaderamente ricos no tienen nada que probar porque en secreto ya saben que tienen el dinero y no hay necesidad de decírselo a nadie. La segunda E: no presumen su última compra cara. Mientras otros publican bolsas de diseñador o relojes de lujo en redes, los ricos en secreto callan sus adquisiciones. Porque si alguien habla constantemente de cuánto costó su carro, de lo caras que fueron sus vacaciones, es una clara señal de que estiraron su presupuesto para poder pagarlo y están tratando de maximizar cada dólar que gastaron obteniendo algo de fama en redes sociales o quizá contándoselo a sus amigos. Y la tercera E es que evitan vivir en exceso, al menos en cuanto a su imagen externa. La gente rica entiende que los verdaderos lujos en la vida son tener opciones, comodidad y libertad, y no tener las cosas más ostentosas. Si alguna vez te encuentras con una persona que habla de cuánto gana, cuál fue la compra más cara que ha hecho recientemente, o simplemente vive en exceso y lo presume, puedes apostar que esa persona probablemente no es rica. ¿Te crees mucho por tu Range Rover? Pues sí. Al menos yo tengo carro. ¿Tú siquiera tienes uno? Quédate aquí. ¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora? ¡¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora?! Eso pensé. Okay. Entonces, eso significa lo contrario. Los que son callados, son ricos en secreto, y creo que si puedes adoptar este tipo de actitud en tu vida, podría ayudarte a generar más riqueza. Porque la energía hipotética que gastarías en las apariencias, o en impresionar a otros, podría redirigirse a construir tu patrimonio neto real. La señal número dos de que alguien es rico en secreto: conduce un auto confiable, de cinco a más de diez años, ya pagado. No manejan autos ostentosos como BMW de alta gama, Porsches, Rolls-Royces o Lamborghinis. Eso es porque los ricos saben lo brutal de la depreciación, así que tirar quinientos a ochocientos dólares al mes en la mensualidad de un carro por algo que pierde valor cada día es un retorno de inversión muy negativo. Y si haces cuentas, podrías invertir de seis mil a nueve mil seiscientos dólares anuales en su lugar, y en diez años con rendimientos compuestos, eso bien podría valer más de cien mil. Además, un auto de cinco a más de diez años ya perdió la mayor parte de su valor por depreciación. Las curvas de depreciación de autos varían, pero se aplanan drásticamente tras cinco años. Esto significa que la mayor parte de la depreciación ya ha ocurrido, por lo que el valor se estabiliza. Si quieres ahorrar dinero en cuanto a carros, creo que tiene mucho sentido comprar un carro usado con unas treinta mil millas o quizá de tres a cinco años de uso. Ese suele ser el punto ideal entre valor y depreciación, pero si solo quieres ser una persona rica que pasa desapercibida, quizá optarías por algo más viejo. Pueden ver en esta gráfica que estos son los modelos de los carros, y el "aquí" que se indica en la gráfica es el punto de inflexión alrededor del año seis o siete, y es cuando la depreciación realmente se desacelera. Los ricos en secreto entienden que un auto es solo transporte. Prefieren ese dinero extra en inversión, evitando pagos de auto y destinándolo a activos que generen riqueza. En otras palabras, prefieren ser ricos que solo parecer ricos y al mismo tiempo deber un montón de dinero por un carro. La señal número tres de que alguien es rico en secreto es que el dinero que sí gastan lo invierten en cosas que la gente normal ni siquiera consideraría. gastan su dinero en cosas poco comunes, por ejemplo, para tener más tiempo, pueden tener un pasatiempo de coleccionables raros, o gastan dinero en pequeños lujos o comodidades de las que no te enterarías a menos que, por alguna razón, pudieras pasar veinticuatro/siete con ellos todos los días. Hablemos primero del tiempo. Una persona rica entiende que el único recurso finito en todo el mundo y en la vida es el tiempo. Por lo tanto, podrían comprar su tiempo de vuelta y están dispuestos a gastar una cantidad desproporcionada de dinero en las cosas que pueden devolverles ese tiempo. En viajes, podrían volar en privado, evitando seguridad, saliendo cuando quieran y saltándose el tedioso abordaje y desembarque. Para la comida, un chef privado les hace las compras y cocina saludable, ahorrándoles incontables horas semanales. Y las tareas del hogar, también las delegan. Para eso, seguro tienen mucha ayuda. Y en todos estos casos de ahorro de tiempo, realmente no tendrías idea de que alguien gasta dinero en estos servicios a menos que pudieras observar a esta persona por un período prolongado. La siguiente categoría de gasto en la que una persona rica podría derrochar, es en pasatiempos poco comunes o caros como coleccionar arte raro, vinos finos, recuerdos deportivos o quizá hasta tarjetas de Pokémon. En lugar de mostrar su riqueza como una persona normal, prefieren hacerlo con una apreciación por el lujo y artículos raros. Poseer algo que cientos de miles ya tienen no es lo suficientemente genial para ellos. Necesitan sentirse únicos; cuanto más raro el artículo, más codiciado. En mi opinión, es naturaleza humana. Cubiertas las necesidades básicas, los ricos ya no compiten con otros. Están tratando de diferenciarse por completo de todos los demás, y una de las formas en que lo hacen es coleccionando bienes raros o quizá comprando su tiempo de vuelta, que es su activo más... eh, valioso. Otra parte de la naturaleza humana es suscribirse a mi boletín gratuito llamado Hump Days. Ahí publicamos noticias de negocios dos veces por semana, los miércoles y domingos. Y si quieres ser rico en secreto algún día y disfrutas los videos de aquí, asegúrate de suscribirte. Es completamente gratis en la descripción de abajo. Perdón, tenía que meter el comercial sutilmente. Bueno, continuemos. La señal número cuatro de que alguien es rico en secreto, es que son conscientes de su imagen. Ya aludí un poco a esto en la primera señal, pero la gente rica entiende que, por lo general, la gente siente envidia de lo que no tiene. Incluso si tu mejor amigo está feliz por ti el noventa y nueve por ciento de las veces que tienes éxito, siempre habrá un pequeño pensamiento en su mente, quizá en el fondo, de "¿Cómo sería si mi vida fuera como la de ellos?" o "¿Por qué no pude ser yo?". Esa es la naturaleza humana. Así que, para no incomodar a nadie, evitan hablar de cualquier cosa que pueda llevar a alguien a entender, por deducción, cuánto dinero podrían tener o cuán exitosos son. Si le preguntas a una persona rica cuál es su patrimonio neto, es probable que diga alguna frase como: "Me ha ido bastante bien", o "Ahí la llevo", o quizá, "Ciertamente no soy la persona más rica que conozco". Nick, no puedes pagarlo. ¿Tu familia es realmente rica? Cómodamente. Eso es exactamente lo que diría una persona súper rica. Y de hecho, esta es una historia real que me pasó. Estaba comiendo con un individuo que vale más de nueve cifras, o sea, al menos cien millones de dólares de patrimonio neto. Y cuando hablaba de sus amigos en la comida, todos multimillonarios, soltó algo en la conversación muy casualmente. Fue algo como: "Soy pobre en comparación con todos mis amigos". Para mí, fue una locura escuchar eso porque me demostró que a medida que subes en la escalera de la riqueza, siempre habrá alguien más rico con quien compararte. Digo, eso es cierto para casi todos en el mundo a menos que seas Elon Musk, claro pero sigue siendo una locura pensar que alguien en el Top 400 de Forbes, por ejemplo, todavía podría compararse con personas que están más arriba en la lista. La comparación está tan arraigada en la naturaleza humana. Estaría dispuesto a apostar que hay al menos una persona en la lista del Top 400 de Forbes que piensa que no es lo suficientemente rica, aunque racionalmente, están perfectamente bien. La gente rica quiere ser cuidadosa con su imagen externa también por razones de seguridad. Si son constantemente ostentosos, o le dicen a la gente cuál es su patrimonio neto, solo están atrayendo atención negativa y resentimiento de otros, lo que podría comprometer su seguridad. La quinta señal de que una persona es rica en secreto es que hace preguntas detalladas sobre compras de menos de cien dólares, pero no pestañea ante gastos grandes y necesarios. Esto es bastante común. Podrías encontrar a una persona rica pasando de veinte a treinta minutos investigando la mejor batería portátil de veinte dólares en Amazon. Leen reseñas, se clavan viendo videos de YouTube, pero de repente, los verás soltar quince mil dólares en un techo nuevo sin pestañear. La diferencia es que la compra de la batería portátil es un gusto, mientras que el techo era una necesidad. Probablemente hay quince opciones diferentes de baterías portátiles que hacen lo mismo, así que la persona rica se toma su tiempo para encontrar el mejor valor por su dinero. El reemplazo del techo de quince mil dólares, por otro lado, es una necesidad, y especialmente si el reemplazo es urgente, simplemente gastarán el dinero para acelerar esa reparación. Personalmente, creo que esto es más un hábito arraigado de alguien que se hizo rico por su propio esfuerzo. Este pequeño hábito de no gastar de más en compras pequeñas a lo largo del año puede sumar un gran ahorro en el transcurso de trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Sin embargo, la gente rica entiende que los grandes gastos necesarios ocurrirán, y cuando esas cosas surgen, tienen que actuar rápida y decisivamente. La señal número seis de que alguien es rico en secreto: ha dominado la espera. Mientras los demás compran cosas al instante, la gente rica investigará una compra por meses, esperará la oferta perfecta o, a veces, decidirá que no necesita ese artículo. También entienden que la mayoría de las ofertas no son reales. Y si esperas lo suficiente, casi todo se pone en liquidación. Si te pones a pensar en lo que es una oferta, es literalmente un descuento inventado basado en un número inventado. ¿Y quién establece ese número? Generalmente es el proveedor o el vendedor de dicho artículo. Una persona rica en secreto podría ser muy frugal y orientada al valor, no le importará esperar, especialmente si eso significa obtener algo que realmente ama, en lugar de algo con lo que solo está conforme. Entonces, una buena lección aquí es que si estás pensando en una compra grande, esperes al menos de siete a treinta días, realmente tienes que hacer una pausa y preguntarte si de verdad seguirás queriendo ese artículo, digamos, dentro de un mes. Y quizá podrías pensar en artículos sustitutos que cumplan el mismo propósito y que no te cuesten un dineral. Esto es solo gratificación postergada, el concepto clave para volverte muy, muy rico más adelante en la vida. A veces, debes renunciar a lo que quieres ahora por una vida financiera más sólida y un mejor futuro. La mayoría no puede postergar la gratificación ni veinticuatro horas, mucho menos cinco o diez años, una disciplina clave para la riqueza. Los ricos en secreto son muy pacientes, esperan no solo ofertas, sino también otras cosas importantes en la vida. La señal número siete: viven en una casa modesta, muy por debajo de su capacidad de pago. Mientras la mayoría se estira con hipotecas apenas pagables, los ricos en secreto hacen lo opuesto. Viven en casas que parecen casi demasiado pequeñas o modestas para alguien con su nivel de ingresos, o simplemente son dueños de su casa y nunca te darían a entender que viven sin hipoteca. Si te compras una casa grande y lujosa que apenas puedes pagar, no solo tendrás más metros cuadrados que decorar, sino que probablemente necesitarás limpiadores, jardineros, y si tienes alberca, un alberquero. Y una vez que tienes una casa grande, no querrás una más pequeña. Tendrás la expectativa de mantener las apariencias para vecinos, amigos y familiares, lo que implica gastar más dinero para mantener tu estilo de vida. Hay muchos niveles de riqueza. Si el objetivo es vivir tu vida más plena, serás más feliz, en mi opinión, si simplemente te mantienes callado. Compartí este tuit en un video anterior, pero creo que resume muy bien los diferentes niveles de riqueza. Brandon Turner (Twitter/X) dice que hay tres niveles de riqueza. Nivel uno: cortas tu césped porque no tienes dinero. Nivel dos: pagas a alguien porque tienes algo de dinero y valoras tu tiempo. Nivel tres: cortas tu césped porque, ya retirado, tienes tanta libertad y tiempo que quieres hacerlo tú mismo, por puro placer. Esto es muy acertado, pues la persona en el nivel tres es probablemente la más rica, disfrutando su vida y cortando su césped por el simple gusto de hacerlo. ¡Gracias por ver el video! Suscríbanse a Hump Days si no lo han hecho. Si les interesa mi próximo video sobre cómo llegar al uno por ciento superior, tengo consejos geniales... ahí. Querrán verlo aquí. Los veo en ese video, o en otro. Gracias por acompañarme. Paz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JackAnthony-r4s [59 likes]: Unfortunately, not all of us were financially literate early in life. I was 45 when I finally took the time to educate myself and start making real changes. At that point, I was $97,000 in debt with zero savings or retirement. Fast forward just two years, I'm now completely debt-free with a net worth of over $3M.That may not sound like a huge number to some, but to me, it's something I'm incredibly proud of. I'm currently fast-tracking my wealth-building journey, already investing $550,000 and owing absolutely nothing to anyone.Since I joined this channel three year ago, my mindset and financial habits have transformed. It's a good feeling. May God continue to bless you.
  2. @GaryHalbert-g2w [19 likes]: Thank you for the video, these last days i was so nervous think about the inflation and crisis, im so glad i managed to find a way to make some profit out of this situation, for public utility, the video that teached me is public and is named “How to Profit in the Financial Crisis by Michael Thompson”  🚀
  3. @deelehey2827 [1 likes]: Wine collections?   What a waste of money.  All alcohol is bad for your health.
  4. @alexandermathews3601: I AM a millionaire and I always tried to hide but people always find out
  5. @patriciayohn6136: Very good video!
  6. @CruelTurk: im not wealthy but i do all these things
  7. @AlfaRomeo2024: My wife and I were both lucky to have a good financial education early in life. I guess I took it for granted everyone did. Our jobs were not high status jobs so it’s always amusing when people talk down to us like we were broke when we are very well off. 😂. We just let them think that. There is nothing to be gained by letting people know you are wealthy other than ego.
  8. @chiefkev: True wealth isn't in things or trips or services.  It is the recognition and gratitude for those things of which we are sufficiently supplied, and healthy enough to enjoy life and share with love ones.  Gratitude for what we have already is key to true wealth.
  9. @gavinlim3143: Some people are wealthy enough to enjoy the better things in life. Why not buy a bmw or a cartier when it makes the person happy? I actually feel bad for super wealthy people but don't really spend to enjoy their hard work. We don't build wealth just to see more zeros in our bank account. We build wealth to give us better and happier lives.
  10. @LineaDea: Daddy, Janjan and Mommy.
  11. @gelaende: I like all my friends to be much richer than me. if I am the richest: who will they turn to when they have a financial problem? When I am the poorest: I have all my friends that I can ask for help.
  12. @bdk5259: i dont know about the car chapter. Most wealthy people are collectors or just car enthusiats so they do spend money on those vehicles
  13. @thedoor5442: They wouldn't be getting coffee at Starbux they would be at McDonalds!
  14. @Pidalin: I had a possibility to know family of the richest Czech person Petr Kellner (he died few years ago in a helicopter accident) and it's exactly as you say - all people around him using standard stuff, not fancy things, buying things in sales, wearing ordinary cloths, using ordinary cars, keeping their privacy properly, not showing what they have openly. You realize how rich they are after you visit some of their secret places where they have a giant pool under the house, but you don't see it from outside. 😀
On other hand, I knew many fake rich people who were buying overpriced nonsenses just to show you they can afford it. This lesson from Kellner's family gave me an important lesson about how rich people behave and what they show on public and what they keep private. You see their ordinary car, but you don't see that future president candidats are visiting them for a coffee. 😀
Their privacy security was that brutal that not even Google knows who his brothers are, their names etc...I know, but I never told anyone because I respect their privacy.
  15. @deelehey2827: I brag about how little I pay for items.  😁😂🤣😜
  16. @TomScott__: I cut my own grass. 😉
  17. @terryheaton31: Giving children an allowance is a great way to teach delayed gratification.
  18. @99tonnes: You don't need to be "wealthy" to want to cut your own grass - or indeed to be happy. You just need to have enough, and that's not much (leaving aside the US healthcare system). Chasing wealth is chasing rainbows. Cut out stupid desires like prestige labels, make enough to feed and shelter yourself and your family if applicable, and to do the things you actually like doing, forget about the Joneses, and - as Humphrey regularly says - maximise your one non-renewable, time. Fill that with whatever it is you like - it won't be driving a Lamborghini to the Taj Mahal if you have any sense.
  19. @twackingrecordings69: It’s true about hobbies or objects that are unique . People like Oneida kinds or specific things made just for them
  20. @petergerard7143: For me, marketing is seductive and I am eminently seducibal

- How Wealth Inequality Spiraled Out of Control | Robert Reich: Kind: captions Language: en Elon Musk's wealth has surpassed $200&nbsp; billion. It would take the median U.S. worker OVER 4 MILLION YEARS to make that much. Wealth inequality is eating this country alive. We’re now in America’s second Gilded Age, just like the late 19th century when a handful&nbsp; of robber barons monopolized the economy kept wages down, and bribed lawmakers. While today’s robber barons take joy rides&nbsp; into space, the distance between their gargantuan wealth and the financial struggles&nbsp; of working Americans has never been clearer. During the first 19 months of the&nbsp; pandemic, U.S. billionaires added $2.1 TRILLION dollars to their collective wealth. And the rich have enough political power&nbsp;&nbsp; to cut their taxes to almost nothing&nbsp; — sometimes literally nothing. In fact, Jeff Bezos paid no federal&nbsp; income taxes in 2007 or in 2011. By 2018, the 400 richest Americans paid a&nbsp; lower overall tax rate than almost anyone else. But we can't solve this problem unless we&nbsp; know how it was created in the first place. Let’s start with the basics. Wealth inequality in America is&nbsp; far larger than income inequality. "Income" is what you earn each week or month or&nbsp; year. "Wealth" refers to the sum total of your assets — your car, home, art — anything else you own that’s valuable. Valuable not only because there’s&nbsp; a market for it — a price other people are willing to pay to buy it — but because wealth itself grows. As the population expands and the&nbsp; nation becomes more productive, the overall economy continues to expand. This&nbsp; expansion pushes up the values of stocks, bonds, rental property,&nbsp; homes, and most other assets. Of course recessions and occasional depressions&nbsp; can reduce the value of such assets. But over the long haul, the value&nbsp; of almost all wealth INCREASES. Next: personal wealth comes from two sources. The first source is the income you earn&nbsp; but don’t spend. That’s your savings. When you invest those savings in stocks,&nbsp; bonds, or real property or other assets, you create your personal wealth, which, as we’ve seen, grows over time. The second source of personal wealth is whatever&nbsp; is handed down to you from your parents, grandparents, and maybe even generations&nbsp; before them — in other words, what you INHERIT. The wealth gap between the richest&nbsp; Americans and everyone else is staggering. In the 1970s, the wealthiest 1% owned about&nbsp; 20% of the nation’s total household wealth. Now, they own OVER 35%. Much of their gains over the last 40 years have come from a dramatic&nbsp; increase in the value of shares of stock. For example, if someone invested $1,000 in 1978 in&nbsp; a broad index of stocks — say, the S&P 500 — they would have $31,823 today, adjusted for inflation. Who's benefited from this surge? The richest 1%, who now own&nbsp; HALF of the entire stock market. But the typical worker’s wages have&nbsp; barely grown. Most Americans haven’t earned nearly enough to save anything. Before the pandemic, when the economy appeared to be doing well, almost 80% were living paycheck to paycheck. So as income inequality has widened, the&nbsp; amount that the few high-earning households save — their wealth — has continued to grow. Their growing wealth has allowed them to pass on more and more wealth to their heirs.&nbsp; Take, for example, the Waltons — the family behind the Walmart empire — which has&nbsp;seven heirs on the Forbes billionaires list. Their children, and other rich&nbsp; millennials, will soon consolidate even more of the nation’s wealth. America is&nbsp; now on the cusp of the largest intergenerational transfer of wealth in history.&nbsp; As wealthy boomers pass on, somewhere between $30 to $70 TRILLION will go&nbsp; to their children over the next three decades. These children will be able to&nbsp; live off of this wealth, and then leave the bulk of it — which will continue&nbsp; growing — to their own children … tax-free. After a few generations of this,&nbsp; almost all of America’s wealth could be in the hands of a few thousand families. Concentrated wealth is already&nbsp; endangering our democracy. Wealth doesn’t just beget more&nbsp; wealth — it begets more POWER. Dynastic wealth concentrates power into&nbsp; the hands of fewer and fewer people, who can choose what nonprofits and charities&nbsp; to support, and which politicians to bankroll. This gives an unelected elite enormous sway&nbsp; over both our economy and our democracy. We might come to resemble the kind of dynasties&nbsp; common to European aristocracies in the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centuries. Dynastic wealth makes a mockery of the idea that America is a meritocracy, where anyone can&nbsp; make it on the basis of their own efforts.&nbsp; It also runs counter to the basic economic ideas&nbsp; that people earn what they’re worth in the market,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that economic gains should go to those who deserve them. Finally, wealth concentration magnifies gender and&nbsp; race disparities because women and people of color tend to make less, save less, and inherit less. The typical single woman owns only 32 cents of&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth for every dollar of wealth owned by a&nbsp;man. The pandemic likely increased this gap.&nbsp; The racial wealth gap is even&nbsp; starker. The typical Black household&nbsp;&nbsp; owns just 13 cents of wealth for every dollar&nbsp; of wealth owned by the typical white household.&nbsp;&nbsp; The pandemic likely increased this gap, too. In all these ways, dynastic wealth creates a&nbsp;&nbsp; self-perpetuating aristocracy that runs&nbsp; counter to the ideals we claim to live by. The last time America faced anything&nbsp; comparable to the concentration of wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; we face today was at the turn of the 20th century.&nbsp; That was when President Teddy Roosevelt warned&nbsp; that “a small class of enormously wealthy and&nbsp;&nbsp; economically powerful men, whose chief&nbsp; object is to hold and increase their power,”&nbsp;&nbsp; could destroy American democracy. Roosevelt’s answer then was to tax wealth. Congress enacted two kinds of wealth&nbsp;taxes. The first, in 1916, was the estate&nbsp;&nbsp;tax — a tax on the wealth someone has&nbsp; accumulated during their lifetime,&nbsp;&nbsp; paid by the heirs who inherit that wealth. The second tax on wealth, enacted in 1922, was a capital gains tax — a tax on the increased&nbsp; value of those assets, paid when those assets are sold. But both of these wealth taxes have shrunk&nbsp; since then, or become so riddled with loopholes&nbsp;&nbsp; that they haven’t been able to prevent a&nbsp; new American aristocracy from emerging.&nbsp; The Trump Republican tax cut enabled individuals&nbsp; to exclude $11.18 million from their estate taxes.&nbsp;&nbsp; That means ONE COUPLE can pass on more&nbsp; than $22 million to their kids tax-free. Not to mention the very rich often find ways&nbsp; around this tax entirely. As Trump’s former White&nbsp;&nbsp; House National Economic Council director Gary&nbsp;Cohn put it, “Only morons pay the estate tax.” What about capital gains on the soaring&nbsp; values of wealthy people’s stocks,&nbsp;&nbsp; bonds, mansions, and works of art? Here, the biggest loophole is something called the&nbsp;&nbsp; stepped-up basis. If the wealthy hold on to their&nbsp; assets until they die, their heirs inherit them without paying any capital gains taxes whatsoever. All the increased value of those assets is simply erased, for tax purposes. This loophole&nbsp; saves heirs an estimated $40 billion a year. This means that huge accumulations of wealth&nbsp; in the hands of a relatively few households can be passed from generation to generation&nbsp; untaxed — growing along the way — generating comfortable incomes for rich descendants who&nbsp; will never have to work a day of their lives. That’s the dynastic class&nbsp; we’re creating right now. Why have these two wealth taxes eroded?&nbsp; Because, as America’s wealth has concentrated in fewer and fewer hands, the wealthy have more&nbsp; capacity to donate to political campaigns and public relations — and they’ve used that&nbsp; political power to reduce their taxes. It’s exactly what Teddy Roosevelt&nbsp; feared so many years ago. So what do we do? Follow the wisdom of Teddy&nbsp; Roosevelt and tax great accumulations of wealth.&nbsp; The ultra-rich have benefited from the American&nbsp; system — from laws that protect their wealth,&nbsp;&nbsp; and our economy that enabled them to&nbsp; build their fortunes in the first place.&nbsp;&nbsp; The majority of Americans, both&nbsp;&nbsp; Democrats and Republicans, believe the&nbsp; ultra-rich should pay higher taxes.&nbsp; There are many ways to make them do so:&nbsp;&nbsp; Closing the stepped up basis loophole, raising&nbsp; the capital gains tax, and fully funding the Internal Revenue Service so it can properly&nbsp; audit the wealthiest taxpayers, for starters. Beyond those fixes, we need a new wealth&nbsp; tax: a tax of just 2% a year on wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; in excess of $1 million. That’s hardly a drop in the bucket for&nbsp;&nbsp; centi-billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk,&nbsp; but it would generate plenty of revenue to invest in&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare and education so that millions&nbsp; of Americans have a fair shot at making it. One of the most important things you as an&nbsp; individual can do is take the time to understand the realities of wealth inequality in America&nbsp; and how the system has become rigged in favor of&nbsp;&nbsp; those at the top — and demand your political&nbsp; representatives take action to unrig it.&nbsp; Wealth inequality is worse&nbsp; than it has been in a century.&nbsp; We have to stop this vicious cycle — and demand an&nbsp; economy that works for the many, not one that&nbsp;&nbsp; concentrates more and more wealth&nbsp; in the hands of a privileged few.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zhcultivator [1 likes]: 8:11, a location value tax or land value tax would be better...
  2. @Karlcbr1000 [1 likes]: Robert lies repeatedly about wealth inequality and taxes
  3. @numberthree267: The upper 10% paid 72% of taxes.  The lower 50% paid 3%.  Shut the F up you Marxist shill.
  4. @twoinvestorsonedollar: Always support small business
  5. @danielmc_br: "Ultrariches dont pay taxes"

Solution:

"Tax the middle class"
  6. @jerryrex8512: The problem is that if a wealth tax were implemented, wealthy individuals might move their capital to other countries to avoid paying taxes. At the same time, we still need that capital. We don’t yet have a plan to address this issue at its root, but if there were an effective solution, it could help resolve the problem.
  7. @BelindaSalvado: Robert Reich is also very wealthy so who is he to talk take his money also
  8. @LearnAboutBit: When the money is consistently losing value (supply and demand), those with assets are able to accumulate wealth while those without assets watch their money lose value and struggle to get by. Fix the money, fix the problem.
  9. @AnthonyTowler: Change only happens when you demand it...remove money politics and kick lobbyists out of Washington..that's a start
  10. @saylortusk8489: Leave unequal wealth in place and soon enough all capital will accumulate into just a few hands who will then buy the state machinery and wear it like a glove, defying for all time any attempts at regulation or control.  You can't have just a little bit of capitalism any more than you can chew just a little bit of cyanide. #Capitalism is fatal.
  11. @ehams9527: The system is f*ed up
  12. @SaucinDaucin: Who is here in 2026 where it’s even worse now?
  13. @fredsimpson6632: While working for big corporation in electronics engineering, found that my unique circuit design could be patented. Thought I could get big bonus and presented it to management. My idea got me one dollar. For signing away all my rights to my idea. What a crappy deal....
  14. @regoparkview: Well, of course, as the author of the Polity of Beasts pointed out, "Part of the solution to increasing poverty is to import millions of more poor people.  What could be more logical?"
  15. @arisaarias: Epstein would’ve been caught earlier
  16. @agler35: The politicians are all uber-wealthy despite modest incomes.  Yeah, they’re looking out for us.  Clown show.
  17. @ab.7272: meritocracy isn't the answer either, since by trust logic a handicapped person should live in the dirt, while high-performing psychopaths doing serious harm to society live in megamansions...
  18. @davidwilks4123: This guy is clueless, he uses an example of a person like the Nazi Musk, whose wealth is tied up in equity like it is actual cash he can go to a bank and access? News flash noob, he will never have access to even a 1/10th of that money, because if he were to sell out of his stocks they would crash his own companies and he would lose his controlling interest.

I swear any idiot can make a youtube channel these days.
  19. @johndoe-b6u3d: It's the bad government spending. The government already taxes a lot, and middle America (the majority) feels it the most, yet middle America reaps none of the benefits from it. No universal healthcare, bad public schools, bad public transportation, understaffed public safety professionals, etc. 

 "Why would we tax the rich more?  when that would only increase cost of goods, and I would receive none of the benefits from it."
 
If we fixed government spending, way more people would be open to the idea of taxing the rich. There's no more trust in the government.
  20. @PhilipHood-du1wk: Elon Musk built an electric car company and a giant rocket company among others.  Robert Reich spews BS on YouTube.

- Levels of Wealth: Inside The Secret Lives of The Ultra-Rich: Kind: captions Language: en-GB If you earned $1 per second. Then to make 1 million dollars would take you about 11 and a half days. But to make 1 billion dollars, would take you over 31 and a half years. You see, it’s easy to think of wealth in terms of rich or poor, but broadly speaking, there are arguably 5 different levels of rich, and at each level, things change very drastically. The difference between what a millionaire can do, and a billionaire can do, is simply staggering. In this video we’ll be exploring what life is like at each of these different wealth levels, and delving into how the ultra-rich spend their money, including some of their most bizarre and extravagant purchases. But, as you’re watching, you’ll realise that one of the biggest changes that happens at each wealth level, is perspective. Because prices feel relative to how much you earn. So if you compare someone whose earning $40,000 a year with someone earning 400 million a year, it’s 10,000 times more. Which means: A lambo that costs $300,000, to them is the equivalent of spending $30. A $10 million piece of art? Feels like $1,000. A $50 million home in the Hamptons? Feels like $5,000. So whilst to us those purchases would feel so major, to a billionaire, it’s not even something they need to think about. And of course, when you’re that wealthy, it’s not just items and experiences you can buy. But we’ll get to that. Let’s instead start off, with the first level of rich: The Top 1% Even though this phrase is synonymous with being extremely rich, if your income is over about $200,000 a year, you would technically be part of the top 1% of worldwide earners. And so being in the top 1% may not make you feel quite as rich as you think. Because sure, you can typically afford a nice house and car, but with those things comes higher costs, and so you probably don’t feel very financially secure, and you’re likely still working a full time job. Which is why beyond this level, wealth starts being measured in net worth rather than income, as the more wealth you have, the more assets you have, and you’re probably not making your money from a salary. So the next level of rich is a Net Worth of $10 Million - $30 Million At this level, your needs are met. You can live very comfortably. You have a really nice house. You often fly first class internationally. If it’s a special occasion, you might book a $2,000 suite. You can afford any healthcare you need, and in fact no emergency financial situation can destroy your life. But you are still not "rich" in the way that money doesn't matter. You still have to be sensible and careful with big decisions. And in the banking world, you’re still not classified as ultra high net worth'. Which brings us to out next level: Net Worth of $30 Million - $100 Million At this point, you start playing in the big leagues. And most likely you run or have a controlling interest in a very large company. You always stay at 5 star hotels, and you have multiple residences all around the world you can stay at as well. You take holidays during prime time, for example going to Monaco for the Grand Prix, or Cannes for the film festival. And you won’t bat an eyelid when the place you’re staying at costs $10-$20,000 per NIGHT. You have personal assistants, and are starting to have ‘people’ that others have to talk to to get to you. You can buy pretty much anything that normal people think of as ‘stuff rich people buy. Like you can get any cars you want, the fanciest jewellery, and so on. Instead of flying first class, you fly private. Although you’d typically charter a flight or own a private jet fractionally through a service like Net Jets, instead of buying it outright and having to maintain it. But at this level, your social circle changes dramatically too. You probably socialize with Congressmen, Senators and community leaders. You are likely very well respected within some very high class circles. Interestingly though, since you’re likely surrounded by other ultra wealthy people, you may still feel you don’t have enough. Sure, you may have just bought a new Ferrari, but your friend has a limited edition version where only five of them were ever made. Sure, you just had dinner with a local governor, but your billionaire friend just had dinner with the President. Which brings us to our next level of wealth: Net Worth of $100 Million - $1 Billion To be at this level, you likely have ownership or control of a business that most of the public have heard of, even if they haven’t heard of you directly. At this point, you can likely socialize with movie stars, rock stars, and the corporate elite. You can go pretty much anywhere you want, and always in style. You have multiple residences with staff, all over the world, with elite cars at every residence. If it’s your thing, you might have a private island. And of course a private yacht to get you there. Almost any experience you can dream up, you can have. Want to play tennis with your favourite tennis star? Call his people. For a donation of 100k+ to his charity, you can probably play a match with him. Want your favourite band to come and play at your private party? For the right price, they will. Love art? Your people could arrange for the curator of the Louvre to show you around and show you some masterpieces they haven’t exhibited in years. If you can dream an experience up, you can likely have it - donations and fees can get you to anyone. Once you have many hundreds of millions of dollars, it’s the same when buying things - you may hire people to find you the most extravagant versions of items possible. For example, the Australian company Toilet Paper Man produces 22-carat gold toilet paper, for a cost of over 1.3 million. And if you are going to quite literally flush money down the toilet, why not get a gold toilet or entire gold bathroom to go with it? In fact, if you’re ultra-wealthy, you can literally have gold everything. How about a 24 karat gold water bottle, which in itself is a piece of designer art, and comes with spring water from France and Fiji, combined with glacier water from iceland. Or alternatively, how about the world’s most expensive iPhone has 24 carat gold casing, and more than 600 white and black diamonds, and sapphire glass for the screen. This certainly isn’t available to the public, and to buy one you’d need over 15 million dollars. At this level, it’s not just about buying the fanciest most luxurious items, it’s about getting the rarest and most exclusive things you possibly can. You could get a limited edition pen, that costs $160,000, has 4,810 diamonds inside, and only 8 are made each year. Or if you want to go a lot bigger than that, many billionaires turn to art. Not just rare paintings, but things like this dead shark art piece created by Damien Hurst that sold for $12 million dollars. Or let’s say you like piano? Well, here’s the same crystal piano that was used for the Beijing Olympic Games. It was purchased at auction by a private bidder for a record $3.22 million U.S. dollars! Your mind is the only real limit to what is available. But Our final level, $1 Billion Net Worth and Above. Before we get into what you can do as a billionaire - which is pretty insane - it’s worth noting that the number of billionaires on Forbes' annual rich list has significantly increased in recent years, and there’s now around 2,755 known billionaires. Of course, it’s possible there are more who have generational wealth that simply do a good job of staying very very private. Either way, Forbes estimated these 2,755 billionaires are worth a combined $13.1 trillion, and therefore have more wealth between them than the poorest 5 billion people on earth combined. In fact, Oxfam have argued that the very richest 26 billionaires have more wealth between them than the poorest 50% of the entire world. These statistics are overwhelming, but let’s actually visualise it to put things in perspective. This rice example really highlights that even within this billionaire category, the difference between 1 billion and the kind of wealth Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk has, is insanely vast. I’m a big fan of James Jani’s YouTube channel, and he also did a great job of visualising the difference between these large sums of money in a different way: So, now that we’ve got a better idea of the scale of a billion dollars, let’s look at what you can do with it. Because essentially, you can buy anything. And I do mean, anything. We’re no longer just talking about luxurious items and experiences. Firstly, you can buy access. You can ask your staff to contact almost anyone on the planet and get a call back. It’s amazing the level of access and respect a billion can get you, where within an hour you could ask your people to get in touch with someone, and they’d be able to do it. It’s not just celebrities either, it works the same with powerful people within politics too - especially because the billionaire may well be a donor to their political party. And so, if you’re a billionaire you may occasionally meet with heads-of-states and have conversations with them. Which brings us to the second thing a billion dollars can buy: Influence. As a billionaire, you have many ways to shape public policy and the public debate. This isn’t always done in some kind of evil way, like lobbying for lower taxes for rich people (although that obviously does happen). But because of your wealth and connections, you can absolutely influence big changes in the world, and not just on a political level. Because Another thing you can buy is IMPACT, through philanthropy and charity. Your money can literally change countless lives. The question is, how do you distribute it? Clean water for villages? Fund new hospitals? Try to save a dying species of animal? With money, you can impact almost anything of your choice. But one of the biggest differences with billionaires that is often overlooked, is the ability to essentially buy time. You quite literally don’t have wait for anything. No lines. No sitting around. Just think about it: You’ve got your own private jet, so you just show up at the airport whenever you want, sit down in the plane and 2 minutes later you’re in the sky and can go where you wish. When you arrive, a driver will have been arranged to pick you up and take you wherever you want to go. Your assistant will have already got you the best table at the restaurant you mentioned wanting to eat at. Or maybe your assistant arranged for a celebrity chef to come to one of your vacation homes instead, at whatever time you choose. However… believe it or not, there are some downsides to being this ultra wealthy. Firstly, it’s nearly impossible to have normal emotional relationships at this level. It can become increasingly difficult to have friends and family that love you for who you are. They exist, but it is pretty hard to know which ones they are. Because, your world is likely filled with yes men, and people looking to take advantage at every opportunity. Your trust and connections with people are undoubtedly considerably weakened. Dating also becomes an odd experience. On the one hand, some of the world’s most beautiful and intelligent women are all around you at parties and events, but again, finding someone you have a genuine emotional connection with is a different story… especially because you’re time is so valuable that you’re always busy and unable to invest in making deep connections with new people. And even if you do find someone, the relationship balanced is skewed in a strange way when you have essentially unlimited money - no matter whether you pay for everything or whether your partner makes their own money, either way something feels off. And finally, and most crucially, no level of money can give you everything. Death is the great equalizer, and losing loved ones, and losing your own health and facing your own mortality, are problems that no amount of money can solve. The reddit poster who inspired this video and deserves full credit, talks about how he met Sylvester Stallone at a party, who has obviously had a very successful career. He said he was such a great guy, had huge levels of wealth and luxury, a smart and beautiful wife. And yet, he also had a special needs son who died young. In his words, Nobody has it all. Nobody. In fact, if you were watching this video and feeling poor, I think it’s worth re-thinking. Because in this video we’ve looked at several levels of wealth, but the fact you are watching this means you are nowhere close to bottom of the total wealth pyramid. It’s easy to look up and feel frustrated that some people have so much more than us, but just look down the wealth pyramid for a moment. If you have internet access to watch this, plus some food in the fridge, clothes on your back, a roof over your head and a place to sleep… … then you are richer than 75 per cent of this world. In fact, even if you have $1 to your name right now, you are still richer than the majority of the world who are either in debt, or have absolutely nothing. What this video really highlights is that rich vs poor is so arbitrary. It’s not two groups, there are many many levels. And compared to most of the world, you might well be a lot richer than you think… If you enjoyed this video, please make sure you subscribe and turn on notifications for some future mini-documentaries that are on the way. Thank you for watching to the end, you are a legend, and I’ll see you next time. Cheers!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MagnatesMedia [71 likes]: Wanna see how I grew this YouTube channel from 0 to 1,500,000+ subscribers & a 7 figure business?...

Honestly, anyone can do what I’ve done. You just need the right system to follow so you understand how the game of YouTube really works. 

So if you want to make money creating cool videos about whatever you're interested in... check out https://magnatesmedia.com (you don't even have to be on camera or show your face!)

I will personally help you with your channel and teach you everything I spent years learning. Hope to see you inside the group soon. 

Cheers! (Just click the link above to get started now) :)
  2. @FinancialChroniclesTV: Earning massive money privately is the best tricks
  3. @everettcolby8976: If you have Jesus, you have all that you need.
  4. @manyfaces637: At the end of the day, I realized I need God. Because no amount of earthly riches will completely satisfy me.  But I wonder can you be the richest in today world and still be completely loyal to God.
  5. @AIMINE21: Broo you are super genius
  6. @Ananant369: Watched earlier
  7. @srmuhibbuddin6245: Luar biasa
  8. @247Empowerment: Really eye-opening perspective on how wealth actually works behind the scenes 💰
  9. @BrandStoryLab: Rate this video from 1–10 👇
  10. @princecharming8125: All I see is just expensive useless shit.
  11. @700Bearings.78: Some of the purchases made by these folks would be better spent helping out some blue collar men and women get started on their own financial journey… instead of buy stupid pens with shiny rocks embedded in them….
  12. @rrmedia_founderorigin: Really inspiring content
  13. @RedondoBeachCali: I wanna buy Tennga
  14. @igorbazhenov1115: I work from paycheck to paycheck and I didn't want to be Ultra rich for One thing - what we are have ---they will not gonna be able to get .
  15. @PDCCapitalCO: The biggest difference between wealthy people and everyone else often isn’t income.

It’s how decisions are made with money after it’s earned.
  16. @Tobytobers1: I think ultra rich people are mentally ill.
  17. @thembinkosihoward7182: The last minute was really inspiring
  18. @troyhayder6986: They only seem rich...but they just shift debt around...most of them are vastly poorer than me...cause I have barely any debt...less than five grand...poverty line millionaires...but the debt has to be collected eventually??? Why do you get to live like that??? If I live in council flats???
  19. @TheMarketAutopsyHQ: Ability of wealth to buy time is my favorite part. You don't have to wait nor queue to get things done.

Mainly because everything necessary are been taken care of with money.
  20. @Onomeson: MKBHD 💯💯💯

- "I Got Rich When I Understood This" | Jeff Bezos: Kind: captions Language: en I was working at a financial firm in New York City with a bunch of very smart people and I had a brilliant boss I much admired I went to my boss and told him I was going to start a company selling books on the internet he took me on a long walk in Central Park listened carefully to me and finally said that sounds like a really good idea but it would be an even better idea for someone who didn't already have a good job you can have a job or you can have a career or you can have a calling and if you can somehow figure out how to have a calling you have hit the jackpot cuz that's the big deal I met Jeff basos 25 years ago and he told me Dave I want you to invest in my company what are you doing I'm going to start a bookstore in my garage okay I'm going to put it online people buy buy online and I'm a ship out of my garage but but if you invest in me Dave someday I'm going to be the richest man in the world I'll do over $100 billion first of all there is no such thing as a100 billion 25 years ago statistically there's no such thing countries didn't have 100 our national debt wasn't $100 billion and this dude's telling me at 26 years old that he's going to be the richest man in the world cuz he has a garage and the internet that was his truth do that no but he did not he did not know it and neither did I but the difference between him and I is I was laughing scoffing and jesting at him and he was already applauding himself going at the right way at the perfect time I'm going to make as much as I can as quickly and I'm sitting there going there's no way this is going to be a big business do something you're very passionate about and don't try to chase what is kind of the hot Passion of the day seen in that light it really was a difficult choice but ultimately I decided I had to give it a shot I didn't think I'd regret trying and failing and I suspected I would always be haunted by a decision to not try at all after much consideration I took the less safe path to follow my passion and I'm proud of that choice as a young boy I had been a garage inventor I'd invented an automatic gate closer out of cement filed tires a solar cooker that didn't work very well out of an umbrella and aluminum foil baking pan alarms to entrap my siblings I'd always wanted to be an inventor and she wanted me to follow my passion was a mil military phrase that I especially love and it says slow is smooth and smooth is fast and I have seen that in every Endeavor I've ever been in that's the kind of thing that really allows you to make progress you know you get certain um gifts in life and you want to take advantage of those um but you I guess my advice on adversity and uh success would be to be be proud not of your gifts but of your hard work and your choices so you know you may be the kinds of gifts you get like you know you might be really good at math it might be really easy for you that's a kind of gift um but practicing that math and taking it to the next step that could be very challenging and hard um and take a lot of sweat that's a choice you can't really be proud of your gifts because they were given to you um you can be great f for them and thankful for them um and but your choices you choose to work hard um you choose to do hard things those are choices that you can be proud of you can choose we all get to choose our life stories and um it's the choices that Define us not our gifts everybody in this room has many gifts um I have many gifts you can never be proud of your gifts because they're gifts they were given to you you might be you know tall and or you might be really good at math or you might be extremely beautiful or handsome or you know there or there many gifts and you can only be proud really of your choices because those are the things that you are that you're that you are acting on and one of the most important choices that each of us has and you know this just as well as I do is um you can choose a life of ease and comfort or you can choose a life of service and adventure and when you're 80 which one of those things you think you're going to be more proud of you're going to be more proud of having chosen a life of Adventure never been a better time to be alive I mean it's just an incredible the amount of uh inspiration that the world generates uh for me and I think for a lot of people it's just it's insane the amount of change and convention and opportunity your life the life you author from scratch on your own begins how will you use your gifts what choices will you make will inertia be your guide or will you follow your passions will you follow Dogma or will you be original will you choose a life of ease or a life of service and Adventure will you wilt under criticism or will you follow your convictions will you Bluff it out when you're wrong or will you apologize will you guard your heart against rejection or will you act when you fall on love will you play it safe or will you be a little bit swashbuckling when it's tough will you give up or will you be [Music] relentless will you be a cynic or will you be a builder will you be clever at the expense of others or will you be kind every time you figure out some way of providing tools and services that Empower other people to deploy their creativity you're really on to something you know you're very lucky if you have a career a lot of people end up with a job if you don't love your work you're never going to be great at it Jules ver Mark Twain Galileo Newton all the Curious from the ages would have wanted to be alive most of all right now as a civilization we will have so many gifts just as you as individuals have so many individual gifts as you sit before me how will you use these gifts and will you take pride in your gifts or pride in your choices

  Top Comments:
  1. @businessmotiversity [71 likes]: Follow our podcast to get daily motivation on the go: https://open.spotify.com/show/4BnAMw4tLYCit9XhIlpYB6
  2. @darkexcalibur87 [2 likes]: Is there a single real comment here or...? crickets
  3. @melissareeder99 [1 likes]: All you have to do is treat your workers like shit and avoid paying any corporate taxes at all. Easy peasy guys!!
  4. @Reffe-l9l: What’s the purpose of becoming rich when you disrespect people and your employees?

Bezos, like Musk and Trump, you are a disgrace.
  5. @MacroViewAU: Do you honestly think the whole world can get rich just by understanding "THIS" ?
  6. @bakriedewiki720: 👍👍
  7. @christinemctavish9010: drink the kool aid! This guy's not worth listening too.
  8. @Elena.S.3333: They act as if making money is easy, for them it may be, because they deceive us and play unfairly!

They don’t pay taxes, exploit their own employees, and have power and influence in politics. 
Please wake up and don’t take these people as role models. 
They are very, very poor examples. 
It may well be that they are millionaires or billionaires, but the way they earn their money has nothing to do with light and love or with positive energy. 
What they are doing is also very inhumane. Please stop glorifying these people! Unfortunately, the younger generation in particular is negatively influenced by such wealthy men and follows their example, becoming exactly the same. 
I find that very sad — it shouldn’t be like this.
  9. @SonnyK248: He was valedictorian at Princeton where he double majored in electrical engineering and computer science. He's just a very smart man. That helps you get rich.
  10. @Deepmala_namdharani: I am 42. So far I prefered to live at ease but now today I choose the life of service and adventure.
  11. @rayclipsoficial: nice job
  12. @WeniWeni-w2p: Jualya gimana di terima konsumen
  13. @QueenGitanjaliSashi-d2j: Great man is jeff, ijus love him forhis hard work n dedication towards work.god bless.
QueenGitanjaliSashi ❤
  14. @lydia5552: There's almost nothing what Bezos can understand from the real life outside of his box which he probably would call his high level. High level of what? Intelligence? Education? Sophistication? It's really hard to believe but In the real life, I'm probably much more clever and skillful than Bezos and other elite's billionaire losers.
  15. @JoJo-ju7xw: You too can be a millionaire . . . just get your parents to invest $300,000 in your business idea, just like Jeff did . . . its easy
  16. @JoJo-ju7xw: "Will you be clever at the expense of others or will you be kind" . . . . *employees have to pee in water bottles because the billionaire won't allot for bathroom breaks, silly humans
  17. @reginaldkonig4514: You got rich being a middle man selling stuff you bought in bulk from china for 100$ turned around and sold it quadrupled the price. I thought Amazon was great at 1st but found out how ur business works. Cheap put in cheap put out…
  18. @NegrO-C0ck13: I don’t have anything against rich people (billionaires) like Jeff Bezos in fact I admire them and wish them Well. What I DO HATE ARE HIGH RANK MASONS WHO INHERITED ALL OF THAT MONEY FROM THEIR ANCESTORS AND ABUSE THAT POWER AND INFLUENCE TO HARM INNOCENT PEOPLE. DO NOT TWIST MY WORDS PLEASE THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS ❤
I know my place on this planet and I’m not after the throne of man because It does Not belong to Me.
Do not support rape and crime don’t be a spineless coward because you won’t live forever on this planet remember that and GOD IS OUT THERE WATCHING AND WAITING.
  19. @user-zb4ch3yq7i: Perfect video for learning English.
  20. @laverdad6120: Yes just corrupt 😂😂😂😂

- Asking Billionaire Women How They Got RICH!: Kind: captions Language: en Excuse me, ma'am. Ma'am, >> thank you. >> Question for you. How old were you when you became a millionaire? >> I'm not a millionaire. >> No. >> No, I'm a billionaire. >> You're a billionaire. >> All right. How did you become a billionaire? >> I run a tech company. >> You run a tech company? >> Yes. >> How long have you been a business owner? >> So, I left Wall Street in 2013. >> You were on Wall Street? >> Yes. My job was to keep rich people rich for a living. >> So, what was the most amount of money that you made in a single year? >> A billion dollars. A lot. >> Give me a range. >> $1.2 billion. >> 1.2 billion. Are you a billionaire? >> That makes me a billionaire. Yes. >> Have you ever met a billionaire? Absolutely. I've been in the bank accounts of billionaires and the homes of billionaires. Absolutely. >> So, where do the wealthiest people put their money? I want you to think about the richest people that you've ever met. >> Okay. So, here we go. 80% of their money typically. >> As a billionaire, what's the best financial advice you would give to the younger generation? >> If you want to start your own business, >> your last message to the younger generation trying to become a billionaire in today's world. I'm about to do something insane, guys. I'm about to interview some of the richest women in the entire world, including Sarah Blakeley, the youngest self-made female billionaire in the entire world. And I'm not kidding. Right now, I am standing in Beverly Hills, one of the richest zip codes on the planet. And I'm going to be going around to find some of the richest women that live here to figure out how they built their fortunes. But we're just getting started, you guys, because after this, I'm going to be flying across the country to Atlanta to go meet and interview one of the richest female billionaires on earth to figure out how she turned just $5,000 into a billion-dollar empire, making her the youngest self-made female billionaire in the world. So, this video is about to be insane from start to finish. So, stay tuned until the end. With that being said, let's go meet some billionaires. Excuse [Music] me, ma'am. Ma'am. >> Question for you. I'm going all over Beverly Hills asking people, "How did you get rich?" >> Worked hard. >> What line of business are you in? >> Film. >> Producer, director. What are you doing? >> Producer. >> What was your most proud accomplishment in the in the film industry? >> Probably amassing almost $2 billion in revenue and now I got to go. >> Oh, wait. Are you a business owner? Real quick, can I change my channel? That way you can see it >> you guys. I could not get the game from her. But she said doing $2 billion in revenue. That's just to put in perspective for you. The kind of women, the kind of people that are out here that we're going to be running into on these streets of Beverly Hills. I wanted that one back, but we couldn't get it, you guys. But I know that they're out here. And I am not going to stop until I get a billion dollars worth of game for you all. Come on. >> Excuse me, ma'am. How did you get rich? >> How did I get rich? >> Working really, really hard. >> And what line of business? Are you a business owner? >> Finance. >> You were in finance on Wall Street or what? >> Dad, I can't tell you. >> Wait, so real quick. I grew a channel to 17 million followers. I've interviewed 25 billionaires in the last four years like Mark Cuban, Michael Rubin. I asked successful people how they made it for the younger generation. So, I wanted to ask you if there's one piece of financial advice that you learned throughout your career that you could instill in the younger generation, what would that be? >> Invest in things you understand. >> Like what what was that for you? What was the best vehicle? >> Real estate. >> And do you like residential or commercial? What did you like? >> Residential. >> Why is that? >> Because the timing was perfect for it. >> And when did you buy real estate primarily? >> This goes back to the '9s. What's the best city to buy real estate in today's world? >> Oh, LA. Anywhere where there's coastal properties. >> A lot of people like red states are like, >> "Well, of course, because of politics." So, red states obviously are better because of the tax breaks. >> Did you ever own a business? >> What was the big issue you had? >> A billion dollars. >> Are you serious? >> Did you have anybody that doubted you in business? >> Nobody doubted you? >> Why not? >> Somebody that did cost them a lot of money. >> So, it's safe to say that it's not a smart idea to bet against you. >> Absolutely not a good idea. >> Yeah. >> Absolutely not. Listen, all is fair and I believe in doing things fairly and that business can be a win-win for anybody, but you should never get in a situation where you think that somebody else is not worthy of whatever. Everybody deserves a break and a chance to prove themselves in business. >> What was the biggest challenge that you face running companies? Cuz it's hard. You have to >> employees. >> Why it was hard to get them? >> Why? Because uh employees, you have to hire people that you trust. Men are linear. They're direct. They're clear thinkers. They're easy to take care of. Women are emotional, difficult to do business with. >> So, did you hire a lot? >> That happens to be the truth. >> So, did you not hire a lot of women employees then? >> Why do I Are you serious? >> Yes, I'm serious. >> Even as a Even as a boss woman? >> Yes. You hire women that have men's instincts for business. >> You mentioned buying real estate. Did you buy a lot of real estate? >> You did? >> With each of your properties, did you have an LLC for each property? >> How many LLC's do you own? >> Over 50. >> Over 50 LLC's. And how important was that? >> Oh, it's critical. I mean, here's the thing. An LLC is a veil of protection and everybody should understand their taxes. It will serve you for the rest of your life. >> For every business that I've started and every property that I've acquired starting this year, I've been using an LLC company. The company I used to start my business and buy my properties was called Busy. I started my LLC through them and it was it was one of the smartest decisions cuz it protects you. >> I'm going to look at busy. >> You said you're 62 today. Yes. >> If me and you died tomorrow and you had one more message for the younger generation, what would that be? >> Live while you're alive. What's that mean? >> Enjoy your life. >> Guys, we just interviewed I think a billionaire out here in Beverly Hills. And did you hear what she said? For every one of her businesses, for each one of her real estate properties, she has an LLC. She's got not one, not two, but 50 LLC's, you guys. That is insane. And that should tell you something because look, billionaires, they don't leave anything up to chance. They structure everything because the right entity protects their personal assets, saves them a ton of money on taxes, and sets them up to scale. And that's exactly why I used Busy when I was starting out. and it helped me build a multi-million dollar business. It make it insanely easy to start a business, you guys. Whether it's an LLC or an escort, you can literally get everything handled in like under 10 minutes. And it's super affordable. It is way cheaper and way easier than trying to go hire a super expensive lawyer or an accountant to set up your business. So guys, trust me on this. Stop what you're doing. Be like the smart entrepreneurs. Be like the rich entrepreneurs and use Busy to set up your business today. All you have to do is go down to the link in the description of this video to start your business through Busy Today. But with that being said, let's get back to the video. All right, you guys. So, we at our next spot out here in Beverly Hills, and a Mayback just pulled up to the ballet out here. So, I'm going to go up and see what they did to get rich. Let's go see who it is, you guys. Come on. >> Excuse me, ma'am. Ma'am, >> No, >> no, I'm a billionaire. >> You're a billionaire. Are you actually? Yes. >> How did you become a billionaire? >> Well, working hard shaping eyebrows. >> So, you're in the beauty business? >> Yes, I'm in a beauty business. I own a company called Anastasia Beverly Hills. >> Are you serious? Yeah. >> Wow. I started in uh 1997. >> Are you self-made? >> Yes, totally. >> So, you don't you don't come from a lot of money? >> No, I came here from a communist regime from Romania and I didn't speak the language. I didn't have any money. I didn't know anyone and uh I really believed in eyebrows. >> I go all over the world interviewing billionaires to help the younger generation. Can I get a minute with you for the channel real quick? >> Absolutely. >> Did you take on a lot of investors? >> No. I mean when I sold in 2018 I didn't have I own 100% of the company. Are >> you serious? >> How much did you sell for? >> The company was evaluated of three billions. Nobody believed in Ibro business. >> Oh absolutely. The landlord that I wanted to rent the space. The bank didn't want to give me a credit card. Everybody my own husband didn't believe that this will be a business. >> Why didn't you listen to anybody else? >> You know why? Cuz I really believed it. I really believe that eyebrow is such an important feature in our face and I fixed my own eyebrow. This is how everything started. I had pencil thin eyebrows in the 80s. That was the fashion. watch the cash flow. Ibida is everything. You know, it's all about the profit. >> It's all about the profits. Don't start spending money left and right. When I started, I was driving a beat up car that I spent $200. Okay? And it didn't matter if my daughter thought that I couldn't uh drive her to school because the kids will make fun of her or my clients. I they didn't make fun. But you know the perception of people like oh I have to fit in with everybody else. I didn't care. I had a bigger goals and it was important for me to save every penny to put into my business. And for many years this is what I did. Every money I will generate I will put back into the >> You just kept reinvesting. >> That's it. Yes. I didn't buy cars. I worked non-stop. So, I didn't have even time to spend the money I was making. >> Now, when you started to generate cash flow and reinvest in the business, how did you scale? >> You have to scale to produce more products, to widen the distribution, and of course, you start learning the business slowly. You make a lot of mistakes. I made many mistakes, but you learn from your mistakes. And the key is to never make the same mistake twice. social media right now because you ask me how I scale my daughter that worked with me and we used to travel to promote the products in 2012 she came to me and she said mom maybe we'll get into this app called Instagram and we don't need to travel that much and I said okay let's try let's see anybody else like ah I don't believe it I don't want like absolutely anything I will try anything so we start posting pictures of our products and it went viral and this is how we start sending ing products to some makeup artists or women and men that love products and our makeup and they used to do tutorial on YouTube or pictures for Instagram and we're the first beauty brand having a presence on Instagram and this is how we scale. It exploded the company. >> So social media it changed the game for you. >> Change completely the game. So you always have to be alert. Don't sit here and do the same business that you did 20 years ago. >> You have to adapt. You got to pivot. >> You have to adapt. You have to pivot. Business changes every day. Right now with AI, I I'm looking into I want to learn more. I want to implement AI as much as I can in finance, in product development, in distribution, everything. >> You've already built a billion-dollar company. You've became a billionaire. Are you still motivated to keep on going? >> Oh, I work like I can't pay my rent next month. >> So, you're working like the rent. >> Oh, yes. Yes. Like I love it. I love what I do. I don't even feel like I work. And that's the key actually. I find that I'm more successful, that I have a purpose every day, me and my daughter. Money are are great. Don't get me wrong. I love my whatever I have, what I build, I work hard for it. But that's not everything in life. My family, my clients, my friends. Every day I wake up and I love challenge. I love to solve problems. I'm competitive. So, I have a great life. >> Does money buy happiness? >> Depends how you define happiness. >> It buys freedom. >> Freedom. That's Yes. I think money buys freedom. >> Not fulfillment though. >> No fulfillment. No. Absolutely. one more guiding principle to leave with the younger generation, what would that be? >> Oh my god. Don't be afraid to start to do whatever your heart is telling you. Believe in yourself. That's very important. And you don't need to be like somebody else. I know it's a lot of bullying right now on social media school for younger people. You don't need to be like somebody else. You don't It's okay. I was skinny in school. I was a gymnast. I was the last one. I was never like everybody else in the class. But you know what? I used to go to the library. I I used to read to do my homework and be passionate about whatever I was doing. And at the end of the day, you take all that and you could build wherever you want. >> You have amazing advice. >> Thank you so much. I appreciate you and wish you good luck. And everybody else that is watching, believe in yourself cuz you could do whatever you want. >> I have to ask you. I connect with all the billionaires I interview. Can I get your contact? >> Sure, >> guys. We just walked up to her. What did she say? I'm not a millionaire. I'm a billionaire. And she's a self-made one, too. Guys, she came from a communist country of Romania, came here to Beverly Hills and built a multibillion dollar company. You guys, she just gave a fantastic interview. But the time has now come. We're about to leave Beverly Hills and head out to Atlanta, Georgia to go find the richest woman that lived there and meet up with the youngest entire world. So, head with us right now to the airport to go fly out to Atlanta. All right, you guys. So, we just got through security at the Los Angeles airport, and it is time now. It's 11:00 at night, and we're about to fly out to Atlanta to go meet up with the youngest self-made female billionaire of all time, and we're going to figure out how she built her billion-dollar company, and how you watching can do the exact same thing. And since Atlanta is home to more millionaires and billionaires than most cities in the world, we're going to go see who else we can find in the richest areas in Atlanta. So, come with us right now to Atlanta, Georgia. All right, you guys. It is 5:00 a.m. and we just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. And in just a few hours, I'm going to be heading into the richest part of Atlanta in Buckhead Village to go find some of the richest women that live out here and see if we can get their advice on how they built their wealth. So stay tuned. Let's head in and go see who we can find. Excuse me, ma'am. Question for you. How old were you when you became a millionaire? >> Um 33. >> 33. >> 33. And how did you get rich? >> Um, I run a tech company. >> You run a tech company? Yes. >> So I left Wall Street in 2013. for a living. I came up with the idea in 2013, but we didn't make our money until 2017 as a business. >> So what was the most amount of money >> Just shy of 10 million. >> $10 million. >> Just shy. >> I go all over the world interviewing the richest people to help the younger for our channel real quick? >> Sure. >> Absolutely. I've been in the bank >> So where do the wealthiest people put Where are they investing their money in today's world? That's not talked about a lot. >> Okay, so here we go. 80% of their money typically is in marketable securities. So stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ETF, things like that. 10% of their wealth is in cash and then the other 10% is in alternative investments. Those are the investments that you can't turn into cash quickly. So things like real estate, things like private investments that can give you the ability to grow your wealth tremendously over the next 5 to 10 years, but it's all invested. Wealthy people do not put their money in cash. It's always in something that has a potential to grow their wealth. >> Do they keep their money in in a savings account? >> No. Wealthy people put their money to work. I think we all have job descriptions. Even me running my business, they give their money a job description. You cannot save or work your way to wealth. You can only invest your way there. >> Did you come from a lot of money? >> No, I did not come from a lot of money. I came from a middle-ass household. Two parents. I was the first person in my family to go to college. First entrepreneur, first millionaire in my family. >> You went to Howard? >> I did. >> I grew up right outside of DC. >> Yes, I did. The best HBCU in the world. >> What was your turning point to financial freedom? >> I think one of the biggest things I learned about a 1% on Wall Street, they believe they have power. They believe they deserve to be in a room. They believe they're supposed to be wealthy. Most people don't even believe they deserve a seat at the table. >> Did you ever doubt yourself? >> Absolutely. I was the only black female on my floor on Wall Street. I didn't Sometimes I felt like I wasn't good enough, but in that same moment, I knew that I could be a billionaire because I was in that room. >> Are you going to be a billionaire? >> Absolutely. Billiondollar CEO right here. Absolutely. Yes. >> Your last message to the younger generation. >> Wealth does not have a color. Therefore, it looks like you, it looks like me, and it starts in the mind. Just because you didn't grow up with wealth, just because you may not have a lot of money now, doesn't mean you can't effectively build wealth. But the key is ownership. You have to create your wealth by owning companies of that you know you use and believe in or create your own business. >> You got amazing advice. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much for your time. I appreciate that. I I have to ask you. I connect with all the millionaires that I interviewed. Could I get your contact? >> Guys, she made $10 million in a single year. She started off on Wall Street, left and built a multi-million dollar tech company. You guys, he just gave a phenomenal interview. But my favorite part was when she broke down what the richest people in the world, the billionaires do with their money. And I just got to say, you guys, you don't find this information in school or any of these online courses, you guys. Only here at the School of Hard Knocks. But as you guys know, we got to keep this one rolling cuz we got to keep going to find the richest people in Atlanta. You guys, come on. All right, you guys. The time has now come. We're going to be heading out to go try and meet and interview the legendary, the youngest entire world, Sarah Blakeley, at an event that's being held about an hour south of Atlanta, Georgia. Guys, we're going to show up and see if we can actually get to her and interview her for our channel, you guys. Guys, I've interviewed like 25 plus billionaires, but she would be one of the craziest ones that I've ever done, being that she's one of the only self-made woman billionaires, you guys. So, we're going to go do our best to try and get this interview for you guys and go get a million dollars worth of game. All right, you guys. So, we just got to our destination. We're going to be walking over right now to go meet up with and interview the legend Sarah Blakeley to go figure out how to become a billionaire. Come on. >> Hello. Hello. >> How are you? >> Hi. >> Hi, Sarah. >> Good. It's great to meet you. >> Congratulations on this whole movement and, you know, success that you've had. >> Thank you so much. >> Stopping people and asking them cool advice. >> We appreciate that. Yeah, it's been a lot of fun. We get to meet amazing people like you. So, it's it's all worth it. For sure. Your story's been super inspiring to just learn about and this is one I've been wanting to do for a couple years now. So, I'm glad that we get to tell it to our audience as well and and you've had an amazing journey. So, I know that they're looking forward to it. My only request is that no holding back. We're going to give them the secrets right now on what it takes to build a billion dollar brand. >> Okay. >> Can we do that? >> Well, let's do it. >> Perfect. >> I got all the secrets. >> Who am I here with today? >> Sarah Blakeley. >> And for those that don't know, what was your business? >> I make butts look better. My business was Spanx. >> You're the founder of Spanx. >> I'm the founder of Spanx. >> What was the most amount of money that you made in a single year? >> A lot. >> Hundreds of millions. >> Hundreds of millions of dollars. And did you sell your company? >> For how much? >> I sold it for $1.2 billion. >> You sold your company for 1.2 billion. Are you a billionaire? >> For the ones that don't know, did you have a lot of money when you started >> No. I had $5,000 that I had saved myself from selling fax machines doortodoor for seven years. Do you guys know what a fax is? I sold them and I saved my money. >> Was it easy to get people to invest in your company? >> It was so easy for me to get investors. You know why? I'm the only investor. >> You never took on investors. >> I never had a single investor in Spanx other than me. >> I'm serious. Self-funded the entire 21 years. >> I'm serious. So, it was really easy to get an investor. I sat down with myself and I was like, "Do you want to spend your five grand on a vacation or do you want to try to bet on yourself?" >> And you bet on yourself. >> And I bet on myself. >> So, so you don't think people should look to give their company away and give that ownership away to other people? >> Listen, whatever you give away in your business, you have to be very willing to give up. So, >> you give up control. You got to control. You got to make all the shots. >> Yeah. I mean, I literally had no investors. I got to answer to my own intuition, which I really honored throughout the whole journey. I always pay attention to intuition over data, and I don't think investors really understand that. So that worked in my favor because intuition's not on a spreadsheet. >> Did you face a lot of rejection? >> Did I face a lot of rejection? I sold fax machines for seven years door to door. Rejection is my middle name. I actually got rejected so much people would rip up my business card in my face and they would escort me out of buildings. So by the time I started Spanx, rejection I knew was just part of the formula to success. Totally unfazed by rejection. In fact, the more I would get rejected, I'm like, "Oh, I'm closer to my yes." >> What was the crazy scene that you did as a business owner when you were starting out? Oh my god, where do I start? Well, definitely when I landed Neiman Marcus, which was such a prestigious retailer, I got a chance to be in one pocket in the store of the whole hosery department. You know, Spanx was between like Donna and Karen and Calvin Klein and all these huge brands and no one had heard of Spanx. So, I took bins that I bought at Office Depot and stuck them at every cash register in the store, which is so not okay. Neiman Marcus has a very strict visual apartment, but everybody thought somebody else approved it. So, I was trying to get the product out of the sleepiest corner of the store and move it around to where the customers actually were. >> So, you have to do whatever it takes to to really become successful as well. >> Absolutely. You do whatever it takes. And I always say ask for forgiveness, not permission. >> I love that. >> Everybody started buying it like crazy. And by the time they figured out, no one had approved that I could do that. The CEO of um Neman said, "Whatever this girl is doing, let her keep doing it." >> So, it's safe to say that nobody's going to run your business like you are, the business owner. Yes. I saw in a video that you did recently that you think people should wait to talk about their idea with other people, but there's other people that maybe argue that and say that you need to talk about your business and run it by as many people as possible to get your thoughts. You disagree with that? >> I disagree with that. I waited a year before I told any friends or family what I was working on. And that's because I didn't want ego to have to get involved too early. When ego gets involved, you end up spending your time defending it and explaining it instead of pursuing it. So, I wanted to invest enough of my personal time in creating this crazy idea that I had. I worked at night and on the weekends on it until I knew I wouldn't turn back when I got doubt. And out of love, your loved ones will bring up things like my family was like, "Sarah, if it's such a good idea, why hasn't anybody already done it? You know, even if this is a good idea, the big guys will knock you off in 6 months and you've spent your life savings on it." Had I heard those things the moment that I had the idea, I would probably still be selling fax machines or something else cuz faxes aren't really around anymore. But it's very true because ideas are the most vulnerable in the moment you have them. And it's also people's instinct to share the idea in the most vulnerable stage because you get an idea and you turn to your co-worker, your husband, your wife, and you say, "Hey, I've got an idea." And out of love, they'll give you a list of like, "Hey, maybe you should consider this." And I didn't want that to happen. So, intuitively, I waited a year before I sat my family down, and they all thought I was crazy. They're like, "Wait, what? This is the idea you've been working on? This new type of undergarment?" I'm like, "Yes, it's going to change the way women around the world get dressed." >> What did you see differently than your family? The people that were calling you crazy. the way that I saw that it solved my problem with my clothes. So, all undergarments prior to that were too thick. They were heavy. They were made with thick material and you could see the underwear. You could see panty lines. I know you've had this problem, but anyway, you could see panty lines and I wanted a smooth look. And so, I thought of panty hose only because it's like second skin. The material is so lightweight that if I could create an undergarment out of that material, it would be breathable. It wouldn't feel bulky. it wouldn't feel constricting in the way that other traditional undergarments and girdles had. So, it really created this whole new canvas for women. And I want to mention that I went into an industry that was in a double-digit decline. And I find that fascinating. A lot of people like to chase trend and where is everybody moving. And I'm interested in like what industries are sort of dying on the vine and why? And hosery was dying on the vine because fashion had changed, women's styles had changed and no one was solving the problem. So when I created Spanx, I created a new type of undergarment that didn't exist with the lightest weight material that was second skin in hosery to go under women's clothes. And bam, it was like lightning in a bottle and I filled a void that women had been waiting for me to fill. >> Solve a problem, bet on yourself, and have fun. Guys, I need you to stop what you're doing right now and like and subscribe to this channel for tons of incredible content I've got coming very, very soon because nobody is interviewing these kind of people. Nobody's making content like this. Guys, I'm 23 and I've interviewed over 25 billionaires and I've got more coming to you every single week. The craziest, the most amazing business owners in the entire world. And I need you to do yourself a favor. I want you to go down and click the link in the description of this video to become a member of the number one most powerful community for entrepreneurs in the entire world, the school of mentors. And inside of this community, you get direct access to the multi-millionaires and the billionaires that I interview on this channel every single week, where you get to ask your questions directly to multi-millionaires and billionaires just like Sarah, where they give you actionable advice on how to build your first million dollar and maybe billion dollar business. So, I can't wait to see you on the inside. Just go down to the link in the description of this video. With that being said, I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @theschoolofhardknocks [350 likes]: Start your business with confidence at https://Bizee.com
  2. @tatianatatianka02: Very interesting!
  3. @Greekie80: The eyebrows last is 😍 amazing.
  4. @nickmccally: 😂 screaming for attention. Can we validate the numbers please?
  5. @Legeniedp: Ca$h flow
  6. @DayTraderMaxxing: He seems star-struck by Sara B 😅
  7. @awakeningnoww8081: Wow ! The black woman amazing 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  8. @JonToyCars: The lady from 06:20 was amazing, and I think that's why she succeeded, or one of the reasons she did: she was so open and so likeable, had a nice personality, and from what we can see, she is doing great in life!
  9. @Lordveine: when you make stalking a living lol
  10. @CarolleeWilson: Wow it’s so beautiful to see all these people who believed in themselves.  Anything is possible!!
  11. @usa_hidden_stories: ❤❤❤🎉
  12. @hak1989: ‏‪11:23‬‏ she's really so cute and lovely ♥️
  13. @MOTHAZAMORA: Work mother ANASTASIA 😍🔥
  14. @KarlosKin: Hello bro,,, you Oke Anton Madura from Indonesia So,, How are you? 😍🤩🤝👍💫🇮🇩
  15. @MuhammadUmar-w5m4h: good
  16. @najuu439: Don't be afraid to start to do whatever your heart is telling you believe in yourself  that's very important and you don't need to be like somebody else i know it's a lot of bullying right now on social media at school for younger people you don't it it's okay i was skinny in school i was a gymnast i was the last one i was never like everybody else in the class but you know what i used to go to the library i used to read to do my homework and be passionate about whatever i was doing and at the end of the day you take all that and you could build whatever you want  because you could do whatever you want
  17. @EverlineTavares: THEE ANASTASIA!!!! 😮
  18. @crystal2763: Ashley Fox!!!
  19. @lemohangsebekho8328: Absolutely practical and wise advise to give from the lady
  20. @Luckbychance-y9b: 🎉

- Americans know wealth inequality is a problem, but what does it look like?: Kind: captions Language: en the growing gap between rich and poor Americans is one of the biggest challenges facing the country get this the richest 1% controls more wealth now than at any time in more than a half-century and that's a concern cited by every leading Democratic presidential candidate and a recent bipartisan survey found that most Americans 61% think it's a problem but how big of a problem and what does wealth inequality really look like in this country we found that most people have no idea you want to talk about wealth inequality no all right the topic may be everywhere on the campaign trail you want to talk about wealth inequality in America not so much hey when I talk about wealth inequality Oh another time we'll catch you later so we got some free pie here free pie we turned America's economic pie into a real one this is the American Pie and found a lot more people willing to address a simple question who gets what we have five plates alrighty this represents everybody in America ok so you've got your wealthiest 20% all the way down to your poorest 20% and that is the American pie the pie itself represents about ninety eight trillion dollars of household wealth in America we ask people to dole it out as accurately as possible I guess start off with two slices on the wealthiest okay how many pieces of the pie would you put on the middle-class put fool four all right that's the middle class let's do half a piece to the poorest like right in the middle there yep okay perfect so our gonna have to move some of the wealthiest to the lower class how much to pieces to the lower middle lower middle class so can I show you what reality looks like not like this obviously unfortunately not no one was even close so it's actually nine pieces of pie yeah ninety percent of the wealth is right here in the top terrible now the upper middle class and the middle class they share one piece so these guys they've got about 80% of a piece they get twenty percent of a piece and then the lower middle class they've got point three percent of a piece yeah they have some crumbs there there you go that's what they get and the poorest they have no pie in fact they've less than that then no pie they have they actually have a bill for pie the variant pie debt they owe pie people in the poorest 20% are on average more than six thousand dollars in debt it's very sad yeah very sad very depressing I grew up here really uh-huh that was me let me show you something else mm-hmm so even if you just look at the wealthiest and you go to the top 1% so the wealthiest 1% of everybody these people alone have not one not two not three but four slices of pie what do you think I want to who these people are that we expected not at all disturbing this election cycle Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders had promised to redistribute the pie with a special tax on Fortune's fifty million dollars and up the wealthiest people in this country will start paying their fair share and polls show most Americans support the idea they should be giving a lot of that over here do you think there should be an extra tax from the super wealthy why not they could afford it yes they should well it happened probably know you're not hopeful not everyone is on board as we found talking to people near some of the biggest yachts at the New York Boat Show that's against sort of the American Wedding John Sheffield and Mark tedford run an investment firm in Connecticut they oppose the idea of a wealth tax via total disaster actually like for them to continue to promote it because they will get elected in that way wealth redistribution is always popular amongst the masses who don't have the wealth and not popular remotes the 1% to do well it's popular but doesn't make economic sense to me so help me understand that because you're acknowledging that there is some unfairness here there's a lot of people with not much and there's a small fraction of people with a lot right I guess the alternative is that we need a socialist economy where everyone has the same that doesn't make sense either a lot of people who have a lot have earned it and made it started their own companies they've grown businesses they've worked hard they've gotten good degrees they've gone to school they may have had it from opportunity than others we just haven't done that a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American Dream the political fight will continue I have nothing else to offer but time I'll take it but at our little table redistribution was a hit if I'm going to take a piece it will be from the excess okay rich people five in the commercial break will divide up not sweet potato well you know this was better for for mixing and removing it around on those plates but you know I have to serve this American Pie there's economic pie with a glass of cold water and that is as follows a wealth tax according to researchers at the University of Pennsylvania might actually slow overall economic growth which is why those folks at the end at the Boat Show are opposed to it I thought it was interesting when he said that may have an opera or having an opportunity maybe part of the problem and I think it's not just the opportunity but when you point out how hard it is to get out of poverty I mean that's really telling it is very hard $5,000 Americans are incredibly optimistic so they actually overestimate how likely it is that they're gonna go from where they started to rich so why would they support a wealth that the other significant thing is that gap between rich and poor has been growing consistently as we go years now it has so it looks like the playing field is favoring one side oh I do hope Marco Rubio is right we don't have haves and have-nots in this country we have haves and soon to haves all right to see what the wealth gap looks like in terms of real money not just pie go to our website CBS this morning dot-com

  Top Comments:
  1. @NatureScout [4 likes]: No one person makes the amount of money that the wealthy have from their hard work and innovation. That money is gathered by the wealthy from the unequal distribution of the rewards of labor.  To get that much money the wealthy siphon off the money that workers made to go to the business owners while not compensating the workers fairly for their work. It's impossible for the business owner to work over a hundred times harder than the entire company's workers. That's unfair distribution of the wealth.
  2. @mariamysoul [1 likes]: this is 5 years old... we are so f***
  3. @bcbeasters [1 likes]: This is one of the best visualization examples on this topic! 🙂👍
I recommend it all the time... it needs way more views! 😕
  4. @nf6395 [1 likes]: Who’s here in 2025 😒
  5. @Bozzplayer67: We must *ill the rich!!!
  6. @dcwinebuff: And the top 1 percent pay 40 percent of the taxes as well.  How can we possibly NOT have wealth inequality when we allow millions of poor, unskilled, uneducated migrants from Third World countries into this country every year.  Are they expected to have the same wealth as established Americans who have worked and saved their entire lives?
  7. @AndrewLei-c8h: Not surprising after all America is an oligarchy and a real greedy one at that
  8. @ang4darling2025: we are poor because of greedy rich people who stand in our way and won't allow us to live a fruitful life if greedy petty people moved out of our way we would not be poor..it is slavery because they do not want anyone doing better than them...that is a straight fact greedy people are literally standing in the way...
  9. @ang4darling2025: SLAVERY
  10. @JacksonJohnson-h1g: "Everywhere you will find that the wealth of the wealthy springs from the poverty of the poor."-Peter Kropotkin
  11. @Cookie-Dough-Dynamo: Says CBS. How much pharma money do you take?
  12. @Bradley-z5x: Bernie's Sanders been saying that for years but keep in mind Bernie Sanders is a millionaire himself
  13. @leafmixer: This all started in the 1970s when the rich decided to take back all the progress made under the new deal. Read the Powell Memorandum for more information. They're not going to give it up but I'll tell you it's going to have to be forced from their hand! By law preferably! If not then what else? And of course no Americans don't know! Most Americans are politically illiterate due to their media
  14. @TeasLouise: I'm glad they are showing us these yacht guys faces so we can remember who they are.
  15. @MightyMike-w7o: Wealthy Americans should be able to keep most of their money. They were able to accumulate it. But they should also find a way to help the rest of the country get ahead as well. It should be seen as an investment and more people able to stay afloat will increase how much the wealthiest have too. No one is expecting equal distribution to everyone. But everyone should have a fair chance to succeed. We need to change the way we elect politicians. There should be a set amount of funds available to anyone who wants to run for government. Access to the media should be equal for all running. All this should be taken care of by the taxes from the American people. Zero dollars should be given by corporations and citizens directly. Eliminate the influence and keep government officials honest and working for the benefit of society as a whole. Which is what our Constitution was intended to do.
  16. @AlexParkYT: Like I'm gonna listen to 2 private equity firm co-founders. Private equity is parasitic so of course the parasites like draining everything.
  17. @jairo576: this was before covid holy
  18. @SDuB54: We need an update, how do we get this to happen?
  19. @johnmoyer99: It’s worse now. 1% more in tax won’t even be felt by billionaires, and we can still incentivize investment.
  20. @anniemurray5668: I want my money 😢🎉😂

- Why Rich People Use The Internet Differently: Kind: captions Language: en It's the same thing as the Facebook or the same thing as moving off of Tinder. There's a certain elite group clustering in a certain area and when Claude becomes big enough, people are just going to hop to another thing. Social media platforms like Instagram are often framed as universal spaces where everyone can participate equally. But the ways people use and express themselves on these platforms are not equal. Differing user behavior, consumption patterns, and aesthetics often reflect deeper social and economic differences. Online trends like lowclass Instagram reveal how aesthetics, posting styles, and digital habits are inextricably linked to perceptions of class. Today, I'm joined by Adam Alexa, an etmologist and cultural commentator who has been covering these subtle internet divides. We're going to be breaking down the hallmarks of lowclass Instagram and discussing how these differences are not only about taste, but also about access to technology, cultural norms, and platform design. Hi Adam, welcome to Power User. >> Hi, excited to be back. >> So, there's this discussion that's been taking place on Instagram about lowclass Instagram. And I I thought of it a lot because Kyle Chica posted something last year about kind of like billionaire Instagram behavior. It was basically like the richest person you know has an Instagram that's private and has like 200 followers. And I think this is kind of weirdly so true. And that's what sort of woke me up to this idea of like there seems to be this way that like rich people use the internet verse the rest of us. And I'm curious kind of like how this discussion made its way to you. And how would you define this discussion around lowclass Instagram? Yeah, I think it's all something we've kind of known for a while, but recently there have been these internet memes and discussions happening about high income versus low-income Instagram. And there are certain posting behaviors that are associated with class that we could get conditioned into acting through. >> Yeah. And I want to start off also by saying like this is us kind of like describing these like trends that correlate with socioeconomic classes maybe or different like marginalized groups and the ways that they use it. Like these honestly transcend America. There was a lot of discussion when Tik Tok was banned in India because Tik Tok is actually seen was seen as sort of like the workingclass app and Instagram was seen as this elite social media app and so there was concern that maybe like these poor villagers would no longer have online platforms and so there are I just think that like economic inequality and class dynamics are so embedded in our social internet and it's worth kind of like unpacking some of them and also kind of identifying some of these things as well cuz like I think some of us that maybe engage in like low class Instagram behaviors. Like it's it's interesting to kind of like I think think about kind of like what that says and what these maybe like what these judgments that the public is making against these behaviors online where they stem from and kind of what they reveal about our culture. >> Right? I think it's something very important to examine why we think something is high class or low class and to understand that our elitism actually bleeds into everything including the online which we tend to think of as separate but it never really is. It's always a part of the whole. One thing that I feel like is sort of universally considered lowclass Instagram is the use of filters and sort of heavily filtered photos, heavily filtered videos. There was the joke about sort of like the Rio di Janeiro filter being put on everything as kind of like a meme. But I noticed this sometimes even just going into the comments and trying to sort of judge who someone is. If I click on their profile and they've got a lot of heavily filtered photos, I'm like this person I don't know like they seem maybe like they are lower class or that they are not as like maybe adept at using the internet. It feels almost kind of boomercoded as well. >> Yeah. Elitism which is tied to intellectualism is conditioned sociologically into behaving certain ways. And when you are in the group of elites, whether or not you've consciously thought about it, you will replicate behaviors that other elites are doing. One of those behaviors is to have a deep understanding of the platform and the medium and signal in an aesthetic way that coheres with that medium. So, some people may have thought about it explicitly and some people may have not, but nevertheless, there is this group that emerges of people who are presenting through the social media platform aesthetic in a way that kind of both is cohesive to identity and to the platform itself. And so, okay, what what I mean by that is we already know we're pretending online. If you put on a filter that's only like going beyond that to pretend like we are trying to look better. This is true. By posting online you already presenting a face of yourself that you want people to like you. The filter overd does it. So to elite scrutinizers it comes across as you're trying too hard to get people to like you. >> I think it's interesting because like we are all ultimately pretending online. And I think actually the way that a lot of people experience wealth through Instagram is actually people engaging in quote unquote like lowclass behavior where they're like posting their Ferraris or they're posting whatever. A lot of it feels very like American rich like new money aesthetics versus old money aesthetics which is also popular on Instagram but it's very performative. I was doing a story years ago about the king of old money Instagram and preppy Instagram and I was interviewing actually a bunch of British people who were like none of this is actually old money because like it's all fundamentally still around like showing off your wealth and like real old money is not about showing off your wealth. But I think it's interesting how like lowclass Instagram people are being judged for like I guess trying to look better online but they're doing that more through like filters than maybe luxury purchases. There's a bias that any quiet luxury or old money aesthetic you see online is still being posted online. So, it's not actually the real thing. It is somebody trying to flex at the end of the day. But there are degrees of how much you do it. So, if you spread bands on a table or if you post yourself leaning on someone else's Ferrari, that's kind of actually a lowerass thing to do because of how you do conspicuous consumption versus inconspicuous consumption. And this is something again that's socialized into us that once you reach a certain level of class or wealth, you don't need to show it off. And so there's a meta semiodic signal sent out when you post on that Ferrari that you you want people to know you're posting on the Ferrari. So really a high class Instagram behavior would be to let it be implied that you have that. You don't you don't need to prove it. >> Yeah. You need to kind of like I guess vague post a little bit more if you post at all. And I mean I before we even just get further I think obviously we have to talk about the fact that the ultimate luxury these days is not having to be online. I think this is what makes you know people like Elon Musk like so confounding because most like mega wealthy people are just not online. They don't have to engage in the attention economy and amass the currency of likes or anything, you know, online sort of clout because they are just mega rich and they can chill and they can have a private Instagram account with 200 followers and not have to be among the masses. I think this has become even more pronounced honestly as the world has become more and more like algorithmic and just the internet is in general is seen as this like harm. It's constantly equated to drugs, alcohol, like bad things that frankly, you know, are seen as like poor people engage in this and these poor people are rotting their brains. Whereas, you know, this this also goes back to the narrative of that's not true that I've debunked a million times, this complete lie that I don't know where it came from, where people say, "Oh, these tech entrepreneurs don't even let their children use their own products." That's actually not true. Kids in Silicon Valley have the highest tech adoption rates in our entire country. They're on these products from the time they can speak. But it is this I feel like there's this pervasive idea in society that like true elites are not on the internet. >> There's a great creator Eugene Healey who does kind of brand strategy content and he's also spoken a lot about this trend toward curation in person. It's sort of a status symbol to go to the run club to do something that's this real thing instead of finding online communities which is now seen as low class. >> Why do you think online communities are seen as low class? Is it just that like people that don't have privileges are forced to rely on the internet? I mean, I think of this as like as somebody that reports a lot on marginalized groups like trans people, you know, other marginalized communities, kids of immigrants and stuff, they turn to the internet and they spend a lot more time on the internet because the IRL world is so hostile to them. I guess when did that flip happen and why do you think it exists? >> There's a few things going on for sure. One of them is that the idea of agency is becoming more important and people want to appear like they are in control of their tastes and their ideas. And when an algorithm serves you content or you end up in a community because you happen to find it through some internet recommendation, you are not agentic there. It is more your own valition if you seek out things in person. Of course, there's an argument to be made about whether that's actually a thing you found yourself or whether you're still falling into these buckets that are just more elite buckets. But that that is one pressure for sure. Along with that, there's this curatorial intent, this tastem power, which elites revert back to when their norms have been sort of disrupted, which they very much have been by the internet. They now need to seek out something that and I think also maybe the rise of slop as well. The internet had at a previous time was actually this really cool thing that if if you did have the ability to get on the internet, that was incredible. Now it's everybody's on the internet and the quality of the content on the internet has worsened. So it is better to seek out the better quality to to on a organize your consumption. >> Yeah. I feel like the internet is just like there is so much lowquality content that it's again it goes back to this idea of like I spend my time offline reading books. You're on your phone consuming brain rot like you're you know inherently sort of lower class than I am. Aside from these like billionaires again that are just completely offline and have the private Instagram accounts with $200. I think there is this like upper class of Americans that does still use the internet that does need the internet that does rely on it for like sort of upward you know career mobility etc. But and to me like the strongest distinction between high and lowass Instagram is the way that these groups post. Like I mean you mentioned in a video that you made on Instagram that like the higher class sort of Instagram they they don't use filters as much but they rely more on this like curated aesthetic where they just have a consistent kind of aesthetic that is that their content is imbued with and they're not putting like the puppy filter on their face. >> Another thing is if we agree we are presenting a version of ourselves at least let that version of self be cohesive. The face I'm putting forward is one that's aligned with my behavior of myself. No matter how I post, it's it is integrated to the platform because of course it has to be in the platform. It's going to shape things, but it's going to show you something consistent versus if you do a bunch of different filters now. I'm trying a bunch of different versions of self. I don't know who I am and I am trying to do anything I can to get you to like me. That's kind of what's happening on that meta level. Why people see that as as lowerass. >> Yeah. I also think that they see it as low class because maybe there's like a technical illiteracy with the platform that hasn't evolved. Like when you see people using the puppy filter on Snapchat or you see people like yeah putting the Rio di Janeiro filter maybe on like their Instagram photos in a non-ironic way like it sort of signals that like you haven't evolved with the platform and perhaps you're not keeping up with technological change and even though at the same time that like being offline is seen as aspirational those people that are offline that are upper class are also it's also important that they seem educated and you would expect them to still know how to navigate these platforms. And so I feel like part of this like idea of lowcost Instagram is like why you're using Instagram the way that somebody would have in 2014 and that signals to me that you're not very plugged in sort of culturally and maybe technologically. >> I think a good example of this is the photo dump. When the photo dump first emerged as a concept, it meant to get rid of the overcurated Instagram aesthetic. And yet there's still a sort of narrative structure to the carousel format that if you really do an Instagram dump, you start to kind of swipe through it like it's a story and you want to build it like it's a story. So the first picture tends to be like a picture of the self or like a more curated photo and then you'll have those shots with friends or the zoomed out landscape pictures and then maybe you end on a meme and that's sort of your dessert or reward for finishing a story. Once you are literate enough in the kind of semiodics of the Instagram carousel format, you begin to post more like your photo dump is a story rather than actually a mismatched accumulation of pictures. So a lower class Instagram user might actually post a different style of photo dump than a higher class Instagram user because the higher class Instagram user which again this is tied to the elitism of education and there is a a pattern of I'm literate in this platform and you are not. >> What are other things that are considered lowclass Instagram behavior? >> Definitely the emojis in the bio and the if you have like a Bible verse. Maybe that's a Christian thing, but it's still like there's some kind of what you put in the bio is also an important thing. >> Well, let's dig into the bio cuz I think you're 100% right. And we start to see these like honestly trends in bio, you know, the way that people write their bios emerge as well. I mean, I think just having like all my links or linkree or whatever signals something too. That's like maybe I don't know if it's low class but it's very influencercoded which feels low class I guess because there's nothing more sort of low class than having to shill you know yourself on the internet every day like we do of course >> again it's kind of just the same thing of how much are you saying you want to leave something up to Mr. you want to leave a joke and don't feel like you're exploiting the other person. So, if anything, everything becomes about I'm redirecting you to my business. I'm trying to get you to do something, then it's you're exploiting people and that doesn't feel good and does I I think it is tied to I want you I need you to pay attention to me versus I don't I don't care if you pay attention to me. >> If you're watching this video and you like my work, please support me on Patreon via the link below or buy a paid subscription to my tech and online culture newsletter at usermag.co. That's usermag.co. I don't have any long-term brand partnerships and a lot of my content is effectively demonetized. I've lost major brand deals for speaking out on certain issues and for challenging power. As you can imagine, advertisers are not exactly eager to work with somebody who covers a lot of the topics that I cover and talks about the things that I talk about. These videos I make are entirely funded by you and I can't continue to make them without your support. So, if you get any value out of the videos that I create and you want me to be able to create more, please support me on Patreon or Substack via the links below. On Patreon, I do bonus episodes, monthly Q&A live streams, and post frequent updates about my work. My Substack newsletter gives you a bi-weekly roundup of everything that I'm seeing and reading and paying attention to online. You can also get my newsletter on Patreon. Once again, the links to everything are below in the description. Every dollar of your support makes such a difference. Yeah, I always feel like it's it's a lot. I mean, the too many emojis in the bio, although I have emojis in my bio, but so, you know, again, I just don't want to I don't want people feel like I'm like we're punching down here, but I think it's about about the amount of information you share. I think when you look at the sort of high class Instagram people, and we're not even talking in, you know, influencers, per se. It's more just like these people that operate in more elite levels of society. I guess they don't have like everything like their school, you know, when they've been out of school for 10 years and like all this other information. And when you look at the more like lowerass Instagram, it's sometimes they'll have like their high school and college and they're even when they're like 35. It's weird. Or just like they're oversharing. There's too much information. It's like nurse, mama, blah blah blah. And it's like I don't know. There's like an element to oversharing. >> The rule of thumb is underssharing, which is kind of sad because if anything, it's more authentic to overshare. We all want to tell people where we went to high school, but it becomes that baked in elitist symbol. And that's where I think the division is between talking about these things to punch down on the lower class thing and talking about these things to raise awareness that people are having these feelings about how much you're signaling online. It's so sad that we can't just say what we want to say. I do want to say where I went to high school, but now it like seems weird to to not, you know. >> I know. I know. I know. I don't want people feeling self-conscious cuz we all engage in this stuff. And like again, I think if you make a living on the internet, you're inherently doing some lowass kind of stuff. I mean, I think of even the most famous influencer, Mr. Beast. Like, yes, he's rich, but I don't think anybody would sort of consider him like elite high class. Although, he doesn't run his own Instagram page, so maybe you know, it is like a brand Instagram page at that point. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, Mr. Beast is not the person, but this like content entity. I I think when I think high class Instagram, Bad Bunny's Instagram account is just a blank profile picture and no posts right now and he posts when something happens, but he's just got sitting on 50 million followers with nothing on his account. That is the super high class. And then the the kind of high class where you do have photos is like this upper middle class where you know the rules, but you still want people to know about you. And then you get into different kind of spheres. But yeah, there's definitely like echelons of posting behavior. And I 100% agree on the the billionaires are not even online. >> I think there's also a lot of differences in terms of consumption patterns and and use patterns among high and lowclass Instagram users. You mentioned in your video and I think this is 100% true that lowerass Instagram users are more likely to engage with quote unquote relatable content. And this is something that I know from even running a bunch of viral media company social media accounts back in the 2010s is like a lot of sort of lowerass quote unquote people will I think see themselves in these like generic relatable memes. I mean there is that whole Instagram account called middle class fancy that's just sort of like memes aimed at like mass American culture. >> A general pattern in class consumption that predates the internet that goes back to what kind of books versus magazines we're reading. what kind of TV are you watching? Is that upper class educated elites tend to pursue things that improves their status and improves their class. So if I'm an elite educated upper class person, I will actively seek out educational content on YouTube so that I can continue growing. But if that's not a consideration, if that's not something that was socialized into you because this is something that gets ingrained into class behaviors, then you do just like funny things at the end of the day. And we like there is something beautiful to the relatable meme that it just gets frowned upon through this idea in sociology of the the habitus which is the encircled feeling you get conditioned into that there's a certain type of behavior that's the correct one. >> Yeah. I mean I think it's just like also the AI content has really played a role in this. There's this idea that people, the lowerass people are just rotting their brains with AI slop and, you know, consuming brain rot all day. And it's very different from, yeah, the the high class Instagram user who only uses YouTube to watch, you know, long- form discussions of literary subjects or whatever people claim. And we all sort of flip-flop back and forth, but I do think there's some truth to this. And you know, I also think that as the media landscape in a general becomes more kind of like bifurcated and you see a lot more of the kind of like middle-of the road mainstream media news orgs go away. A lot of people like lower class people are getting their information directly from like the Hood News Instagram account clip which posts I don't know if you've ever seen that like they post the most insane headlines that are like borderline false or I'm thinking of like you know pop crave which does pop culture news or just like these types of Instagram accounts that are aimed at like consu sort of like educating people about the world in a relatable style and conversational language and this is true across sort of like demographics and then the sort of higher class people I feel like are turning more towards like newsletters, curated spaces, like products on the internet specifically like marketed towards those elite groups. There's a great paper in 2011 I think by Dana Boyd called White Flight and Network Publix and it talked about the early migration from MySpace to Facebook where the first people to join Facebook were I mean obviously it started in universities but also beyond that it's white rich people and after it had opened to the broader public there's this pattern that continues happening no matter what platforms we come up with that once a platform gets oversaturated with normal people the elite people want to flee to another platform. So there's a reason this it doesn't even exist on Instagram itself. You'll find more upper class people on Blue Sky and Substack. And at the meantime, Facebook is sitting there abandoned with what I I would I think of Facebook as like a lowerass platform because the exact same thing that happened to MySpace then happened to Facebook. A certain kind of user got baked into it and the elites continue finding new things to differentiate themselves from other people. >> Yeah. And there's so much sort of like racial politics in that as well. And obviously like obviously race and class are so intertwined, but it's really interesting to see kind of like that direct effect where people are like why is all of this stuff being shown to me? Like I am going to flee to this yeah this more sort of like curated space. In addition to Instagram, I feel like I mean these behaviors even though we're discussing it in the context of Instagram primarily because that's kind of how the discussion started to emerge online and I do think that Instagram is at this sort of like pivotal point where it's like it has reached saturation. It's inifying and people are kind of looking at it with a more critical eye. The apps that you see this class differentiation expressed I I think the most are dating apps because maybe you're so obviously trying to like market yourself on these apps. Would you say that there is like, you know, a high and lowass way of using these apps? And obviously, of course, even just the apps that are used themselves. >> People have been making fun of the man with fish in his picture idea for a while. And there's a certain type of bio and the filter use thing bleeds over to this as well where there is a higher class and lower class way of using dating apps. But of course, even which app you're on matters as well. Tinder is lower class than Hinge, which is lower class than Rya. At a certain point being on Riot also comes across as trying too hard. And the real real high class thing is just meeting people in person. But at the same time it will always bleed over these like cultural semiotics of how we're supposed to I can tell from a dating app profile like what your general income level and education is and most people can as well. And it's just kind of used to reinforce these elite circles and then you do have that same flight to other network areas idea. Well, it's so funny that Tinder is considered so low class because it truly like democratized dating in a way. It was the first major mobile dating app and it started actually in very elite circles. It started in universities in you know USC that basically they Tinder marketed itself initially by Whitney Wolf actually and the co-founder of Tinder would go to these colleges and go into elite sororities and elite frats and get them to use Tinder. And so Tinder back then in the early sort of days was this like very cool and elite app that like you know these sort of aspirational people were on as you mentioned and then the masses came on and now it's seen as like low class almost because it's too accessible. >> It's funny how much that parallels Facebook. There's this idea of territorialization and reterritorialization where anytime there's a great cultural shift like the enlightenment, the industrial revolution, the internet as a whole, the emergence of a new app in the social media or dating ecosystem or whatever and then immediately things reterize. The elites, the educated kind of groups try to find a way to continue their status and that might mean just finding another platform. It might mean redefining how to use that platform in a way that aligns with their rules. And there are certain educated elite expectations that get carried over into this. And I think this pattern is how we see things like high-income Instagram emerge in the first place or high-income dating apps or or any of that, whatever you want to call it, it's because something gets derritorialized and reterritorialized. >> It's so funny to think of Facebook, too, like when it was I'm a millennial, so like we had Facebook in college when it was still cool. And I remember at the time in the 2000s there was this website that was like sort of a competing social media platform that arose that was European. It was called a small world and the Wall Street Journal called it MySpace for millionaires and I guess it was also founded in in March 2004 like Harvey Weinstein invested in it but it was supposed to be this like version of Facebook that didn't have all these like lowclass college kids on it. It was like only for real worldly elites and I remember my friends and I like trying to get on it just to see like you know who was on there. But I think like you said, it's like this kind of tale as old as time. And I'm curious how these trends areol evolving as we move into more closed spaces and private social networks cuz it does seem like I mean people have talked about this, but in some sense it feels like the era of like big mass social media is over and as we move into these like smaller private spaces like are those class divides going to get even worse? >> I mean definitely true. We're past peak social media. We're moving back toward the in person. And it's cool to be in person again which which is a good thing I think but at the same time that is where the elitism traditionally has grown the most and you have things like that have been commented online like the rich person laugh or studying linguistics I see how there are certain ways that rich people speak or certain habits of standing or a certain volume of speaking all these things that exist in person and eventually get replicated online but you you will always have elitism anywhere where you go unless you get to the the root of the problem, >> right? Well, I think also like a lot of these issues are going to be exacerbated by AI. I mean, you mentioned kind of like the way that like rich people communicate and talk and I don't know, there are concerns I think as we move into this kind of like AI dominated world that there's kind of a lot of judgment and elitism around those AI things. Like I mean you've written yourself and I think you came on my show previously to talk about how like the M dash is seen as bad or recently as somebody that uses a lot of like you're taught actually in school I think to use like examples of three. So you'll be like giving examples and you'll be like duh duh and now this is like seen as an AI tell and I'm like wait a minute what it's made me paranoid and made me alter my writing. So I don't know I feel like AI could end up warping communication styles even further and exacerbating these kind of differences. >> I think this is really important to pay attention to. And first I want to caveat that I'm not a I don't think we should be letting AI companies off the hook and we should be scrutinizing how they affect our culture. But the fact is that that's now being turned into a class thing and we know that for example AI says the word delve more than humans do and now more humans are starting to say the word delve. Now, if you're in elite, the thing you want to do to differentiate yourself from the lower classes is to not use the word delve, to not use the mdash, to not use it's not just X, it's Y, and all these other chatbt indicators. You want to speak like a real person in person because that's also now a class symbol. At the same time, you're being affected by all these other things. Delve is like the poster child for a much larger phenomenon. And all these other words like commendable, meticulous, potential, crucial, all these are also being over represented and you're still saying them. So if anything, that's proof that you're not actually avoiding the AI. You're just doing it in a way that signals to other people that you're avoiding AI. That becomes a class thing. We should again be scrutinizing how AI is affecting our speech. I just think of also even just look at the difference in marketing between Claude and Chachi PT and how people view the different LLMs. We're already seeing class stratification where like Claude is seen as elite. They're seen as like thoughtful, worldly like you know the marketing campaigns that they've done have been in elite spaces mostly in coastal cities trying to get like you know they've they've were paying writers and media people to kind of participate in the marketing campaigns and then chat is kind of seen for the masses and then Gemini I think is seen as like bootleg like you have a Android phone probably and I think that that's interesting just like in how we use these AI products and kind of what also what these AI products like do for us and how they assist our own work and like the yeah just the class dynamic sort of built into that. >> Just look at how anthropic uses serif fonts and chatbt uses sans serif. There's something there. The serifon alone signals tradition, expertise, old-fashioned status. The sans serif signals modernity, efficiency, and now people are tying the sans serif to slop. This is one of my theories for why I think sarapons are back, which personally I like. I think they're pretty, but I probably think that because I'm socialized into liking them. But at the same time, I I think we're now associating these sans saraf fonts, which is without the little hooks on the bottom with just slop with efficient communication, and you're it's starting to get a little disgusting. But but Claude is doing a good job of marketing to rich people. And part of that is the return of the the SIF font. But absolutely, it's the same thing as the Facebook or same thing as moving off of Tinder. It's there's a certain elite group clustering in a certain area and when Claude becomes big enough, people are just going to hop to another thing. It's interesting even the way influencers post online. You need good lighting. Class will always be part of the hook. You need to hook people in somehow to convince you to watch their video. And if if I don't seem like I know what I'm talking about, you're not going to watch my video. I think I think about this a lot as an educational influencer. But in general, you will only watch the video of someone who on an immediate subconscious assessment, you respect this person. They're talking loudly. They're they have good lighting. They seem rich. All these things will get you to listen to someone. And unfortunately that means that class symbols are replicated even in how influencers talk. Of course there's dynamics that push in the other direction as well. >> Yeah. Well I also think there's this like fetishization I can never pronounce this word but anyway there is this fetishization of like lowass Instagram as well especially when reals started. I mean I think reals was seen as lowclass initially compared to Tik Tok. Mostly because a lot of like average Instagram users didn't realize that they were posting reals. One day, Instagram essentially just made any video that you posted under 90 seconds a real. And so, I think a lot of people didn't realize that their content that they thought was just sort of like personal random content was being distributed to millions of people in the reals feed. And so, you would sort of stumble. Katie Nopoulos, who's a great journalist, wrote about this, but like he was sort of just Stumble, who had these like weird videos and like peaks into sort of like people's obscure like lowerass American lives, I guess, compared to Tik Tok, which was always meant like seen as this place where like you were intentionally posting usually to become an influencer. >> There's something similar with YouTube shorts there that there's also a meta implication of who's on this platform. the people on Tik Tok chose to seek this out. By using Instagram reels or YouTube shorts, even by using it, you're kind of effectively admitting that I was on here for something else because we all were. And then I got sucked into this. It's a confession that you didn't mean to be on here. Yeah. It's so funny. People will talk about like YouTube Shorts brain and how like YouTube Shorts like it is the lowest class of all of them because people are like you you fell for the algorithm. You got sucked into this slop. And I think because so much of it is AI generated or just like movie clips, it's seen as like not thoughtful content, whereas Tik Tok is probably the most like thoughtfully analytical content compared to like all the short form platforms. But I also think it's just like been interesting to see as people um are you familiar with the resilient Jenkins? She was homeless and she was living in a hotel and she's like raising her kids and she's she's not, you know, she has no money and she's talked about like basically not having a life. But her videos were ones that initially people were like making fun of and like I think looking at like poverty porn basically and then she kind of has like gotten an audience. But of course as she's gotten an audience she's getting a lot of haters of like you're not working hard enough. You should like you're responsible for this situation that you're in whatever whatever. But I think it's like interesting to see people like her as these algorithmic feeds kind of just were getting started. They were putting a lot of lowass like content into high class people's feeds. Those people would then watch it ironically and they kind of became influencers. Now I think that that's sort of changed where I think the algorithm is like evolved enough where like you're not getting it. >> Even the platform's moving away from it. So Tik Tok's payment structure has changed now where they will only really pay you money if you have a stable camera with good lighting minute long videos. And what that means is you need the infrastructure to be able to afford that to be able to know how to set that up to be able to know how to edit it. Tik Tok has moved away from democratic communication and you know that's not even getting into changes in ownership and potentially where the algorithm has been incentivizing but they are trying to be more of a longer form prestigious platform and they have change things to align with that business priority. I mean YouTube itself is going in this way. In one sense they want to see be seen as like premium and you know a real competitor to Netflix with this like long form elite content and you know YouTube originals and then at the same time they're just feeding slop to the masses with like their you know AI generated shorts and stuff and so it does sort of seem like this weird divide. >> Yeah. No, even within that you'll always have a bifurcation of what you see. And it's strange how algorithms amplify maybe our innate inclinations pushing us down certain routes because they match us with clusters of people with similar behaviors. So what you already have going into these platforms blank slate is people with similar behaviors that are grouped by class and then that gets compounded by what is shown. So you end up h having poor people watch relatable memes and then upper class people consume intellectual content because that's what the algorithm even serves you. You don't even have a And it comes back to the agency thing a little bit as well. >> Yeah. Well, it's also like these platforms know so much. It's not even just our behavior that they're gathering data. They know your purchasing history. They know how much money you make. They probably know your zip code. Like I mean Tik Tok initially too when it when it launched it was so geographically sort of centered where you were getting a lot of content that was geographically in your area. I think of even Snapchat too where for a while Snapchat was sort of publicizing public stories and stuff and it was just trying to like but it was yeah would allow you to mostly get content from and consume content from people that are like you. So I I wonder if we're getting sort of more or less class mobility for these reasons. I mean the internet was supposed to be this democratizing force and you saw so many people kind of leverage I mean the influencer economy is but a lot of people just sort of like leveraging the attention of comedy for their own profit but it seems like as we're moving further and further into algorithms and AI and everything that like I don't know we might be getting more into our own class bubbles and it might be harder and harder as the amount of data that they collect on us grows to kind of get out of that >> right and the whole thing with the algorithms that I mentioned is now only compounded where there's more people making content like when I started out as an etmology creator I'm probably already the content is being served to like educated audiences, but now there's like a dozen atmology creators and there's a whole cluster like you're only getting certain videos that otherwise you might have had a broader spread when there was less content being uploaded. Now there's such an oversaturation that it's easier to silo people than ever along lines of of class and race and all this other stuff. Well, another thing that, you know, it's so funny when I was interviewing Kyle James Patrick, the guy who's the king of preppy old money Instagram, he actually comes from a working-class background and he doesn't come from this world. And he built this audience through curating this public brand and like really being observant over these like class signifiers and intentionally including them in his posts and all this stuff. And I just thought of that like you could do that and that's not his real name. I think it's his I think he has it he made it like his moniker. I think his real name is Kyle something else. But I I wonder as we move into this world where now of course as I've reported a lot on like Congress and everyone in power is trying to strip anonymity from the internet and tie absolutely everything you do to this mass AI surveillance state that has your name and you your real name is sort of affiliated with everything. If it will be harder for people to kind of like experiment a little bit and get out of their bubble and like you know develop their own personalities. Not that they have to like pretend to be rich online to make themselves rich, but like, you know, I feel bad for people that do grow up lowerass and maybe they want to kind of hide a little bit of personal information about themselves. And it's just increasingly hard to do that. >> That's part of the retritorialization I was talking about. When the internet first came around, it was just this incredibly democratic opportunity for anybody to have a voice regardless. And again, with with algorithmic social media, anybody initially had a voice on TikTok and now it's moved on in the other direction. But that threatens the elites. We want to maintain our kind of our cultural hegemony. We want to make sure that we are still in control and we feel, you know, concerned if that's threatened. And so we find new ways to assert our power, which is these little symbols. And it's not even on a conscious level. I don't think that most people have really thought about this or talked about this or are thinking, "Yeah, I want to assert myself over poor people." That's not really what's happening. But it it is like in our heads we are anim animalistic in-group outgroup tribalistic and we want to maintain our tribes and the the the phone thing is kind of tied to the class thing as well. >> I hate the phone thing so much. I I did this interview recently for Wired actually where they were asking about my screen time which was obscene. It was this one week that I was working so much and I honestly think my screen time was almost 17 hours a day average because >> Are you okay? >> I'm working. Trust me, I'm not. No, but by saying that I'm making this this implicit judgment about screen bad, you know. >> Well, I was talking with the editor about it, I think, cuz she was like, "Are you sure you want to like put this out there or something?" And I was like, I mean, and I sent her kind of like an average of of several weeks. I'm like, you know, it's not. And also, I do Spotify and YouTube. But here I am trying to justify it because again, it's like it's seen as like being online is really bad. And I worry about that as we move like the internet was this democratizing force and as being online is stigmatized. Like I think so much of the internet has been used to challenge power. So much information on the internet is used to challenge power. And now we're seeing elites kind of trying to reassert power on the internet and also stigmatize internet use and like stigmatize people that get their information from the internet is sort of like stupid and unreliable. >> Yeah. No. Well, mixed opinions on the information thing. One, we should always mistrust mainstream news to a degree. To a degree, but in another sense, it's complicated cuz >> the internet's also full of misinformation. I don't want to say that like you're getting 100%. We should be scrutinizing the old media, which was nice that the internet gave us alternate perspectives and ways of looking at things, but at the same time, now we're in a place where we're flooded with this clearly fake information online, slop political content that's meant to sway our opinions from god knows where. And now maybe there is a genuine need to return to more established trustworthy institutions. >> But that's what's so bad, Adam. I think that if you look at the defining political events over the past few years like Gaza like co a lot of stuff like it has been defined by actually the mainstream media really dropping the ball and people getting accurate information from the internet and like I write for mainstream media still I've worked in it for many years I I do think that there is like something to having journalism and journalistic ethics and sort of you know an institution site setting but that's being gutted and if you look at the way institutional media is going right now with like the Ellison and control and stuff. Like even journalists in mainstream media are like, I wouldn't trust I work here and I don't trust the news that comes out of this place. So I just feel like we're in this like super toxic swamp where there's like less information than ever. >> We need something to trust, but the we kind of gut that offline for the online, but then that's less trustworthy. I think about this with the move from like polling to prediction markets where prediction markets are very manipulable and malleable and that's why the poly market for well Jesus Christ return is sitting at 5% because there's a derivative market betting on that and people should be aware that these markets are not actually like as good as they might be at predicting elections. There's something to a poll where somebody actually goes out and gathers information. And yes, right now they're less accurate, but what that's doing, the prediction markets are killing the polling industry, which I find really concerning because now there's less actual real world information to gather, which is will be going more on vibes in the future if less polling exists. So, it's kind of this trade-off where yes, I agree that prediction markets literally are more accurate at modeling elections right now, but what you're doing is that is that's coming at the expense of this institutional thing. So, again, there's that balance. Yeah, I feel like we're in this like transitional time and it's really hard for people to navigate and of course like I mean all of these problems are bigger than like low class Instagram but it's interesting to see like some of these bigger issues kind of like play out through just these subtle class divides even within these mass platforms that sort of still exist >> and you'll again have that retritorialization the echoing of with the prediction markets for example there was like a French whale in poly market during the and what he did is he just commissioned his own poll and that's what's going to happen is that we're going to lose the ability and the funding for real public polling and then the rich people will privately fund polls anyway and then profit at at the expense of everybody else. And now we think it's this great democ democratic thing and it it is in a way but at the same time that should not be coming at the expense of institutional credibility in real world and I I don't I you know with mainstream news nobody at the mainstream news is actively trying to lie to you. They got a lot of problems going on with >> uh I do think that there are bad actors and that people just need to sort of take a sharper sort of eye to media. Well, I I think the broader thing I was trying to say is while the the structures can be misaligned and there can be bad actors, I really don't believe that the average journalist really wants to harm the person that's reading their article. And this could be true with with the social media ecosystem where there are like it's easier for bad actors to get distribution and get a platform. Something to pay attention to. But that that sort of like epistemic foundation of what we think is true and real and where we seek information from then kind of turns back into the class thing where the elites will have their own ways of gathering information of knowing what's true and not true and perpetuating that in their circles while lowerass people are just going to be left believing whatever they see. That's just Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then I think they have their sort of media consumption stigmatized which I hate. So yeah, it's really interesting to play it out. I definitely like when I saw your original video was like looking at my own Instagram bio like, "Oh no, I have the emojis. I have the information like this is so bad. Maybe I should make it look more, you know, high class." But >> well, beyond class, there's also just prestige and coolness. And there's something maybe millennial coded about the emojis and maybe you brought up millennials earlier, but no, hey, no offense, but there is like a coolness to Gen Z. And I'm sure we're going to be on cool and Jin Alpha is eventually going to be cooler, but there's a a point where there's a youth momentum toward a certain type of style that you need to know the indicators of. >> Yes, definitely. I think of this actually with college kids a lot. I have a bunch of cousins in college and stuff and and them and their friends like have these norms around their bios that kind of can change even like from year to year, but it's definitely like this is how like a 19-year-old posts and has their bio and these norms are accepted among these groups and they're honestly not even visible to like the average 30-year-old. >> Well, it's going to exist online. It's going to exist offline. It's just these will always be here. I also think just as surveillance takes off and like there's more and more efforts to surveil people that it's not only just like being offline that's a luxury but is just it's like having data privacy is becoming a luxury and I think of this where I was looking to get a vacuum recently like one of those like automatic sort of vacuum things. The cheaper ones are of course the ones that harvest all of your data. And same thing with televisions now. Like the cheapest smart t smart smart TVs, they they just mass harvest your data. And so I just wonder too like as these class divides proliferate outside of just social platforms but through technology as a whole like how is that going to you know affect people because it seems like like richer people are going to be able to opt out of this like surveillance advertising ecosystem and surveillance state just generally. >> I've been thinking a lot about AI generated menus recently. I go to Chinatown sometimes and I sit at the restaurant and they give me an AI generated menu. Like clearly the artwork is like from chat GPT. And my initial reaction of course is like this is gross. I want a real menu. And then I you know I think like and I'm not saying this in defense of AI particularly, but there is a a class thing here too where there's a certain level of of wealth where you can hire a graphic designer and think about what the consumer expectation is of a menu. And at the end of the day it's just like how good is the food here? That's all I I'm really here for. And it's it's sad that I have this bakedin idea that I want this elite menu with serif fonts or whatever instead of a menu somebody could afford to make. But of course now there it connects to the data privacy thing. It connects to the ecological. It connects to a lot of stuff. But our initial reaction to it, we have to remember while we're at the same time scrutinizing AI, we have to remember that we are bringing in these sort of elite attitudes about how technology is actually getting implemented. >> Yeah, 100%. And I think we can think about that, right? like as new tech rolls out and like why do we want to quit Instagram or why do we feel uncomfortable in these spaces or making these like you said like sort of like looking a skew at the AI generated menu or I went to a wedding recently where there was all the artwork was AI generated on all the invitations like oh god but >> but you you just saved thousands of dollars on like uh >> I know I know I totally I get why look weddings are expensive I think I was just like girl doesn't you don't need to do that AI art but I think it's also like yeah it's like how plug plug in are you are you even plugged in enough to know about like you know these elite sort of debates about AI and art or are you just like oh this is cool I can make like AI generated flowers on my you know on my wedding invitations now Adam thank you so much for joining me today >> thank you for having me >> all right that's it for this week's episode of power user if you like my work please please support me on Patreon via the link below or buy a paid subscription to my Substack newsletter at usermag.co Co. That's usermag.co. You can also get my newsletter on Patreon where I do a monthly bonus Q&A live stream and more. I have zero long-term advertising partnership and because of what I cover, a lot of my content ends up demonetized or with very low CPM. So, every single dollar of your support makes such a difference and ensures that I can continue to produce this show. Thank you so much and I'll be back next week with a brand new episode of Power User. See you then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaylorLorenz [28 likes]: Please support my work!!! I can only keep this podcast going because of your support. 😅🙏  
🙏 Patreon: ⁠https://www.patreon.com/taylorlorenz     ⁠ 
🗞 Buy a paid subscription to my Substack: ⁠https://www.usermag.co
  2. @drugreen123 [2 likes]: I went back for a second degree as an adult and the school tried to make me create a linked in and post my affiliation as a requirement for graduation.  I refused, lied and said i had a stalker and there was no way i was doing that. They waived it, but said it was only because i was already  employed in my field already with 10 uears of experience. Gross.
  3. @mesayingthings7063 [2 likes]: people keep associating "elite" with education and university/college when many people are not naturally elite. they were middle class and chose debt to get into spaces where these habits were developed

if you have ever been truly "elite", you did not need tinder. anything online is for the middle class to lower automatically. 

millennials were using the internet more broadly despite class because of our youth, first and foremost. of course you might be online in college but as you enter the real world, the opportunities of the elite and the reputation to up hold takes too much time for scrolling


i just don't think they have 1. the possibility to even be bored how people get bored so use the internet 2. the self-interest to show when good things happen to them (a high cost restaurant or vacation is so normalized it doesn't matter to share)

when the elite shares it's for network, branding, and business. this is why fans of celebrities say they miss the 2010s when celebs were "personable" and posted anything

and why "authenticity" has become a buzz word for millennials because all we can afford is to be personable
  4. @csurname [2 likes]: really making me glad idgaf about class
  5. @MUSIC.SUPPLY: Screw u people, this is the kind of talk that kept slavery and segregation alive and split America apart in the civil war. Just people live and be themselves. You're just describing the judgement from your perspective.
  6. @ryanfraley7113: Just use the Internet as a tool, that’s what the rich do. Entertainment is fine but use the Internet as a learning tool and not so much as social media slop.
  7. @alexjadams1970: 14:35 
Is this the low class part of the video😂
  8. @symphonicMetalheart: Use? nah -> Abuse
  9. @DetroitHimawari: This was a good listen.
  10. @perfectlamb9: Do not do these videos unless you can afford it because no one will pay you. Advice: use your energy for charity work, that will make the world better than complaint about what you cannot and will not change by talking.
  11. @ryanclose1: I feel like this is all WAYYYY too online. You might be missing that there are a lot of people that just do "elite" things because that's just what they do. I do a lot of the things you say elite people do, but I'm most certainly not "elite", nor give any thought as to what may or may not be elite. Maybe it's just because I'm old. lol
  12. @kaiaraid: The em dash is still high class if you enter it manually
  13. @OTOTannoy: honestly, i thought you had a channel that focused on topics that were far more interesting than this "deep dive" into pure superficiality
  14. @kaiaraid: Immediately self conscious
  15. @Mcdonalswarrior: Who cares!? As an artists I can’t be private and also these elites are boring and insipid anyway. Who wants to be like them?
  16. @Noumenon4Idolatry: You’re overthinking it.
Class consciousness is low class.  Lol
  17. @BobLHedd: 29:45 "... this fettuccinization of low class Instagram (reels)," it's ok @taylor we got you. 😉
  18. @RZero7: It seems that I’ve always used the internet in the way the economic elite in the US does, even though I’m middle class in a middle‑income country.
  19. @aaronbono4688: Whether a journalist wants to harm me or just doesn't care enough and just wants the things that cause them to do the things that harm me - I don't really give a crap, they're harming me and it's wrong.
  20. @salemyou: that's a well placed self promo lol

- A better way to tax the rich: Kind: captions Language: en That includes cars, houses, yachts, jewelry — and even cold, hard cash. It also includes things we owe other people, like student loans. So let's take a quick tour of American household wealth. We can start over here, where we see people who owe way more than they have. As we move further right, we can see — oh, that's me. And there's my doctor, who owns an expensive home. And there's former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson! But when we get to the very richest people in the world — oh hey, it's Beyoncé — we can zoom out so far that this chart looks like a stick and we still can't see the top of their wealth. Because these people are so much wealthier than the rest of us. In other words, this chart doesn't just show It shows the staggering wealth inequality we have in America. But recently, politicians have been talking about an idea that's never been done before in America: In January, Senator Elizabeth Warren proposed something called a "wealth tax." This was a big deal. Because this doesn’t typically get taxed. Most of the taxes we pay only happen when money changes hands — like when we earn money or spend money. But according to Warren, here's the problem with that. This bar represents my wealth. And this is my friend's wealth. I think he owns a yacht. But because both of us have the same job and earn the same amount of money, our income gets taxed about the same. "Two people who may have the same income, but are in wildly different economic circumstances." So to fix it, Warren wants to tax the actual wealth people have, but only for the very, very rich. Here's her proposal: All the wealth above this line — 50 million dollars — would be taxed at 2 percent each year. All the wealth above this line — 1 billion dollars — would be taxed at 3 percent. So if you have 40 million dollars, you'd pay nothing. If you have 60 million dollars, you'd pay nothing on your first 50 million, but 2% on the 10 million after that, or $200 thousand. And if you have 2 billion dollars, you'd pay about $49 million. So what would happen if we imposed Senator Warren's tax? Only the richest 0.05 percent of Americans would pay this tax. But in 2016, the government could have raised about 200 billion dollars from it. That could pay for a plan that makes public college tuition free — three times over. It could pay for all federal food assistance programs, like food stamps, two times over. It could get close to cutting child poverty by 60 percent. These are massive programs that would help millions of people. And what makes that possible is the huge amount of wealth stuck here, at the very, very top with the ultra rich. A wealth tax hones in on that. We've started this paid membership program called Vox Video Lab. When you sign up, you support our journalism but you also get access to some really cool exclusive content, kind of behind the scenes of what we work on. So you can join at vox.com/join. And thank you!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [3300 likes]: Would you support a wealth tax in the US? Why or why not?
  2. @TheMrDanielbaur [1 likes]: Finally - tax the rich and bring money to everyone.
Strop the corrupt billionaisrs!!!!
  3. @MrCookie-75 [1 likes]: 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
  4. @s.mmarbaniang8813: 70% tax for the rich elite
  5. @DevinPerkins19: Don't entirely like this idea. Give them an inch they will take a mile. Next thing you know all people will be getting taxed on their net worth...
  6. @TerminatorServiceCenter: How much taxes will we get if they close up shop, move out of the country and set up manufacturing elsewhere?
  7. @TerminatorServiceCenter: So billionaires can save 200 billion by simply moving out of the United States?  
got it
  8. @Alleen-Pc-Scherm: The fixed-pie fallacy strikes again.

The sad reality is that social welfare policies, like taxing the rich, further increase the wealth gap. The U.S. already has the most “progressive” tax system.

Social welfare programs paid for by taxing the rich do not help people. The economy is not fixed, and taxing the rich ultimately taxes everyone, not just “the rich.”
  9. @rerun40807: I support this bc it a drop in the bucket for the wealthy
  10. @Bastian-m3o: Not enough
  11. @ldouglassbottorff9792: No. The claims that this money could be used to help people is ridiculous. It would only give congress more money to buy votes.
  12. @proudgoyimm: Abolishing the federal reserve entirely is a much more effective option
  13. @johnbrand9179: Tax not what we earn, but on what we spend, graduated especially on  those with mega boats, cars, planes and multi million dollar homes.
  14. @VF31Rules: Why not pay down the national debt?
  15. @randykephart3661: But before they pay that tax, they will move to less socialist country
  16. @DaveMelton: Except that wealth taxes have been tried and don't really shift the needle.
  17. @alexisvladimir8148: so basically, you've got a revenue of 200 billion from wealth tax and instead of being fiscally prudent we then spend more? so when is this discussion gonna end? until the wealth tax reaches 90%? and yet we still keep going under deficit?
  18. @TheAutisticKiwi: It's very easy: Don't do it
  19. @BigluisVargas: The government deficit is about 1 Trillion every year. 200 billion not close to what government waste.
  20. @richsamuel2922: The reason this won't work is because people see themselves as being Ultra wealthy one day and they don't want to pay these taxes once they make it

- What I Saw as a Fake Billionaire | Fakes, Frauds and Scammers: Kind: captions Language: en-US As a real estate agent, you never really know who you’re dealing with. She could have been an actual billionaire. She could have been a scam artist, and I would never know the difference. This project is kind of like a Robin Hood project. I pretended to be a billionaire so I can get into the most exclusive apartments in New York. We're not just selling a building. The reason why people are living here is because of the lifestyle that we’re offering. Eighty-five million. Ten million. Sixteen million. These people are the 1 percent of the 1 percent. I think it’s really obscene that these buildings exist. Your maid would be getting ready with dinner while you’re just having one of the finest champagnes in a soaking tub with your husband. Imagine waking up every morning to these views. Gabriella... I really see you living here. [FAKE BILLIONAIRE] The cheapest property I’ve been to was 10 million, and the most expensive was 85 million. They manipulate the cities to the disadvantage of everyone else in the cities. My name is Andi Schmied, and in 2016, I spent three months in New York at an artist residency program. Basically, this whole idea started with the biggest cliché that I went up to the Empire State Building, and I saw the views. And I basically realized that there are lots of buildings that are as tall or even taller than the Empire State Building. And I just basically was really curious about what the view from those buildings looked like. That’s when I started to work on my book and my project. I chose 25 buildings, high, which were luxury towers. Ninety-three stories above the city, this is what $81 million gets you: a full penthouse, 8,400 square feet with floor to ceiling views of a metropolis. My goal was really to show those views that are considered to be the best views you can privately own in New York. First, I really just wanted to photograph the views for the book. As I was going deeper and deeper in this world, it became more and more obvious that it’s something totally bizarre and crazy. I was laying in bed, and really I was just thinking, “How could I get in those buildings?” I remember I talked about the project to the curator who was working at the residency, and she told me, “No way they would ever let you in without a credit check. The only way for that is to pretend to be a billionaire who is searching for an apartment.” From the moment that I started to work on the project, this was pretty much the only thing I could think about: write it down, check the address, go home, check if there’s any real estate available, call the agency, and usually, next day, go and see it and take a picture of the view. And so really, for three months, I was living in between this Gabriella, which was my billionaire persona, and myself, back and forth on the A line from Brooklyn to Manhattan. My name is Daniel Rosenstein. I've worked in real estate for four years. I met Andi two years ago when she was infiltrating New York’s most exclusive properties. I was doing Airbnb in my apartment in the Upper West Side. And first, I remember that he asked me, “What are you doing in New York?” And then he said he’s a real estate agent. I was actually a bit hesitant to tell him what I came here for. She told me that she was making a book. So I think at first, I was like, “Oh, is she mocking our profession? I’m just a pawn in your project here.” And then the more she was talking about it, the more I saw her point of view, which is almost nobody has access to these apartments. You have to go through a doorman. You have to reach out to a real estate agent. It’s not a normal real estate market, where you can show up to an open house. She asked a few questions, I think how to navigate getting into buildings. I told her to use the term, “We’re looking for a pied-à-terre or second home in the city.” A lot of really wealthy people look for second, third, fourth, fifth homes, and she at that point had essentially created her whole persona. Gabriella is my actual middle name because, at the beginning, I didn’t know if they would check my passport ever. And actually, at some of the properties, they did check it. And I remember, back then, I got really obsessed by many of these small details— that I need to do my nails, and I need to have proper shoes, proper bag. In order to do this project, I needed to bring my camera and photograph the view. This made me obviously very unusual in the eyes of the agents. But I also realized that the stranger I act, the more convincing it is that I’m actually a billionaire, and I just don’t give a shit. I was really, really nervous at this very first viewing. The agent started to ask me if I have a chef, if I have a nanny, if we have a private chauffeur. So I just randomly answered yes and no. And all of these answers kind of became part of what Gabriella was. Tell your husband every morning that this is really where you want to be. There are a few different types of agents. There are the ones who are very natural and just showing you, here is the kitchen, here is the bathroom, this is the price. And there is the complete other end of the spectrum. You will feel, Gabriella, it is like going on a journey from the sidewalks of 19th-century, old New York to the sidewalks of Florence. I actually might just prefer the 21st century-- Imagine your daughter running around saying words in Hungarian. It was really hard to keep a straight face in those viewings. I mean, it was really bizarre what they were telling me. Sit down, Gabriella. It really is a moment for you. Just tell your husband. He loves you, and he wants you to be happy. I’m sure he will not say no to you if you let him know this is really your first choice. Because this ultra-luxury segment of the real estate is actually now not really going that well, the newer the development, the crazier the amenities they have because there’s really this huge competition. One of the things that became an absolute standard for these buildings is the golf simulator room, Michelin-starred private restaurant in the building, theater, swimming pool, obviously. Equinox gym. They have a children’s playroom, a billiards room, a conference room, and everything in between. In one of the penthouses, it was that they would give you a yacht as a present when you buy the apartment. A yacht. So you mentioned the number of people who are actually living in poverty, according to the federal poverty numbers. But we all know, living in New York, it’s a whole different ballgame. The average rent across the city has returned to nearly pre-pandemic levels. We built fewer homes in the 2010s than in any decade going back to the 1960s. I think the way poverty is usually portrayed is from the bottom. So, talk about homelessness, or you talk about people who cannot afford housing. I think when you see it from this very top of the sphere, it somehow is also very telling. The buildings that you can see from every single corner of the city are these ultra-luxury real estate, which are not accessible for anyone, really. Apartments and buildings are standing 60 to 70 percent empty. Commercial and residential wonderland featuring some of the city’s tallest buildings and most expensive restaurants and condos. If you are looking to call Steinway Tower home, studios start at $7.7 million. Listen, not to be not sympathetic to the homeless, but if you live in One57, you’re paying millions of dollars to live there. Do you want a homeless shelter in your building? I don’t think so. We are not building enough housing for everybody who needs a place to live. Here’s what it’s like living in the smallest apartment in New York. Wherever your expectations are, lower them. So these buildings are kind of really soulless, in a sense. They are super standardized. The trends that I see in these properties are a lot of the same finishes and materials used. Some of the floor plans are the exact same. I think it’s a really challenging task to create something different when you’re working with essentially the same floor plan, which is a tall square or a rectangle in the sky. Oh, wow. Who was the interior designer? Deborah Berke. There is no one better in design at the moment. So you have always some very special type of marble in the apartment that the agents would always highlight. The marble is Siberian, which is now the best on the market. Then you would have the oak floor, which is always the best type of oak floor. And there’s really nothing that would make any of these buildings stand out, to be honest. But it’s not really surprising when you realize that it’s solely a form of investment, most of the cases. So it’s really not about living, and it’s not about having a soul. And it shows. It’s really obvious when you are there. One of the most striking things was how agents are trying to always go out of their way to tell me that no one else lives in this building, that I'm not going to have any neighbors. A lot of these Billionaires’ Row towers are investments for overseas and local people, so they’ll rent them out or they’ll just own them, have them sit empty for a number of years and resell them. It’s a safe investment. It holds value over time. But what that translates to is buildings sitting empty. There’s a trickle-down effect, so once the hyper-expensive properties become even more expensive, it raises the value of everything else beneath it. I get very often the comment that this project is kind of like a Robin Hood project, in the sense that I’m getting the views which other people or most people cannot see to the public. And it’s like being so high up, it’s cool. But then it didn’t feel good to be there, in a way. One of the very big problems of these buildings, they are casting sometimes hundreds and hundreds of meters of shadows, for example, over Central Park or over other people’s up until then sunny living rooms, or just over the streets. And so, somehow, these buildings that are not even lived in are taking away such natural things from the rest of the city as sunlight. There’s a lot of money in New York. And I think there will always continue to be a lot of money in New York. I do think it’s going to be more segregated. What I’ve learned from this project is really just how obscene differences are in society, I guess, and how this can translate into this very literal physical form in the city and how that is impacting everything around it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE [548 likes]: ¿Quieres ver el video en español? Haz clic en el botón de configuración para cambiar la pista de audio.

Want to watch this in Spanish? Head over to the settings button to change the audio track.
  2. @briancase6180 [1 likes]: A new and bizarre guilded age. This too shall pass, but will it be a violent passing, or will people wake up and vote for politicians who will change this ridiculous way of living, being.
  3. @henricarrasco7398 [1 likes]: Ciudades con edificios muy altos o rascacielos es destrucción de la vida social es una explotación capitalista
  4. @Arkansas_MadeMan [1 likes]: Man you know how much money you have to be touching to buy an $85 Million penthouse?
  5. @lillaurap [1 likes]: The way Ronald Reagan started this whole billionaire problem we have in the United States should be studied. Like a course of it's own. So people can actually understand what has happened.
  6. @lillaurap [1 likes]: A yacht as a present? 😮
  7. @Gamekingjoe777 [1 likes]: So you waste Realtors valuable time, Do you feel proud of yourself?
  8. @Mimi-kj2gi [1 likes]: Breeders and the rich destroying the earth.
Only stupid and uneducated people create to cause more suffering and pain and disguise it as a gift of life when it is not... only very intelligent people never produce.

The world has a skin and this skin has diseases. One of these diseases is called "man".
#Nietzsche
  9. @aleksandrmarkov5992: Wow, you home really looks like a seven-star luxury hotel. 
That's not a complement.
  10. @danielmoore3634: Ill take a ranch with no neighbors
  11. @do_not_trust_bjc: https://youtu.be/Tw4rScumaz0?si=DxK7jnZTPQ3t9oZp
  12. @mywitsend25: Looks like a concrete jungle to me!
  13. @Cleanliness42: It's because I'm literally at the top and peasants are at the bottom 😊
  14. @amarug: I guess I can speak of all of us of the 1% how much we HATE the 1% of the 1%
  15. @SarahTonin-qx8wy: The same in London as NYC. I worked as a concierge in Kensington in a building of over 900 luxury apartments, only 13 had people living in them. Only 1 woman came to the spa in a week but staff had to wait there all day ready to open the door for her (or any other residents) that might come in and masseuses and the life guard stayed on call all day everyday.
  16. @ZachAdams-y8f: It exists because some people can afford them. And want to live there
  17. @VileStail: There are dozens of realtor youtubers that have access to these apartments and share them for everyone to see on their channels. I don't understand the point of this video, to be honest
  18. @Hammer-f4t: A person of COLOR could NEVER pull this off, hence the Double Standard, and they wonder why we feel how we feel 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡🤬😡🤬🤬😡
  19. @sonicpalacevideos: The high end condos in Miami ask to see your financial statements before they show you.  One of my clients set up a meeting with someone who qualified to see the Porsche condos.
  20. @DStuart-s1q: Living on high floors fosters depression-it's been proven.  Live on a floor where you can see people's faces--that's key.

- How Rich People Hide Their Money: Kind: captions Language: en - The US Department of Treasury estimates that the ultra wealthy in America are skipping out on more than $160 billion worth of taxes every year, - And we know that number is impossible to imagine. So compare that to the roughly 48 billion that Penn Wharton budget model estimates the US will be spending each year for the next decade on student debt relief. An extra 160 billion could go a long way. - So how did a rich get away with it? Well, most of us are taxed on our income. We go to work, we earn a paycheck. A percentage of each paycheck goes back to the government to spend on programs and infrastructure, and we use the rest to buy groceries, pay bills, and score Beyoncé tickets. - The ultra wealthy though, don't earn much of their income from a paycheck. Instead, they grow their wealth through investments, and it's only when they sell those investments that they actually owe taxes on them. - That is, if they don't find some clever loopholes first. (playful music) - One way that the rich hide their money is by literally hiding it. Secret Swiss bank accounts or shell companies in the Cayman Islands sound like the stuff of heist movies, but some wealthy people do use foreign accounts to shield their money from the IRS's irises. - These tax havens are attractive places to stash cash and maybe not tell the US government that it's there. First, a wealthy person or maybe their financial advisor will find a country that collects low or no taxes on foreign funds stored there. But foreign banks are still supposed to report to the US on foreign accounts held by individual US citizens. So instead of putting an account in their own name, a rich person could form a fake company that doesn't really do anything and open accounts in that company's name. Popular tax haven countries like Panama and Luxembourg, will look the other way, while these anonymous company owners move money in and out of their accounts without reporting it to the IRS, - But like we all learn from the Wolf of Wall Street, this is pretty illegal. US law requires that citizens report all of their assets, even if they're stored abroad. So if the IRS catches you keeping secret foreign investments, you could get in pretty big trouble. - Lucky for the rich, there are totally legal tax havens right here in the US. In addition to the taxes we pay to the federal government, the states, and even cities we live in, can collect taxes too. So a state might collect income taxes on the money we earn, capital gains taxes on the money we make from investments, sales taxes on things we buy and property taxes on the value of our homes. But all states decide this mix a little differently. - Some states, like Washington, don't collect an income tax at all, and I'm sure it's just a coincidence that billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos have lived there for decades and eight states, including Nevada, Texas, and Florida, don't tax capital gains either. Wealthy people who want to pay the least amount of taxes may choose to live in a state that doesn't tax their income and investments. - In 2021, Washington State passed a law that allowed them to collect capital gains tax for the first time. Now, anyone who makes more than $250,000 selling investments, would owe the state 7% of anything they earn after that first 250 K. - So what did Jeff Bezos, who makes billions a year selling Amazon stock, do? He moved to Florida, where he'll keep $610 million in his pocket this year by avoiding Washington's tax on his investment gains. - For people who don't wanna play where in the world is Carmen San Diego with their dollars, there's another strategy that wealthy people use called buy, borrow die. Remember that we don't get taxed on our investments as they grow. It's only when we sell them that we get taxed, and that's why the ultra wealthy just don't sell. Instead, when they need to buy a new spaceship, they can take out loans using their investments as collateral. - Back in 2020 when we knew Elon Musk mostly as that eccentric electric car guy, he held $548 million in personal loans. That's the money he actually used to pay for utility bills, shop for groceries, or most likely pay other people to do those things for him, while the rest of his wealth was tied up in Tesla stock. - He did this again in 2022, securing $13 billion in loans that he used to buy Twitter. But because these billions are in loans, not income, Musk and other super rich investors don't have to pay taxes on that cash. - So the rich buy investments and let them grow, then borrow against those investments to fund their lifestyles. But what's the die part? - If you buy stock for $10, hold onto it for decades until it grows to be worth a thousand dollars, and then die without ever selling it, whoever you choose to inherit your estate can sell that investment, - But thanks to a tax rule called the step-up in basis, your heir doesn't owe taxes on the full $990 that your investments grew while you were alive. Instead, $1,000 becomes the new starting value. And if your heir later sells the stock for $1,200, she only pays taxes on the $200 it grew after you died. - By using the buy borrow die strategy, nobody has to pay taxes on all the capital gains that happen during your lifetime at all, which is how some of the wealthiest people in the country managed to amass billions while barely paying taxes on any of it. - But sometimes the rich do need to turn their mega investments into cash. They have some creative ways to hide that money too. Whenever they make money selling an investment that grew, the rich might also look for losses. That might mean selling off investments that are losing money at the same time. - Any money you lost gets subtracted from what you gained, and you only pay taxes on what is left over. If you have a lot of losses in one year, you can even wait to count those losses against income you have in the future. This strategy called tax loss harvesting helps rich people sell their investments at a profit, while making it look like they didn't really walk away with much. - Wealthy people can also find losses by structuring their fancy hobbies as businesses, whether it's training race horses, owning a sports team, developing luxury real estate, or buying a social media platform. The ultra wealthy can afford to start or buy businesses that they don't actually expect to live off of. So when those businesses lose money, it can actually be a good thing. - In the 1980s and nineties, when Donald Trump was just a wealthy real estate developer, he reported over a billion dollars of losses from his hotels, casinos, and apartment buildings in a single decade. - His tax returns dating back to 1985, showed that those business losses got subtracted from his income and investment gains, lowering the total he had to pay taxes on, sometimes to zero, all while getting to live in a gold-plated penthouse apartment. - ProPublica found that between 2014 and 2018, the 25 richest Americans paid only 3.4% in taxes on their total wealth increase. Meanwhile, the median American household pays about 14% of their total income. While this may seem crazy, strategies like buy, borrow, die, and tax loss harvesting are perfectly legal ways to hide your wealth, - There have been attempts to close some of these tax loopholes. In 2022, president Biden proposed that Americans with over $100 million in wealth would have to pay a 20% tax on their investment growth, even before those investments are sold. - [Julia] And senators like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren introduced a bill in 2021 that would've eliminated these step up in basis rule that allows people to inherit a lifetime of gains tax free. - Still, none of these plans have been enacted into law. Legislators are still debating how to close these tax loopholes or whether to close them at all, but the ultra wealthy don't seem too worried because the longer it takes us to figure it out, the more their hidden wealth continues to grow. - And that's our two cents. - [Katie] Thanks to our patrons for keeping Two Cents financially healthy. Click the link in the description to become a Two Cents patron. (soft music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @yusufibrahim4952 [1100 likes]: My primary concern is navigating the ongoing economic and global challenges while staying financially stable, particularly amidst the political power struggles unfolding in the U.S.
  2. @ScottEDsntKnow [1 likes]: 7:13 Almost got it past me, very sneaky. Listen closely and you will notice that she is actually comparing two completely different things, but presenting them as if they were an apples to apples comparison. In regards to the 25 richest Americans the 3.4% stat represents the % in taxes they paid on their “Overall Wealth Increase”, which she then decivingly compares this to what the  Median Household pays on their “Total Income” over the same time period. Strategically she does not also use their “Total wealth increase” as well over the same timeframe. Point being total income involves (earned income) from active work and (unearned income) ie- Profit from: selling investments, rental income, dividends, asset sales, etc. Total Wealth increase involves Earned income, unearned income. And pivotally- the increase in value of all of their held assets. ie-Stock share price appreciation, home value growth, gold/silver value increase etc. TLDR -Taxes paid in relation to Total Wealth Increase vs Total income. Conveniently paints a lopsided data illustration to drive s point of “Rich aren’t paying their share”
  3. @mjr1965 [1 likes]: Nasty little envious socialists...
  4. @milzijex7340 [1 likes]: Well if one works hard why should one feel guilty about the rewards ? Bashing the rich is not really helpful.
  5. @Nekrovski [1 likes]: Tax goes to pay the military complex, Israel,  & the corrupt,  mainly.
  6. @Singlesix6: I see, hide the money and the income from the U.S. government. The problem isn't rich people, we pay more than our so-called fair share of federal income taxes, the problem is the cheats who don't report income. Go get them.

"The top 5% of U.S. earners pay a substantial portion of federal income taxes, contributing around 61% of the total for tax year 2022, amounting to over $1.3 trillion in income taxes"
"The top 50% of U.S. earners pay the vast majority of federal income taxes, contributing around 97% to 98% of the total, with figures varying slightly by year and source, while the bottom 50% pay only 2-3%"
  7. @CathAlexandra: No capital gains taxes with loans, but what about interest and loan fees?
  8. @DeannaSouders-b1h: Deanna souders Rensselaer in how the rich hide money
  9. @WealthWorkplace: It’s wild how the rich play budgeting like 4D chess while most of us are just trying to get through the month without overdrafting—this video breaks it down in a way that’s both eye-opening and oddly empowering.
  10. @davidthomas-ot4cl: Right, I've decided I'm gonna stop working 9-5 and become a Billionaire instead.  Why didn't I choose to be a Billionaire before?  I wasted so much time!
  11. @PromiseBox2024: "...to hide their money from the IRS' irises" haha excellent writing!
  12. @christianmbenjamin: So rich people dont help with anything??  Its the working class who pay for everything???
  13. @matth9626-1: look up the GDP of the Cayman islands to see for yourself how much tax has been saved by the rich in offshore accounts not TAX
  14. @matth9626-1: every year!!!!!
  15. @yuricomrade563: Sometimes they rip the toilets from the floors in their mansions, (making them “unlivable”)…Like Billionaire governor of Illinois JB Pritzker.
  16. @romanhut2917: I wish congress and government officials wouldn’t make so much money from being in office . Make them earn minimum wage like the rest of us . I grantee the minimum wages will rise very quickly .
  17. @JairusLovell: 2:23
2:45 Washington
2:53 Capital Gains Tax
3:44 Buy Borrow Die 
3:46 Buy and Hold Investments only get taxed when sell 
3:56 Secured Loan 
4:29 Loans not Income
  18. @SaSo-zt8qd: Germany now taxes the ETFs that you don’t sell (every year). Meaning: if prices are going up one year you pay taxes for that year. If it goes down for several years you don’t pay. But if you sell with a loss at the end: you don’t get any tax payment back!
  19. @hoser7706: Shocking but very cool.
  20. @Johnsmith46392: The USA is one of the biggest offshore tax havens for the rest of the world.

- Why Is America So Rich? | 5 Minute Video: Kind: captions Language: en The United States is the world’s most prosperous economy. It’s been that way for so long -- over a hundred years -- that we take it for granted. But how did it happen? There are many answers, of course. One is that the United States values the free market over government control of the economy. But here’s a point that is seldom made: It didn’t begin that way. Before the country placed its trust in the free market, it trusted the government to make important business decisions. Or to put it another way, only after the government failed repeatedly to promote economic growth and only after private enterprise succeeded where the government failed, did the United States start to develop a world beating economy. Let’s look at three telling examples: In 1808 John Jacob Astor formed the American Fur Company and marketed American furs around the world. Europeans adored beaver hats for their peerless warmth and durability. Astor gave them what they wanted. Instead of leaving the fur business to capable entrepreneurs like Astor, the government decided it wanted to be in on the action. So, it subsidized its own fur company run by a self-promoting government official named Thomas McKenney. McKenney should have won the competition. After all, he had the federal government backing him. But while Astor employed hundreds of people and still made a tidy profit, McKenney’s company lost money every year. Finally, Congress in 1822, came to its senses and ended the subsidies for McKenney and his associates. A similar situation developed in the 1840’s around the telegraph. The telegraph was the first step toward the instant communication we have today. Invented by Samuel Morse, the telegraph transmitted sound – as dots and dashes representing letters of the alphabet. Morse, more of an idealist than businessman, agreed to let the government own and operate the telegraph “in the national interest.” But the government steadily lost money each month it operated the telegraph. During 1845, expenditures for the telegraph exceeded revenue by six-to-one and sometimes by ten-to-one. Seeing no value in the invention, Congress turned the money-loser over to private enterprise. In the hands of entrepreneurs, the business took off. Telegraph promoters showed the press how it could instantly report stories occurring hundreds of miles away. Bankers, stock brokers and insurance companies saw how they could instantly monitor investments near and far. As the quality of service improved, telegraph lines were strung across the country – from 40 miles of wire in 1846 to 23,000 miles in 1852. By the 1860s, the U.S. had a transcontinental telegraph wire. And by the end of that decade entrepreneurs had strung a telegraph cable across the Atlantic Ocean. Why didn’t the US government profitably use what Morse had invented? Part of the answer is that the incentives for bureaucrats differ sharply from those of entrepreneurs. When government operated the telegraph, Washington bureaucrats received no profits from the messages they sent, and the cash they lost was the taxpayers’, not their own. So government officials had no incentive to improve service, to find new customers, or to expand to more cities. But entrepreneurs like Ezra Cornell, the founder of Western Union, did. Cheaper, better service meant more customers and more profits. Just fifteen years after Congress privatized the telegraph, both the costs of construction and the rates for service linking the major cities were as little as one-tenth of the original rates established by Washington. In the steamship business, we see the story repeated yet again. During the 1840s, regular steamship travel began between New York and England. The government placed its bets on ship owner Edward Collins, a man more skilled at political lobbying than at business. While Congress funded Collins, Cornelius Vanderbilt started his own steamship company. Vanderbilt cut the costs of travel, filled his ships with eager passengers, and built a fabulously successful business, soon leaving Collins in his wake. Collins failed because he didn’t feel a need to improve, or even provide safe and regular service (for example, two of his four ships sank, killing hundreds of passengers). If he lost money, there was always another politician to appeal to. Vanderbilt, in contrast, had to serve his customers or he would have lost his company. You’d think we would have learned our lesson by now: economic prosperity comes from free enterprise, not from government subsidies. But it's a lesson we have to learn every generation. I’m Burton Folsom, Professor of History at Hillsdale College, for Prager University.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thelibyanplzcomeback [1 likes]: PragerU's economic views = 🏈🧨🗽🇺🇸👍😎

PragerU's social views = 🤮🤮🤮🤮
  2. @kennethchao1678: Market market market market - free + voluntary - all free free free - no force used- all free free😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @CS-007-PDX: The question arises. Is there anything the government does well? We trust them with the military. They seem to do all right, but how much of that depends on private contracts? The IRS does a great job taking a chunk of my earnings to fund the IRS.
  4. @ryaj2356: This video is misleading. America isn’t rich, it’s only because of the ending of the 1945 world war and becoming the world reserve currency that was tied to a gold standard. That’s how we got rich and the politics began to destroy our money since.
  5. @GenaiCollaborationProductivity: America is not rich. There are more homeless people in America than other countries, Technology area, China is leading.
  6. @MartKasq: US is not that rich considering your  national debt 120% BNP. There are far better economies with free market such as Switzerland, Sweden, Netherland. US has a lot of inventions and big tech but all in all you need more than that.
  7. @jamesmoore2143: In God we trust 🙏
  8. @burt000edit000: this silly video doesn't have any meaning after 8 years --- Mai 2025
  9. @Daniel-es9dq: Why is America so rich as standard of living falls
  10. @YesUNIVERSEWORLDKING: HUMANITY lives matter Yes
  11. @FrederickSmith-p6d: Which ever country has the best and most innovation and or technology then it will be best for investors,  1st it was Egypt then Rome then Spain then France the England now United States , since United States or Japan created Bitcoin or Block chain then one of those 2 will  be nunber 1 for investors
  12. @吃肉撸铁: Finally finished all videos older than 8 yrs old on this channel 😂
  13. @Katsr-d6d: We are not rich. Very few of us can even afford housing. We are a country of poor people ran and controlled by the rich. Everyone kiss the golden ring bow down to your leaders. America is going to fall.
  14. @joebloggs396: The victory of colonialism.  Take land, resources and then depopulate elsewhere.
  15. @vortbio: This doesn't explain anything. Loads of countries have similarly free markets and they are not doing nearly as well.
  16. @ApinderSingh-b2c: (Honest leadership simple answer)
  17. @sharadjain2463: USA is rich because of Petrodollar not capitalism or socialism etc.
  18. @dunbar1100: The answer is 400 years of slavery.
  19. @mindwatcher4169: You forgot to factor in free slave labor - typical white view
  20. @hasletjoe5984: The US is not really wealthy at all. It is all smoke and mirrors at this point. The wealth of a nation is based off their citizens and their skills/abilities to deliver. The US no longer has that advantage. We are in the midst of the greatest collapse in the history of the world. Brought to you by greed, and the current Left leaning education system.

- Germany: The discreet lives of the super rich | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: id Jerman super kaya. Tidak ada negara Eropa lain yang memiliki miliarder sebanyak Jerman. Dan sementara kekayaan mereka bertambah, semakin banyak orang Jerman hidup di bawah garis kemiskinan yang ditetapkan Organisasi untuk Kerjasama Ekonomi dan Pembangunan OECD. Pers sering melaporkan tingginya ketidaksetaraan pendapatan negara itu dan mobilitas sosial yang rendah. Tetapi sedikit yang diketahui tentang orang super kaya. Tentu uang menarik sukses dan sukses menarik uang. Saya percaya itu. Saya telah alami sendiri bagaimana Anda tiba-tiba bisa terhubung dengan orang-orang yang sebelumnya tidak terjangkau. Siapakah orang-orang super kaya Jerman? Bagaimana mereka hidup? Dan bagaimana mereka melihat negara tempat mereka tinggal? Cara orang-orang kaya di Jerman dibicarakan mengganggu saya, karena itu sensasional dan memalukan, dan sama sekali tidak mencerminkan apa yang telah dilakukan orang kaya, dan terus dilakukan, untuk negara ini. Ini menciptakan kesan orang kaya seperti Paman Gober Bebek. Bahwa mereka punya gudang uang tempat mereka berendam dalam koin mereka. Paman Gober ingin lebih, lebih, lebih banyak! Itu bukan dunia saya. Saya suka mendapatkan uang, tapi bukan berenang di dalamnya. Kami ingin menilik lebih dekat dunia terpisah orang ultrakaya di Jerman - para pemilik dan pewaris perusahaan bernilai miliaran. Kami ingin mengetahui apa yang memotivasi mereka yang berada di peringkat puncak dunia. PERINGKAT PUNCAK DUNIA Kehidupan Tersendiri Para Super Kaya Film karya Florian Opitz Setiap tahun sebuah acara eksklusif berlangsung di Schlosshotel Kronberg dekat Frankfurt, di mana publik tidak diundang. Itu adalah malam "Hall of Fame" tahunan, untuk majalah bulanan Manager Magazine. Hampir tidak ada acara lain di Jerman yang menarik begitu banyak pemilik bisnis kaya. Para moderator yang terhormat, anggota dewan juri yang baik, hadirin yang terhormat, Selamat datang di Hall of Fame Manager Magazine. Ketika kami pertama kali membentuk Hall of Fame pada tahun 1992, kami ingin mengambil sikap untuk keunggulan dan kewirausahaan tanpa syarat, dan melawan hal yang bersifat pengecut dan rata-rata. Kami memulai nominasi kami hari ini dengan Ralph Dommermuth. Perusahaannya, United Internet, bernilai sekitar 11 miliar dan pada daftar kami untuk orang terkaya di Jerman, ia di peringkat ke-25 dengan kekayaan pribadi sebesar 4,5 miliar Euro. Secara kolektif para tamu pada malam yang elegan ini bernilai miliaran Euro. Inilah wajah kekayaan di Jerman: terutama pria. Dan meskipun kami dekat dengan orang super kaya di sini, dunia mereka entah bagaimana tetap tidak terjangkau. Hamburg, rumah bagi induk perusahaan Manager Magazine, Grup Spiegel. Hampir tidak ada publikasi yang melaporkan tentang orang-orang Jerman yang ultrakaya. Setiap tahun tim majalah itu mengumpulkan informasi tentang orang kaya Jerman dan - menggunakan model Forbes - membuat edisi khusus dengan daftar 1001 orang terkaya Jerman. Ini pekerjaan yang susah payah. Berapa miliarder yang ada di sana sekarang? 180 hingga 190? Tahun lalu 136, betul? Tidak. Tahun lalu ada sekitar 170. 170, oke. Siapa yang ingin masuk dalam daftar 1001 orang Jerman terkaya kami, perlu memiliki sekitar 100 juta. Itu tidak harus berupa uang di bank. Kebanyakan orang memilikinya sebagai aset atau sebagai properti. Tapi itulah stadion yang kami cari untuk berada dalam daftar orang-orang Jerman terkaya kami. Pemimpin redaksi Steffen Klusmann telah berada di sekitar orang Jerman ultrakaya selama bertahun-tahun. Apa yang diperlukan untuk masuk dalam daftar? Saya akan mengatakan, 150 tempat teratas dalam daftar kami akan selalu menjadi milik pemilik perusahaan dan ahli waris. Bahkan jika Anda seorang dokter kepala, Anda harus melihat banyak pasien untuk menjadi miliarder. Manajer juga mengalami kesulitan untuk mencapai setinggi itu. Di sini, di Jerman ada perdebatan tentang apakah kepala perusahaan DAX berpenghasilan terlalu banyak. Tapi jika Anda membandingkannya dengan orang-orang pada posisi serupa di AS, Inggris atau Cina dapatkan, itu sangat kecil. Jadi itu saja tidak akan pernah bisa membuat orang menjadi salah satu yang benar-benar ultrakaya. Membuat daftar orang terkaya, terutama sangat sulit di Jerman. Itu bukan karena jumlah mereka kurang. Dia entah bagaimana berhasil mengumpulkan kerajaan dan kekayaan besar ini hanya dalam beberapa tahun. Kekayaannya diperkirakan sekitar empat miliar. Dia adalah orang Jerman super kaya paling tidak dikenal. Apa dia akan membiarkan kita mewawancarainya di rumah? Mereka lebih suka terbang di bawah radar untuk menghindari rasa iri. Orang super kaya tidak suka membicarakan dirinya sendiri, begitu bisa dikatakan. Ya, Anda biasanya hanya bisa mendapatkan wawancara di rumah dengan mereka yang berada di liga kedua. Di sana Anda akan selalu mendapatkan orang yang menyukai publisitas. Seperti Bapak Maschmeyer misalnya. Mendapat foto bagus dari Bapak Maschmeyer tidak pernah menjadi masalah. Tetapi "uang" yang asli tetap menyembunyikan diri. Orang super kaya mencoba untuk tidak menarik perhatian. Kadang-kadang mereka bahkan mencoba bersembunyi. Beberapa orang tidak ada fotonya dalam daftar kami. Anda tak akan temukan satu gambar pun jika Anda pergi online dan mencari mereka di Google. Belum ada foto Reimann, keluarga terkaya Jerman, untuk beberapa dekade. Banyak yang tetap bersembunyi karena mereka ingin menjalani hidup normal dan berpikir mereka tidak akan bisa melakukan itu jika mereka dikenal sebagai multimiliarder. Selama berbulan-bulan permintaan wawancara kami ditolak, pengambilan gambar film yang disetujui dibatalkan pada menit terakhir. Tidak ada dari orang kaya yang mau berbicara dengan kami tentang uang. Akhirnya, kami beruntung di pusat keuangan Frankfurt. Di sini, di lokasi utama yang terletak di belakang menara-menara bank, terdapat perusahaan manajemen aset Focam. Focam mengelola kekayaan keluarga bisnis Jerman. Pimpinannya, Christian von Bechtolsheim, memberi sejumlah wawasan mengapa orang-orang Jerman yang kaya, sangat pemalu. Banyak orang Jerman yang kaya enggan melangkah keluar ke mata publik karena mereka khawatir mereka dapat dilihat secara negatif. Mereka bertanya pada diri sendiri: ‘apa yang saya peroleh dari menunjukkan diri kepada publik? Itu tidak memberi saya apa pun. Sebaliknya, itu bisa menyebabkan orang gila memperhatikan dan membobol rumah saya atau menculik salah satu anak saya.’ Dan ketakutan itu bukan tanpa alasan. Lalu, ada juga fakta bahwa banyak ahli waris yang mewarisi kekayaan, yang entah bagaimana dinodai oleh atau terkait dengan Jerman NAZI atau Reich Ketiga. Jajaran atas orang kaya Jerman menghindari publisitas seolah-olah itu wabah. Tapi apa yang begitu mereka takutkan? Saya bertanya kepada sejumlah teman saya apakah mereka mau diwawancarai untuk film ini, dan masing-masing mengatakan tidak. Kata mereka, ‘orang lain bisa melakukannya lebih baik dibanding saya, saya tak bisa melakukan dengan benar, saya mungkin akan membuat salah.’ Mereka pikir mereka memiliki lebih banyak kerugian daripada manfaat. Setelah banyak bolak-balik dengan tim persnya, seorang Jerman ultrakaya, setuju untuk bertemu kami. Michael Otto adalah Ketua Dewan Pengawas Grup Otto dan salah satu dari sepuluh orang Jerman terkaya. Kami bertanya kepadanya mengapa orang Jerman enggan memamerkan kekayaan mereka. Banyak yang khawatir hal itu akan menimbulkan kecemburuan. Di Amerika Serikat, prestasi dan kekayaan dilihat secara sangat positif. Tapi di sini mereka membawa sisa rasa pahit: ‘Dari mana kekayaannya berasal atau bagaimana dia memperoleh kekayaannya?’ Itu membuat sejumlah orang takut. Saya pikir banyak orang merasa kekayaan mereka sendiri agak memuakkan. Saya sama sekali tidak. Saya suka itu. Dirk Rossmann besar dalam kondisi miskin. Ibunya mengelola toko obat kecil di Hannover pasca perang. Putranya memiliki rencana yang lebih besar. Tahun 1972, gagasan untuk membuka toko produk kesehatan swalayan pertama di Jerman muncul padanya. Hari ini, dia multimiliarder. Mengapa dia senang menjadi sorotan? Pada tahun-tahun awal itu hanya tentang menempatkan nama Rossmann di luar sana. Jadi ketika saya diundang ke sebuah acara talk-show di acara regional kecil, saya suka pergi karena saya berpikir: "publisitas gratis untuk perusahaan saya". Tetapi dua atau tiga tahun yang lalu saya mulai memahami bahwa pria yang sedikit botak ini, yang giginya tidak sempurna, haus akan pengakuan bagi dirinya sendiri. Kala itu saya pikir saya memasuki pusat perhatian untuk mempromosikan perusahaan. Namun semua orang merasionalkan motif mereka, dan saya juga. Dalam empat puluh tahun, Rossmann menjadi rantai drugstore paling mencetak laba di Eropa, dengan toko-toko di enam negara. Pada 2018, total 56 ribu orang bekerja untuk rantai drugstore itu. Rossmann aktif di bidang bisnis lain juga, dan ia berspekulasi di pasar saham. Masukkan 10.000 lagi...Tepat. Batasnya 36,75 ... Oke, terima kasih. Sampai jumpa. Saya punya beberapa investasi ekuitas pribadi. Yang terbesar bernilai antara 80 dan 100 juta, tergantung pada harga bursa. Jadi itu angka yang adil. Dan kemudian ada juga andil saham... di berbagai industri. Untuk merinci itu semua akan membosankan. Anda masih masuk kategori UKM - Usaha Kecil Menengah. Mengapa menurut Anda begitu? Saya tidak begitu tahu. Dengan 55.000 karyawan, Anda bukan lagi perusahaan menengah. Anda berada di liga lain. Kami kembali ke Manager Magazine di Hamburg di mana foto-foto untuk edisi khusus sedang dipilih. Daftar orang-orang Jerman terkaya mencakup banyak pemilik perusahaan dari apa yang disebut bisnis kelas menengah. Ini adalah kekhasan Jerman. Dan itu bukan satu-satunya. Kisah sampul untuk topik saat ini adalah tahun lalu, terjadi hujan uang pada orang super kaya Jerman. Di atas sini kita memiliki Schaeffler, ibu pemimpin dan putranya: yang kini ia memiliki 80 persen, sang ibu hanya memegang 20. Schaeffler telah berada di puncak daftar kami selama bertahun-tahun. Saya harus memeriksa dengan tepat berapa nilainya, tapi sekitar 20 miliar, ditambah atau dikurangi sedikit. Di bawah sini kita memiliki Ibu Bagel-Trah, kepala klan Henkel. Ia orang nomor satu, dan sejauh ini satu-satunya wanita yang menjadi Ketua Dewan Pengawas pada satu dari 30 perusahaan DAX. Ekonomi Jerman masih sangat didominasi oleh pria. Yang menarik adalah jika Anda membandingkan daftar kami di sini, dengan daftar orang yang sangat kaya di Amerika Serikat, kami memiliki banyak uang lama; perusahaan lama yang telah berdiri selama beberapa dekade. Di Amerika Serikat, Anda memiliki semua pemuda - mulai dari Facebook, Google, Snapchat, dsb - yang telah menggelembung ke bagian atas daftar. Kami tidak memiliki hal semacam itu di sini. Dan dibandingkan dengan negara lain, Jerman sangat segan menunjukkan kekayaan mereka. Sangat sedikit orang Jerman yang berlayar dengan kapal seperti ini. Biasanya itu orang Amerika, Rusia, Cina, dan sebagainya. Di sini Anda tidak menunjukkan uang Anda. Anda mungkin punya berbagai rumah, villa, dan lainnya. Tapi paling mungkin ada Volkswagen yang diparkir di depan rumah. Tampaknya, rata-rata orang ultrakaya Jerman jarang mencolok. Tidak seperti di Amerika Serikat, atlet, aktor dan tokoh televisi, jarang masuk dalam daftar Jerman. Meskipun kami berusaha sepenuh hati dan tenaga memprediksi kekayaan ini, jumlahnya mungkin jauh lebih besar. Terutama jika kita berbicara tentang real estate perkotaan, di mana harga-harga telah meledak selama 10 tahun terakhir. Banyak orang menggandakan aset properti mereka. Jadi, jika Anda mulai dengan lima miliar di pasar itu, Anda mungkin memiliki 10 atau 15 miliar hari ini. Uang menghasilkan uang! Tapi sementara kekayaan orang Jerman kaya telah meledak sejak krisis keuangan - karena kenaikan nilai real estate, saham dan aset - mereka yang berpenghasilan rata-rata harus menelan kerugian. Bahkan lembaga ekonomi liberal pun prihatin tentang ketimpangan sosial di Jerman. Bagaimana orang super kaya melihat perbedaan ini? Judul berita di koran berbunyi: "Orang kaya semakin kaya dan semakin kaya." Yang adalah benar. Orang kaya semakin kaya. Itu adalah benar. Tapi itu juga salah. Ada 20 juta warga di Jerman, yang memiliki aset bernilai antara 100.000 hingga satu juta. Jadi jutaan orang menjadi semakin kaya. Sekarang, orang kaya semakin kaya bahkan lebih cepat, karena salah satu faktor mungkin mereka bisa mendedikasikan lebih banyak waktu untuk menambah kekayaan mereka. Sahra Wagenknecht dari partai Kiri mungkin akan berkata: "pisahkan kekayaan Anda!" Tapi respons saya adalah saya juga berbuat hal bagi dunia tempat saya tinggal, saya tidak hanya mengambil. Meskipun saya bukan seorang sosialis. Saya hanya dapat melakukan hal-hal karena saya memiliki 'hal-hal'. Michael Otto adalah salah satu orang kaya yang kekayaannya meningkat. Ia berhasil mengalihkan bisnis pesanan lewat paketnya menjadi perusahaan digital. Lebih dari dua puluh perusahaan sekarang milik grup Otto. Kami ingin tahu bagaimana Otto melihat debat tentang kaya dan miskin. Apakah yang kaya memahami kekhawatiran yang miskin? Saat orang-orang membahas orang-orang di atas yang tidak mengerti mereka yang di bawah, saya tidak akan mengatakan itu berlaku untuk saya. Karena saya tidak dilahirkan kaya. Saya datang ke Hamburg sebagai pengungsi dari Prusia Barat dan ayah saya harus memulai dari awal. Itu sebabnya saya benar-benar mengerti orang yang hidup dalam kemiskinan saat ini. Di sisi lain, saya juga mengatakan jika Jerman mendapatkan semakin banyak jutawan, artinya orang-orang dengan usaha kecil atau menengah - karena umumnya para jutawan itu membangun bisnis yang mereka jalankan sekarang - maka saya pikir itu hebat. Karena mereka adalah orang-orang yang menciptakan pekerjaan. Bagi saya, itu yang penting dalam perdebatan ini. Kita harus berfokus pada hal itu, dan bukan kaya versus miskin. Memastikan bahwa kekayaan keluarga kaya dapat meningkat meskipun tingkat bunga nol persen saat ini adalah misi perusahaan Christian von Bechtolsheim. ...Terima kasih atas undangannya. Untuk mengubah sedikit nuansa secara singkat... Setiap hari, ia dan karyawannya mengirimkan peluang investasi dari bank dan entitas lain yang diberikan secara eksklusif kepada kliennya yang kaya. Ini adalah cara untuk menyajikan penawaran kepada beberapa klien yang berharga dan Focam. Adilkah orang-orang kaya Jerman bisa menambah kekayaannya, sementara penduduk lainnya tertinggal di belakang? Saya pikir sulit untuk menerapkan istilah seperti kesamaan dan keadilan dalam hal distribusi kekayaan. Saya akan berkata, di sini di Jerman kami lebih baik daripada sebelumnya, dan orang-orang di sini hidup dalam keadaan di atas rata-rata. Bagaimana pun, kami harus memastikan kesenjangan antara kaya dan miskin tidak menjadi terlalu lebar, karena kami tidak ingin konflik sosial seperti di Amerika Serikat atau Amerika Latin terjadi di sini. Perusahaan von Bechtolsheim Focam, adalah apa yang disebut 'multi-family office'. Family office mengurus kebutuhan keluarga yang sangat kaya, mengelola dan meningkatkan aset mereka. Baru ada gunanya untuk menggunakan jasa family office jika kekayaan Anda berada di atas 30 juta Euro. Siapa yang mampu membayar hal seperti itu? Nah, family office seperti milik kami jelas tidak dapat membicarakan klien-kliennya. Kami memiliki keluarga-keluarga bisnis Jerman yang terkenal. Itu adalah profil khas klien kami. Seseorang yang adalah atau pernah menjadi pemilik perusahaan berpikir berbeda dengan seseorang yang menempuh hidupnya sebagai karyawan. Atau mereka adalah keluarga yang sudah lama memiliki uang, jadi kekayaan bisa dikatakan ada dalam gen mereka. Dan kemudian ada keluarga, yang baru saja memasuki kekayaan mereka - yang masih memompa dengan energi kewirausahaan. Mereka biasanya sangat berbeda dari ahli waris. Rainer Schaller tampaknya memiliki banyak energi wirausaha ini. Perusahaannya adalah McFit, rantai studio kebugaran terbesar di Eropa. Kantor pusatnya berada di pabrik roti tua di Berlin. Rainer Schaller memulai itu dari kecil. Tapi hari ini, kekayaannya bernilai 250 juta Euro. Saya lahir di dekat Bamberg dan besar di sebuah desa kecil. Biasanya di desa, Anda melakukan olahraga yang tersedia, dan ketika saya berusia sekitar 15, 16 tahun, panutan saya adalah Arnold Schwarzenegger dan Stallone. Itulah mengapa saya masuk ke dunia fitness. Schaller lulus sekolah menengah lalu menyelesaikan magang wiraniaga, dan menjadi manajer tiga supermarket. Kemudian dia memutuskan untuk memulai sesuatu yang baru. Ketika saya berusia 25 tahun saya memutuskan untuk beralih ke industri jasa kebugaran. Ide saya adalah membuka pusat kebugaran di mana semua orang bisa berlatih, terlepas dari penghasilannya. Itu ide awalnya. Dan saya punya tujuan besar. Saya ingin menjadi orang nomor satu di Eropa. Tapi hanya itu yang saya miliki, saya tidak memiliki biaya. Saat itu tahun 1997 ketika Schaller membuka studio kebugaran pertamanya di Würzburg dekat dengan desa asalnya. Ia memanfaatkan sejumlah metode yang tidak biasa. Würzburg adalah langkah besar bagi saya. Saya membuka studio kebugaran pertama saya di sana dengan slogan "Sekarang juga di Würzburg!" yang dilihat orang sebagai lelucon pemasaran. Karena konsumen datang kepada saya dan bertanya di mana lagi kami memiliki studio. Jadi saya memikirkannya dan membuat lelucon pemasaran berikutnya: "Segera juga di Erlangen." Itu berhasil dan juga menempatkan saya di jalur pergi dari Würzburg ke Erlangen. Dan kemudian itu berkembang dari sana. Sepuluh tahun kemudian Rainer Schaller mencapai tujuannya. Dia Nomor Satu di Eropa dan masih terus berekspansi. McFit sekarang memiliki 10 perusahaan jasa kebugaran serta agensi modelnya sendiri. Sementara itu Schaller bersiap-siap untuk membuka studio kebugaran di Amerika Serikat. Menjadi Nomor 1 jauh lebih mudah daripada tetap Nomor 1. Saya pikir jika Anda ingin sukses, Anda harus menjadi sedikit binatang alfa dalam diri Anda. Investor mungkin akan memilih merek dan berkata, “Oke, itu bisa berhasil. Saya suka,” meskipun mungkin dua langkah terlalu jauh bagi banyak orang. Tetapi jika seseorang tidak ingin terlibat dengan kami karena itu, apa masalahnya! Saya yakin, hal yang lebih mudah bagi Anda jika Anda telah berjuang sampai ke puncak dan meraih kesuksesan. Klien merasakannya, dan begitu juga mitra-mitra. Saya pikir itu situasi kami. Itulah sebabnya saya juga bisa membayangkan seseorang yang mewarisi sesuatu, atau mengambil alih - atau bahkan harus mengambil alih perusahaan pada generasi kedua atau ketiga - akan memiliki waktu yang jauh lebih sulit. Tetapi ada banyak ahli waris di Jerman. Kekayaan besar dan ribuan perusahaan telah diwariskan dari satu generasi ke generasi berikutnya. Ada ahli waris yang tidak mau, dan lainnya, yang tidak boleh mengambil alih bisnis orang tua mereka. Penerus memiliki makna sangat penting di antara mereka yang terkaya di Jerman. Michael Otto mewarisi perusahaan pengiriman barang lewat paket dari ayahnya dan secara sukses mengelolanya. Akan lebih sulit bagi anak-anak saya, karena kini Grup Otto memiliki 123 perusahaan di lebih dari 30 negara. Saya mengenal setiap perusahaan, apakah karena saya terlibat ketika itu didirikan atau karena saya memimpin negosiasi pengambilalihan. Tapi anak-anak saya belum mengenal banyak perusahaan. Anak-anak Otto memilih menentang penerusan secara langsung. Saya pikir penting untuk memberi anak-anak pilihan, tanpa menekan mereka, jadi Anda tidak memaksa mereka memasuki sebuah peran. Saya pikir kesalahan itu sering terjadi dan saya katakan itu buruk bagi anak-anak dan perusahaan. Jadi sekarang kita punya satu titik penjualan? Burgwedel? Apa kamu agak lelah? Ya. Sudah beberapa hari ini melelahkan. Dalam 10 menit saya akan fit lagi. Itu hanya 'bum, bum, bum'. Dirk Rossmann juga menghabiskan waktu lama mempertimbangkan siapa akan menjadi penggantinya. Itu sekarang sudah diputuskan. Raoul Rossmann, yang lebih muda dari dua putranya, akan mengambil alih sebagai pimpinan rantai drugstore. Raoul, apa kita menjual banyak benang wol? Itu bukan secara tepat bagian dari kisaran drugstore. Trennya sudah berlalu. Itu besar pada tahun 2016, sudah menurun tahun 2017, dan itu mengalami stagnasi pada 2018. Tapi bukan produk terburuk yang kita punya dan masih memasukkan sejumlah pendapatan. Ayah Raoul harus menunjukkan kepadanya daya tarik untuk menjadi penanggung jawab. Saat anak-anak itu semakin dilibatkan, saya pikir 'oh kini kita tidak bisa melihat seolah-olah bisnis drugstore hanya tentang menghasilkan uang.' Jadi saya tunjukkan kepada mereka kami juga aktif dalam masalah sosial, di Afrika dan sebagainya. Saya selalu tunjukkan pada putra-putra saya, apa yang kami lakukan bukan hanya menghasilkan uang, ini juga tentang bertanggung jawab atas orang lain. Ketika masih kecil saya ingin menjadi sutradara film. Itu selalu impian saya. Masih hari ini. Saya selalu berpikir, tidak, saya tidak ingin dia menjadi sutradara. Saya ingin dia ada di perusahaan... Jadi saya berkata: Raoul, silakan dan jadilah sutradara. Tapi menjadi direktur perusahaan besar juga menyenangkan. Jadi saya sedikit memanipulasi dia. Saya sering ditanya apakah saya merasa bersaing dengan ayah saya. Dan tentu ia membangun perusahaan besar ini yang hanya akan saya ambil alih. Tapi sangat sulit untuk mempertahankan sesuatu saat ini. Periode pendirian memiliki tantangan tersendiri. Memiliki gagasan untuk mendirikan drugstore swalayan saja sudah hal yang sangat inovatif. Tapi perjuangan untuk bertahan hidup semakin sulit, dan itulah yang saya alami. Semua orang di keluarga saya ingin handal dalam olahraga. Ayah saya dan saya saling bertarung dalam tenis. Kami semua saling bersaing. Dan itu juga membentuk pandangan kami tentang kehidupan, atau setidaknya pandangan saya. Terlepas dari persaingan mereka, keluarga Rossmann mencapai kesepakatan harmonis terkait masalah penerus. Bermain melawan Raoul cukup sulit bagi saya. Saya biasanya lebih suka bermain ganda, itu lebih cocok untuk usia saya. Saya mulai khawatir sedikit tentang dirimu. Kamu cemas tentang saya? Raoul, dengan warisanmu saya tidak akan khawatir. Saya merasa lega dengan itu. Memilih ahli waris dan penerus biasanya tidak cukup damai seperti pada keluarga Rossmann. Christian von Bechtolsheim telah melihat banyak perselisihan warisan dalam keluarga kaya. Adalah tugasnya untuk melestarikan aset keluarga dan melindunginya dari segala macam bahaya. Mempertahankan kekayaan keluarga selama beberapa generasi adalah sangat sulit, karena ia terancam terbagi-bagi melalui warisan, dari perselisihan kekayaan, dari pengambilalihan, dari perang, atau hanya dari kebodohan. Kebanyakan keluarga akan mengalami satu atau semua ini terjadi pada mereka. Hanya segelintir keluarga yang berhasil bertahan kurang lebih selama berabad-abad, tapi mereka yang berada di atas telah berganti berkali-kali. Von Bechtolsheim berbicara dari pengalaman pribadi. Sejarah keluarganya sendiri sudah ada sejak 900 tahun yang lalu. Saya punya nama sangat panjang, setidaknya pada akte kelahiran saya. Ada enam nama yang diberikan: Christian, Lothar, Ludwig, Hugo, Wilhelm dan Maria - sebagai seorang Katolik yang baik. Diikuti oleh "Baron von Mauchenheim genannt Bechtolsheim." Tapi di tempat kerja saya biasanya dipanggil Bapak von Bechtolsheim dan di acara sosial Baron atau Lord Baron. Baron von Bechtolsheim adalah penerus tidak langsung dari Fugger, keluarga terkaya dalam sejarah Jerman. Kapan ‘kekayaan’ dimulai menurut Anda? Jika Anda menanyai saya kapan saya menganggap seseorang benar-benar kaya, saya akan mengatakan 100 juta ke atas. Saya sudah jelas tidak kaya. Tapi saya baik dan keluarga kami nyaman dan saya sudah pasti tidak mengeluh. Ketika Anda memiliki riwayat keluarga sepanjang yang saya miliki, keluarga Anda telah melihat segalanya. Hampir bangkrut... Tahun-tahun dibanjiri uang... dan tahun-tahun ketika banyak yang hilang. Dia membawa kami ke pondok berburu keluarga Bechtolsheim di Thüringen. Dikira pondok itu akan hilang selamanya selama pembagian Jerman. Rumah itu dibangun pada tahun 1892 sebagai pondok berburu untuk paman buyut saya. Ini sudah milik keluarga sejak itu, kecuali untuk interval singkat. Itu diambil alih pada tahun 1952, dan kemudian dikembalikan lagi pada 1992, dan sejak itu, saya pemiliknya. Pondok berburu keluarga selamat dari perampasan dan sosialisme tanpa banyak kerusakan. Hari ini, von Bechtolsheim juga memiliki ratusan hektar hutan di dekatnya dan secara teratur mengundang rekanan bisnis untuk berburu. Banyak dari trofi itu milik saya, tetapi beberapa juga berasal dari ayah saya. Dan beberapa dari kakek buyut saya. Macan tutul itu di bawah sana, saya tidak menembaknya. Itu yang menembak kakek buyut saya dan kemudian anjing saya mengunyah telinganya. Jadi dia tidak lagi memiliki kecantikan sebelumnya, tetapi itu terlalu berharga untuk tidak disimpan. Topik yang berulang dalam edisi khusus Manager Magazine adalah jaringan kerja orang super kaya. Ada jaringan kerja lebih besar dan lebih kecil, dan ada banyak dari mereka, dan sebagian besar bahkan kami jurnalis pun tidak mengetahuinya. Di masyarakat kelas atas ada hobi khas tertentu: pacuan kuda, hoki, sedikit tenis - meskipun itu untuk generasi lama. Mereka akan bertemu dalam box di stadion sepak bola utama, karena tentu saja mereka semua adalah penggemar sepakbola. Sepak bola hal sangat penting. Banyak jaringan kerja terjalin di sana. Itu seperti tempat pasar mereka. Mereka bergaul dan bertemu di sana lebih daripada apa yang disebut pesta untuk orang kaya. Ah...bodoh, bodoh, bodoh. Ya, bagus! Kami selalu ada banyak karyawan di sini dan kami punya banyak teman dalam box. Christian Pfeiffer ada di sini hari ini, pakar kriminologi paling terkenal di Jerman. Kadang-kadang Jogi Löw atau seseorang dari bidang politik mampir. Christian Wulff dan Bettina adalah bagian lingkaran teman dekat saya, jadi selalu ada banyak hal yang terjadi di sini. Di Berlin, Rainer Schaller membuka klub baru. Cabang baru dari kerajaan fitness-nya. Schaller juga telah menjadi anggota jaringan orang-orang penting dari industri olahraga, bisnis, dan hiburan. Kita belum saling menyapa, bukan? Rainer, halo. Memang benar itu lingkaran tertutup yang sulit untuk dimasuki. Saya berada di posisi yang berbeda sekarang. Hai Rainer, nah bagaimana kabarnya? Lama tidak bertemu. / Apa rencana minggu ini. Saya akan ke LA. Selamat, saya dengar kamu sudah memutuskan. LA dan San Francisco, minggu lalu. Sekarang pelaksanaannya. GOL!!!!!... Dirk Rossmann siap meninggalkan box-nya. Dia ingin merayakan kemenangan dengan temannya, miliarder dan pemilik perusahaan alat bantu dengar Martin Kind. Kind juga salah satu pemilik dan presiden Hannover 96. Ruangan atau box-nya, terletak di ujung lain area VIP eksklusif. Saya sudah katakan, kita akan menang hari ini. Saya katakan kepadanya jika kita tidak menang, dia akan bayar 10 juta. Itu taruhannya, betul? Tidak! Saya tidak pernah mengatakan itu. Ini dia... dua pria setengah baya yang layak... Jaringan kerja penting untuk bisnis. Tetapi apakah orang kaya juga memiliki pengaruh terhadap politik? Bisakah pengaruh politik dibeli di Jerman? Cara terbaik yang tersedia bagi orang kaya atau super kaya di Jerman untuk mengerahkan pengaruh adalah jumlah karyawan yang bekerja di perusahaan mereka. Seseorang yang memiliki perusahaan dengan 100.000 karyawan, atau katakanlah lebih sedikit, mungkin 15.000 karyawan, dapat pergi ke asosiasi bisnis dan berkata: "Baik, silakan dan sahkan undang-undang itu. Tapi itu akan merugikan saya." Atau argumen yang lebih baik adalah "itu akan membebani Anda 2.000 pekerjaan di daerah itu." Tapi tidak ada orang super kaya yang secara teratur menelepon menteri atau Ibu Merkel dan mengatakan apa yang perlu terjadi selanjutnya, hukum pajak mana yang mereka inginkan dan sebagainya. Bukan seperti itu hal yang terjadi di Jerman. Saya pindahkan ke kanan lagi, karena kita masih belum tahu apa masuk akal menempatkan teks di sebelah kanan, karena terlihat lebih baik. Klasik, penuh gaya. Batas waktu untuk topik khusus semakin dekat. Intinya adalah peringkat dari 1001 orang terkaya Jerman. Apa pendapat orang kaya tentang peringkat ini? Peringkat itu adalah untuk hiburan. Mereka dikumpulkan bersama, kadang-kadang menggunakan kutipan pasar saham, tapi mereka tidak dapat diandalkan dalam cara apa pun. Saya tidak terlalu memikirkan peringkat ini dan saya tidak ingin dimasukkan, sebab ini menciptakan kesan orang kaya ibaratnya Paman Gober Bebek. Fakta bahwa saya berada di peringkat teratas, termasuk orang Jerman terkaya, itu membuat saya merasa bangga. Saya akan membaca Manager Magazine sekali-sekali, tetapi saya tidak pernah membaca peringkatnya. Saya tidak tahu apa saya ada di dalamnya, saya tidak memerlukannya. Saya punya tujuan lain. Salah satunya adalah Rainer Schaller kini ingin membuka pusat kebugaran terbesar di dunia di negara bagian Nordrhein-Westfalen. Mirai adalah bahasa Jepang dan berarti 'masa depan.' Kami pikir ini sangat cocok untuk seluruh konsep dan visi. Karena apa yang ingin kita buat di sini benar-benar unik dan belum pernah dilakukan sebelumnya. Tujuan kami adalah menjadi pusat kebugaran dunia. Schaller berpikir ia menemukan lokasi yang sempurna untuk mewujudkan visinya di Oberhausen. Dia menyewa sebuah kompleks pabrik tua. Saat ini, tempatnya masih digunakan untuk membuat bagian-bagian baja. Tapi tidak lama, ribuan pelanggan akan berolahraga di sini. Pintu keluar darurat akan ada di sini, kantor-kantor di atas. Schaller mengalami pengalamannya yang paling traumatis hingga saat ini di kawasan tersebut. Tahun 2010, 21 orang tewas dan 54 lainnya cedera dalam kepanikan massal pada Love Parade di Duisburg. Schaller telah menjadi penyelenggara parade itu. Penyebab kepanikan masih belum ditentukan secara pasti. Bagaimana seorang pengusaha di jalur cepat menghadapi tragedi semacam itu? Kejadian seperti itu akan selalu menghantui Anda, selama sisa hidup Anda. Saya mendapat tanggung jawab moral. Saya penyelenggaranya. Jika saya dapat memutar kembali waktu, saya akan melakukannya segera, dengan skala apa yang terjadi. Tapi Anda tak bisa membuatnya tak terjadi. Anda harus mencoba menghadapi apa yang terjadi. Dirk Rossmann juga telah mengalami kemunduran dan krisis. Pada tahun 90-an kami berekspansi secara dramatis ke Republik Ceko, Hongaria dan Polandia. Saya juga berspekulasi di pasar saham agak terlalu banyak, dan mengabaikan perusahaan. Kemudian tahun 1996, kami tiba-tiba rugi 12 juta Deutsche Mark. Dan bank tidak bercanda jika Anda berutang sangat tinggi dan kemudian Anda membuat kerugian besar. Itu sangat kritis. Dan kemudian saya mengalami serangan jantung tahun ‘96. Tapi semua orang tahu dalam hidup bisa terjadi kesulitan. Dan keadaan menjadi sangat sulit ketika itu. Jadi saya menarik mundur semuanya, termasuk spekulasi saham. Saya menjual semuanya dan berpikir: Satu-satunya yang penting sekarang adalah meningkatkan bisnis drugstore Rossmann. Itu adalah langkah yang tepat, untuk berfokus pada satu hal dan tidak melakukan banyak hal yang berbeda. Rossmann muncul dari krisis itu lebih kuat dari sebelumnya. Dia mulai berspekulasi lagi. Tapi, dia meyakinkan kami, hanya dengan kekayaan pribadinya. Mari kita lihat di mana Gazprom berada... Saya tidak punya laptop. Saya biasanya melakukan ini melalui teks NTV 254... ini dia. Dikatakan Gazprom berada di 3,75. Saya sudah bisa menjualnya sekarang. Saya membeli 250 ribu dari itu. Jadi 250.000 x 20 cent, itu akan memberi saya untung 50 ribu Euro. Tapi saya tidak akan menjual, saya pikir itu akan naik menjadi empat Euro... Kadang-kadang berhasil, kadang tidak. Tapi saya menikmatinya. tidak bermain lotre, karena saya rasa itu membosankan. Dapatkah kekayaan besar juga menjadi beban? Saya mengatakan bahwa bagi kebanyakan orang, meskipun mereka tidak akan secara sukarela memberikan uang mereka, fakta bahwa mereka ingin uang itu tumbuh dapat menjadi beban. Mereka dikendalikan oleh aset mereka sendiri. Misalnya untuk pindah ke Swiss atau ke suatu tempat untuk menghemat pajak, dan melepaskan seluruh lingkaran teman-teman mereka, dan pada dasarnya menjadi budak kekayaan mereka. Menurut pendapat saya, itu tidak masuk akal mengingat kondisi yang saat ini kami miliki di Jerman. Kondisi di Jerman saat ini lebih menguntungkan daripada sebelumnya bagi orang kaya. Mereka membayar pajak jauh lebih sedikit daripada yang mereka lakukan 25 tahun yang lalu. Hanya sebagian kecil yang masih merasa terdorong untuk beremigrasi ke luar negeri. Pasal 14 Konstitusi Jerman berbunyi: “Properti mensyaratkan kewajiban. Penggunaannya juga akan bermanfaat bagi publik.” Apakah orang kaya di Jerman memenuhi tanggung jawab ini? Saya pikir penting jika Anda berhasil, jika Anda cukup beruntung telah mencapai tingkat kemakmuran dan kekayaan tertentu, untuk memberikan kembali sesuatu kepada masyarakat. Bagi saya, itu sudah pasti. Michael Otto adalah salah satu donor terbesar Jerman. Uangnya membantu mendanai sektor lingkungan, budaya, dan sosial. Seperti kebanyakan orang kaya, ia lebih suka memutuskan sendiri untuk apa ia membelanjakan uangnya, daripada menyerahkannya pada negara. Otto seperti orang-orang kaya Jerman lainnya menyumbang jutaan untuk pembangunan Elbphilharmonie di Hamburg. Di Jerman, orang kaya suka menyumbang, dan ini membuat kontribusi penting bagi masyarakat dan kehidupan publik. Tapi secara umum, mereka menentang usul mendistribusikan kembali kekayaan lewat pajak lebih tinggi Jika bisnis akan memenuhi semua tuntutan dari katakanlah Ibu Wagenknecht dari Partai Kiri, maka jutaan orang akan bahagia dan segalanya akan baik untuk sementara. Karena jutaan orang akan memiliki lebih banyak uang. Tapi pembagian kembali kekayaan yang sejati tak pernah membawa keadilan sosial lebih besar dalam jangka panjang, tidak dalam sistem politik mana pun yang telah mencobanya. Itu menyebabkan pemiskinan negara-negara ini. Christian von Bechtolsheim melihat pajak lebih tinggi bagi orang kaya juga berbahaya. Saya tidak berpikir banyak tentang apa yang disebut "pajak orang kaya" karena dua alasan: Pertama, terminologi sendiri yang memberi stigma, dan kami di Jerman harus menghindari itu. Dan kedua, "pajak kaya" tidak akan ada gunanya. Sebaliknya: itu akan memotong tulang punggung ekonomi Jerman, karena orang kaya khas Jerman adalah pemilik bisnis menengah. Mereka menjadi tulang punggung ekonomi Jerman dan jika kami ingin menghancurkannya, kami tak bisa salahkan siapa pun selain kami sendiri. Edisi khusus siap. Hal-hal pada dasarnya tetap sama. Orang yang kaya punya beberapa miliar lebih banyak. Orang terkaya yang mencakup 1 persen penduduk Jerman sekarang memiliki kekayaan pribadi senilai 25 persen dari aset negara, sementara 25 persen orang dewasa tidak memiliki kekayaan, atau dililit utang. Untuk laporan ini kami tidak pernah mendapat akses nyata ke dunia orang Jerman terkaya. Mereka lebih suka terbang diam-diam di bawah radar, jauh dari mata publik, hingga acara penghargaan berikutnya.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dieda2317 [1 likes]: So then dont tax the medium sized companys and only Tax the ultra rich? Do i overlook Something or is that what he is talking about absolute nonesense? 41:28
  2. @joseoswaldomartinezrodrigu154: Hay conquistas que no se les permite perder. 🖤
  3. @LS5D: Because german society is a bunch of mediocrecty loving success haters. Crab in a bucket mentality. Envious. Its appaling.
  4. @MsEri20: Where are the rich brown people?
  5. @415423591: Seems like it's been the trickle up theory all along.
  6. @benji1775: one or more than one of their kids or grandkids will like public attention just like they can't control money flowing into their bank accounts.
  7. @ryanbrownie4634: I have to say the average German millionaire is way smarter than their counter parts in the US
  8. @darkpathexplorersc: nice
  9. @Samuel-Gott: my purple children are OP as well.
  10. @ninokopfkino: Forced smiles and unendless cringe. Painful to watch. All look like a copies of each other trying to act like a good guys. Wanna vomit. The thought how much they can change in the world and they simply choose not to do it boils my blood.
  11. @drained1177: Theres productive wealth and destructive wealth, one creates work and innovation for many, the other one takes wealth and innovation from many.
  12. @ki-yanas-el: This old and wicked Babylonian beast system is collapsing! The darkness is coming to light and karma is coming full circle 🔴🔵🟣🙏👁️⚛️
  13. @ki-yanas-el: Puppets of the Babylonian beast system
  14. @gregorydahlen2103: I see this was created 6 years ago.  Good!  After Feb 2022, only a morally vacant individual would invest in Gazprom.
  15. @Blurb111: Germany pays a shameful minimum wage
  16. @MeowsiTwins: I just saw Epstein in 5:35
  17. @dieda2317: Doeas anyone know which countries he is talking about? At Minute 42:26
  18. @HahaLOLey: Boring Rich 😴😴😴
  19. @FrancineWalsh-x7e: I didn't plan it. Without a pennie from anyone I have ended up rich. I find it a burden. I give to the arts and to the poor. I would like to have just enough. I have a responsibility now to live a moral life. I like the saying " enough is as good as a feast"
  20. @monvici: Stop ruining valuable documentaries with duppings.Horrible..

- Famous Rich People Who Make Us Feel Poor: Kind: captions Language: en being a famous celebrity goes hand in hand with some pretty awesome perks there's media attention special treatment a massive entourage and of course the money is pretty good too when you're rolling in the benjamins there's only one real problem running out of things to spend your money on there's such a thing as having it all and these celebrities have more zeros in their bank account than they know what to do with want to find out how the biggest celebrities are living let's get it on cristiano ronaldo 400 million people on social media follow cristiano ronaldo and for good reason being one of the greatest footballers in history is big business he made 109 million dollars in 2019 alone courtesy of his 1.2 million a week salary from football club juventus an endorsement deals with tag heuer clear hair care and nike a deal worth 1 billion alone over the course of his lifetime the man loves speed racing down the pitch to score a goal is second only to speeding around the streets in the fastest cars money can buy porsches lamborghinis maseratis all present and accounted for in his collection and more he famously crashed a ferrari in england a decade ago walked away unscathed drugged it off and went and bought another one not content with owning a 6.5 million dollar luxury villa in spain and an 18.5 million dollar apartment in manhattan's trump tower he opened up a football themed hotel in his homeland of portugal floyd mayweather hear the name floyd mayweather jr and an image immediately springs to mind of the boxer fanning himself with fistfuls of crisp green bills that he carries around in plastic ziploc bags protected by a custom-made armored suitcase he's trying his best to spend his prize fighter money as fast as he makes it and is very nearly succeeding he has not one but two fleets of luxury cars for himself and his extended entourage in both miami and las vegas after he buys a new pair of fresh kicks he wears them one time only he leaves them in his hotel room for the staff to have his thanks one private jet isn't big enough for his full accompaniment of hangers on so he bought another one to travel in tandem he spends millions on diamond jewelry and regularly lays down seven figure bets on the nba dwayne johnson there's no doubt that the rock is the highest paid actor in the world and with a net worth of 320 million dollars nobody's going to argue with that the man puts 110 every time he hits the gym and he's embraced the same philosophy during his time in hollywood pumping out a huge volume of films and tv series buying secretive ranches and farms in georgia and virginia to ride horses with his daughters and splashing out on luxury homes in florida hollywood and london have boosted dwayne johnson's property portfolio to over 100 million dollars his garage is full of super cars american muscle and luxury vehicles it's the only driveway where you'll see a pagani wara rolls royce wraith plymouth prowler and a ford f-150 parked side by side a gulfstream g650er is on call at all times to transport his family anywhere around the world marshmallow marshmallow is an enigmatic dj who came out of nowhere to earn 44 million dollars in just four short years he still hasn't shown his face in public instead hiding behind a huge white helmet shaped like you guessed it a giant marshmallow with a hand-drawn smiley face the headgear has become synonymous with his success with the current design fully air-conditioned for his comfort and programmable led lighting setting him back 55 grand alone not just content with lamborghinis and ferraris he spent half a million on a custom-built ford super duty which is basically a tank on wheels capable of rolling up and over other cars in his designated parking spot i guess it pays to be one of the biggest names in music literally justin bieber justin bieber was making millions before he was even old enough to shave thanks to an aggressive exposure strategy on social media and youtube that quickly turned him into a household name worldwide he earns a stack from his music sales concerts and lucrative endorsements as the face and body of calvin klein underwear he's known for ultra wasteful and frivolous spending he rented out the entire staples center for one night for a stick dinner and private screening of titanic with now ex-girlfriend selena gomez his now wife haley baldwin wears a huge engagement ring worth well over half a million dollars beaver still spends tens of thousands of dollars on custom-made gold grills coated in diamonds and pink sapphires with a net worth of over 265 million dollars it's no surprise he has a house and fleet of cars like that if only i could get my hands on a tiny fraction of his wealth lebron james king james has defined the era of modern basketball and is arguably one of if not the best of all time being at the top of your game with three nba championships and being a four-time mvp means you can command whatever figure you want 150 million dollars a year to play for the lakers a billion dollar lifetime nike sponsorship will complement his earnings quite nicely and set him up for the rest of his days he spends over 1.5 million dollars a year on his body alone first time in his 15-year career he's played all 82 games in the season including 22 playoff games he bathes in liquid nitrogen in his very own cryogenics chamber in his huge home gym to reduce swelling after a workout he even sleeps in a hyperbaric oxygen chamber to increase the oxygen in his blood aiding repair and increasing mental awareness drake drake may have started from the bottom but now he's here with a net worth of over 150 million dollars what better way to spend some of that hard-earned money than by building one of the most over-the-top out of this world mansions you've ever seen he dropped 100 million dollars on the 50 000 square foot home that's been nicknamed the embassy resembling a miniature buckingham palace no expense was spared on this canadian fortress compound double height walls and over a million dollars worth of trees provide the ultimate privacy from prying eyes the atrium is constructed from solid limestone and narrow marquina marble with a chandelier hanging down from the 44 foot ceiling made from over 20 000 pieces of handcrafted swarovski crystal his closet is encrusted with amethyst hardware sports memorabilia lines the hallway from floor to ceiling he even has a full-size nba standard indoor basketball court and recording studio conor mcgregor conor mcgregor is more than just a loud mouth and a snappy suit he's a sharp businessman talking his way into an 85 million dollar payday fighting floyd mayweather jr off the back of that he put out his own lines of clothing and whiskey to expand his empire he made 622 thousand dollars per second when he knocked out featherweight kingpin jose aldo in just 13 seconds not bad for someone who started out in life as a plumber's apprentice looking good is important to the man dropping serious money on fur coats designer clothing and footwear and even two million dollars on a custom designed rolex he seems to have taken everything off the list las vegas mansion private jet luxury yacht party boy lifestyle but connor also has a heart showering his wife with expensive gifts and paying off his parents mortgage on the family home messi lionel messi is officially the highest paid athlete in the world there's no one alive today that can do what he can do with a football he earns almost 2.5 million dollars every week and over his career has made well in excess of a billion dollars despite his immense fortune he appreciates a private home life out of the public eye luxury cars luxury homes luxury jets he ticks all the boxes of a high paid football player but he does make some seriously strange purchases during his stay in barcelona he had some horrible neighbors they were so noisy it was impacting the happiness of his small family and his application to build a higher wall was knocked back so he took care of it in the only way he knew how he bought his neighbor's house for over a million succeeding and getting rid of them forever there's no price too high for peace and quiet kylie jenner kylie jenner was a self-made billionaire at just 21 years of age the youngest ever she was just a kid when keeping up with the kardashians first aired but has since forged her own path by creating her own cosmetics empire raking in the cash a sponsored post on her instagram comes with a million dollar price tag for a few minutes taking a photo and writing a caption she heads straight to the dealership to add to her massive collection of exotic cars bentleys ferraris rolls royces you name it kylie jenner has one she's spent 40 million dollars on purchasing homes in the past couple of years alone including a 12 million 13 000 square foot mansion in the exclusive hidden hills gated community she has a wardrobe just for her collection of hundreds of handbags and paid big bucks for a live performance of baby shark for her daughter's first birthday

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bigzz82 [4 likes]: The Rock is the only rich person I don't get upset with😂😂😂 , it's like he earned it and deserves it, Justin, Drake, and all them kids just piss Me off
  2. @glynnispitcher9423 [1 likes]: (       REHAB TIME!    )             IF THE RICH CUD HIRE OTHER PEEPHOLE TO DIE FOR THEM THE POOR CUD MAKE A WONDERFUL LIVING.        ....                       FACTS OVA FEELINGS!
  3. @godoftrlls [1 likes]: I like your video but Lebrun will never beat the GOAT mj
  4. @robertscott8103 [1 likes]: I am in ufc my paycheck is $20,00,00 00
  5. @Riad102: Anyone noticed that none of these guys are a scientist , philosopher , teacher , economist  


Hell most of them dropped school at fourth grade 


God trying to teach us something
  6. @Riad102: Those kind of people Agent 47 targets ?
  7. @Riad102: "Who makes us feel poor"

No NPC , They're making YOU feel poor
  8. @MPX3V1: Getting ready to feel miserable free motivation
  9. @zoetravis1179: bro just showed a picture of a ferrari and he said porsche
  10. @CookingwithAdam833: Bro every time I think I’m rich I think I have a lot of money these videos make me think I’m actually kinda poor
  11. @amayasimonova2486: Why do they trow away money they should give it to poor People IF they dont know what to do with it in Európa or Afrika are poor People
  12. @wild-n-free2289: GO ROCK GO ROCK GO ROCK GO ROCK WOOOOO!!!
  13. @adiangclinton8362: Meh love this people  rich People really make poor people feel poor  love this 🇦🇺🇨🇲🇬🇧🇱🇷♥️♥️♥️💖💖😍💕💖
  14. @mossmoloi7682: I wish I was the best rapper and be richer than     all of em
  15. @SmashnutS21Ultra5G: 0:40 that's what my parents made in total ;-;
  16. @CheckMyAboutSectionPls: Hello people. ❤️
If you have some extra penny or maybe some change after buying a meal or something, I could really use some help rn. 🙏 I'm trying to get help so that I can pay for the overdue bills, buy meds for my mamma and pappa and also pay the rental, before we get kicked like garbage again. Most especially now that we havent paid the April rental yet. 😓 Its okay if you cant, prayers are so much appreciated. 😇 Sorry, to bother tho, Im just really on a survival mode rn. Im so sorry. I hope you all understand. 🙏 Thank you and GOD bless. 🙏
  17. @adrianferrer4811: michel jordan is better
  18. @sannebink4093: Tiësto
  19. @graysparkselect16: Nah LeBron isn't the best Michael jordans the best mate
  20. @saifgameing1260: Saif

- Designer Brands the Rich Actually Wear: Kind: captions Language: en When you think rich, you probably imagine Gucci belts, Louis Vuitton bags, and headtotoe logos. But here's the truth. The ultra rich aren't always wearing what you think. Today, we're ranking designer brands not by popularity, but by what the rich actually wear. Let's get into it. Luxury doesn't always scream. Sometimes it whispers. While celebrities and influencers go bold with branding, the ultra wealthy lean toward quiet luxury. No big logos, no trends, just timeless quality. Let's rank designer brands into four tiers based on how often they show up in ultra rich circles. S tier billionaire favorites. A tier quiet luxury staples. B tier popular but mainstream. Ctier overexposed or losing prestige. S tier Lauriana, Brunelloo Kushinelli, The Ralph, Zena. These are stealth wealth staples worn by billionaires like Jeff Bezos, Bernard Arnau, and tech mogul. Minimal branding, ultra premium fabrics. 2,000 sweaters that look like $50 ones until you touch them. Lauro Piana cashmere 6,000 plus coats. No logos, just legacy. A tier. Bautega Venida Hermes. Ready to wear Tom Ford Seline under heady slam. Still luxurious, still discreet. These are for those who know. Bagga's iconic woven leather is a quiet flex. Hermes is subtle. Unless it's the Birkin, and even that's more about rarity than flash. If you see logos, it's probably not meant for billionaires. It's meant to sell to the masses. Btier, Gucci, Balenciaga, Dior, Louis Vuitton. Still expensive, still iconic, but often worn for visibility, not discretion. You'll see these more on influencers and new money than on the legacy wealthy. They're aspirational brands, but not what the ultra rich wear daily. Loud luxury equals status signaling. Quiet luxury equals confidence. Ctier, Off-White, Palm Angels, Philip Ply. These were hot with rappers and athletes until they got oversaturated. Now they're more common on Instagram than in pen houses. The ultra rich, they're already on to the next thing or staying timeless altogether. Real wealth doesn't need to flex. It's cashmere that's softer than clouds, jackets stitched by hand, and brands you've never even heard of. Because for the ultra rich, luxury isn't a label, it's a lifestyle. Which tier do your favorite brands fall into? Comment below. And if you want more luxury decoded, subscribe, like, and turn on that bell.

  Top Comments:
  1. @glennbond8266 [18 likes]: Why I love the quiet luxury.  No labels seen.  Why I love Brunello Cucinelli and The Row.  Very high quality without the in your face logos!  Don’t need that.  Don’t want that.
  2. @kuriambag [8 likes]: ultra rich wear custom made stuff made for them by finest artisans!
  3. @Maga66-s1B [7 likes]: For the Billionaires I will ad
Cesare Attolini Napoli
And Kiton Napoli
  4. @ovloh [6 likes]: They wear cheap clothes, that is how they became rich. Being frugal.
  5. @hausengell [4 likes]: Quiet luxury. Visible logos scream insecurities.
  6. @WalsallGooner [3 likes]: Quiet Lux, the quality materials with Cashmere, Merino wool, Egyptian cotton, full grain leather, custom fit is King.
  7. @UltraEliteClub [2 likes]: Designer Brands the Rich Actually Wear !
  8. @bracedgod4505 [1 likes]: 0:01 I’ve been in the ghetto long enough to think of ANYTHING but those brands 😂
  9. @shazadkhakoo162 [1 likes]: Stefano Ricci is what I wear…
  10. @wheelswanch: you forgot about Stefano Ricci and Kiton
  11. @DikshaDiksha_: since young age I also don't like brand name's on things but i have no option, because I'm not rich 🎉🎉
  12. @cyrisz4300: Fashion is subjective. 

Someone who likes Zegna or LP for their clean and classic style could completely dislike the flashy brands like Louis Vuitton or Gucci.
And someone who likes those fancy flashy designs from LV could dislike the simple and formal style from Zegna or Loro Piana.
But the quality of the garments is objective, and a brand that has the history and name value, that puts their logo or sign upfront 
can get away with lower-quality / price-value garments. A brand like Zegna or Loro Piana, which doesn't put its logo or visible 
signs on the garments BETTER have great quality since they charge the same prices as LV or Gucci, IF not more.

The most expensive RTW clothing brand in the world is Brioni, one you've probably never even heard of.
To give perspective, they have around 500k followers on Instagram, which is less than most national-level clothing brands.
You might recognize a Giorgio Armani shirt or Brunello Cucinelli trouser even though they don't put any logos on their formal wear. 
or even most casual wear. You are NOT recognizing a Brioni garment even if you know about them, at least not without a good
close inspection. They purely sell quality and history. You can imagine a regular person who just made their first good money. 
is not looking anywhere close to a Brioni when he can get Dior or Versace for almost half of the price.

How much worth a brand has is completely dependent on your taste, affordability, and experiences.
  13. @AnnaKovač_4: So true! I really like @IlonaCallsLuxury's content about this topic too, really recommend it!
  14. @AarmOZ84: The clothes should sell themselves, not the label. I like quiet luxury because you know the person is well dressed, but if you don’t know what to look for you don’t know why they look that good.
  15. @ExposedExtravagence: o0o0o0o now this is more like it... Love a good nobrand , brand
  16. @deejay.trader: I am 19 and I am a designer. They want to destroy my life.
  17. @daytonarol3x: Gronëfeld luxury watches
  18. @Oil-p3o: Can someone include Madison kargiela?😊
  19. @MeYou-f7u: Wow, I got billionaire taste then.  I wear quiet luxury, timeless, no logos but dirt cheap pieces.
  20. @6ixsidefineshyt: Billionaires have no taste why are you trying to tell us about fashion when you know nothing about the person who made this video doesn’t know nothing about Fashion why do you care what billionaires wear imagine trying to copy something you’re not pathetic

- Wealth Inequality in America: Kind: captions Language: en there's a chart I saw recently that I can't get out of my head a Harvard Business professor and economist asked more than 5,000 Americans how they thought wealth was distributed in the United States this is what they said they thought it was dividing the country into five RUF groups of the top bottom and middle three 20% groups they asked people how they thought the wealth in this country was divided then he asked them what they thought was the ideal distribution and 92% that's at least nine out of ten of them said it should be more like this in other words more equitable than they think it is now that fact is telling admittedly the notion that most Americans know that the system is already skewed unfairly but what's most interesting to me is the reality compared to our perception the ideal is as far removed from our perception of reality as the actual distribution is from what we think exists in this country so ignore the ideal for a moment here's what we think it is again and here is the actual distribution shockingly skewed not only to the bottom 20 percent and the next 20 percent the bottom forty percent of Americans barely have any of the wealth I mean it's hard to even see them on the chart but the top 1% has more of the country's wealth than nine out of ten Americans believe the entire top 20 percent should have mind-blowing but let's look at it another way because I find this chart kind of difficult to wrap my head around instead let's reduce the 311 million Americans to just a representative one hundred people make it simple here they are teachers coaches firefighters construction workers engineers doctors lawyers some investment bankers a CEO maybe a celebrity or two now let's line them up according to their wealth poorest people on the Left wealthiest on the right just a steady row of folks based on their net worth will colour-code them like we did before based on which percent quintile they fall into now let's reduce the total wealth of the United States which was roughly fifty four trillion dollars in 2009 to this symbolic pile of cash and let's distribute it among our 100 Americans well here's socialism all the wealth of the country distributed equally we all know that won't work we need to encourage people to work and work hard to achieve that good ol American Dream and keep our country moving forward so here's that ideal we asked everyone about something like this curve this isn't too bad we've got some incentive as the wealthiest folks are now about 10 to 20 times better off than the poorest Americans but hey even the poor folks aren't actually poor since the poverty line has stayed almost entirely off the chart we have a super healthy middle class with a smooth transition into wealth and yes Republicans and Democrats alike chose this curve nine out of ten people 92 percent said this was a nice ideal distribution of America's wealth but let's move on this is what people think America's wealth distribution actually looks like not as equitable clearly but for me even this still looks pretty great yes the poorest 20 to 30 percent are starting to suffer quite a lot compared to the ideal and the middle class is certainly struggling more than they were while the rich and wealthy are making roughly a hundred times that of the poorest Americans and in about ten times that of the still healthy middle class sadly this isn't even close to the reality here is the actual distribution of wealth in America the poorest Americans don't even register they're down to pocket change and the middle class is barely distinguishable from the poor in fact even the rich between the top ten and twenty percentile are worse off only the top ten percent are better off and how much better off so much better off that the top two to five percent are actually off the chart at this scale and the top 1% this guy well his stack of money stretches 10 times higher than we can show here's his stack of cash rhe stacked all by itself this is the top 1% we've been hearing so much about so much green in his pockets that I have to give him a whole new column of his own because he won't fit on my chart 1% of America has 40% of all the nation's wealth the bottom 80% 8 out of every 10 people or 80 out of these hundred only has 7 percent between them and this has only gotten worse in the last 20 to 30 years while the richest 1% take home almost a quarter of the national income today in 1976 they took home only nine percent meaning their share of income has nearly tripled in the last thirty years the top 1% owned half the country stocks bonds and mutual funds the bottom 50% of Americans own only half a percent of these investments which means they aren't investing they're just scraping by I'm sure many of these wealthy people have worked very hard for their money but do you really believe that the CEO is working three hundred and eighty times harder than his average employee not his lowest paid employee not the janitor but the average earner in his company the average worker needs to work more than a month to earn what the CEO makes in one hour we certainly don't have to go all the way to socialism to find something that is fair for hardworking Americans we don't even have to achieve what most of us consider might be ideal all we need to do is wake up and realize that the reality in this country is not at all what we think it is you

  Top Comments:
  1. @chengelomulenga4147 [3 likes]: Imagine what it looks like today. Elon is almost a trillionaire
  2. @whocares658 [3 likes]: Become a single-issue voter.
This is caused by money in politics -- especially Citizens United.

Make it clear that you only vote for representatives who don't accept corporate PAC money. It's the only way to fix such a nation-wide problem of wealth and power disparity.

This video explains it pretty well:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tu32CCA_Ig

I'll only say:
Our current congress mostly does NOT write the regulatory laws.
Lobbyists do. Lobbyists, who partner with private lawyers, write the words of our laws as a "suggestion" which they send to our congress people (along with promises of a kushy retirement), who take it and submit it for a floor vote.

Often times, they can literally just convince the house speaker and senate leader, who then whip their entire caucus into line, and Fox and MSNBC spin it however their audience needs to hear it.

The problem is 80% solved if we only
GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS
(The other 20% might have to do with the fairness doctrine, but first things first)

GO WATCH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tu32CCA_Ig
  3. @elephantwaffle5612 [1 likes]: And people still defend the 1% when they aren’t part of it
  4. @BestFilmproducer [1 likes]: 2012: CEO earns 318 times more than the average worker.
2025: CEO earns 987 times more than the average worker.
It is pretty clear that it can't go on with this pace.
  5. @patrickgourley5413 [1 likes]: This video is very misleading. I wrote an article titled "How not to think about wealth inequality in America" on my Substack Econ Soapbox that provides a point-by-point rebuttal.
  6. @PatrickPutin-yy8ju [1 likes]: The same people have done the same thing throughout history. The two final stages are a very small % have almost all the money , so we printed $61 trillion more and huge military
  7. @chrislapp9468: The push is about de-valuing your property. In AZ, NM, etc, where water supply is limited; the governments weapons against homeowners include taking all the water by building data centers, draining the aquifiers and destroying your property value. In the East, where drought isn't as big s problem; their game is contamination of aquifiers with lithium battery storage site leakage and leaching into ground water.
  8. @pixelpuppy: when people say "but the GDP is going up though" this is what they don't understand.
  9. @DVandegrift: And yet this country has higher quality of life for all levels of society and more freedoms and liberty than basically any other nation on the planet. Even the poorest among us have access to a roof, bed, AC, food, shelter.  The homelessness rises mainly in cities and multiplied by democrat run city planners.  No nation is perfect but I sure wouldn't want to live anywhere else.
  10. @johan654: And then what?
  11. @grumpy3543: https://youtu.be/o0x1gA3Z83Y?si=ark38zE002xJtTnc

This will tell you what you need to know about taxing the rich.
  12. @grumpy3543: If we took 100% of the money from the billionaires we could only fund the government for 9 months. Not nine months a year. Just nine months. Then what?
  13. @grumpy3543: This os Marxist propaganda
  14. @Sylvie0512: im glad more people are starting to realize things have been bad in this country and for longer than they initially thought. things must change, and i have more hope for that change than ever before. we are not the first generation to fight against this for the betterment of all. we will make it into a livable world, together. do not give up....
  15. @crystalidx: Basically America is rich, but broke at the same time.
  16. @tombauer4470: I so wish he would update this to now. Oh, and do away with the background music ;)
  17. @Coriandro: why bother playing when the house has stacked the odds
  18. @LearnAboutBit: When the money is consistently losing value (supply and demand), those with assets are able to accumulate wealth while those without assets watch their money lose value and struggle to get by. Fix the money, fix the problem.
  19. @QuietMosaics: This is treating abstract categories as if they are fixed groups of people.
the top 1% or bottom 20% are not "classes" of people, but age-related stages.

massive difference between statistical categories and actual human lives. When people talk about "the top 1%" like it’s a static club of villains, they ignore the fact that for many, it’s just a destination reached after 40 years of working, saving, and taking risks.

If a person starts a business at 25, risks their life savings, works 80-hour weeks, and finally "hits it big" at 55, they will suddenly appear in the "Top 1%" snapshot.
Possibly only for a year!
To a statistician, that looks like "inequality." To the person who lived it, it looks like a delayed reward for decades of effort.
I have seen this

that "snapshot" statistics often miss the life-cycle of wealth. Economic mobility is a major factor: many people move between wealth tiers as they age, gain experience, and invest. 

Snapshot stats ignore that a 22-year-old barista is often a future 50-year-old manager with a 401(k). Many "poor" people are simply "young".

Research from the Federal Reserve indicates that while about one-third of the top 1% fall out of that bracket within a year—and two-thirds within a decade—they are replaced by new high earners.

When a headline says "the top 1% owns X%," it is comparing a 22-year-old student with zero assets to a 65-year-old business owner at the peak of their career. Many economists agree with you that failing to clarify this life-cycle effect creates a narrative of permanent "haves" and "have-nots" that doesn't reflect the actual lived experience of most Americans
  20. @tannerspurlin1194: if wealth was redistributed then the graph would end up looking like it does now again...

- Wealth Inequality in America Has Never Been Worse. The Middle Class Has Disappeared: Kind: captions Language: zh 大多数人根本不知道…… 美国的贫富差距已经变得多么严重， 而且还在持续不断地恶化。 YouTube上有个叫Poli tizane的用户发了个视频， 他在里面引用了一位哈佛 经济学家兼教授的研究。 这项研究询问了…… 五千名美国人，他们认为…… 财富在美国是如何分配的。 研究人员首先问这组人， 他们心目中美国的财 富分配是怎样的。 将美国的财富分成五个部分后， 参与者们得出了以下结果。 这个条形图显示…… 最富有的百分之二十的人 拥有全国一半以上财富， 最贫穷的百分之二十的 人财富不足百分之五。 接着， 参与者被问到他们认为理 想的分配应该是怎样的。 超过九成的参与者说，应该像这样！ 分配得更平均一些。 但当然， 最富有的百分之二十的人仍然 拥有国家财富的相当一部分。 在我给你们看实际的分配情况之前， 很多人可能会指出，“嘿， 这个YouTube视频是大 概十年前或十二年前做的。 答案从那时起肯定已经变了。 ”但现实是， 人类的行为和思维过程 很少会变得那么快。 尽管时间流逝， 答案却基本保持一致。 事实上，在二零二零年， CBS的一个早间节目随机 询问商场里的购物者…… 他们认为美国的财富 分配是怎样的…… 并用南瓜派来做比喻。 这个派代表了美国家庭的总财富， 它被切成了十块。 然后， 受访者被要求将这十块派分 配到同样的五个阶层中。 他们通常选择的分配方式 就像这张图里的一样。 这个人把大部分的派 都分给了中产阶级。 事实上， 在那期节目中所有的受访者…… 都表现出与最初那个视频里 的原始研究相似的结果。 这就表明， 对于财富在美国公民之 间是如何实际分配的， 人们仍然存在着巨大的误解。 实际分配是这样的！ 最富有的百分之二十美国人 拥有全国八成以上财富。 最贫穷的百分之二十和 次贫的百分之二十（ 百分之二十一到四十） 在图上几乎看不见。 中产阶级在图表中只占 不到百分之五到六。 这令人震惊！ 更疯狂的是， 最富有的百分之一拥有多少财富。 其财富已超多数人对最 富百分之二十的预期。 但这仍未完全展现最富 百分之一的真实情况， 二零一二年原版视频做得更好。 在那个视频里， 原作者把三亿四千万美国人缩 减为有代表性的一百个人。 然后他把这些人从左到右排列， 最穷的在左边，最富的在右边， 并把他们放在一个标尺上， 每百分之十代表一个 不同的财富阶层。 他把美国家庭的总财富缩 减成一堆象征性的现金， 然后把这些钱分给那一百 个有代表性的美国人。 这是美国人希望看到的财富分配。 这看起来非常健康。 贫困线在左边很远的地方， 即使有人很穷， 他们也没有陷入所谓 的“贫困”之中。 在这里，中产阶级拥有大部分财富。 而富人只比中产阶级多拥有一点点。 财富在这里的过渡非常平滑， 但我们都知道， 现实情况比这要糟糕得多。 这…… 是美国人普遍认为的 美国财富分配情况。 大约百分之五的穷人 目前生活在贫困中。 在这里， 富人显然比中产阶级 拥有的财富多得多， 大约是中产阶级的十倍。 甚至是比最穷的美国 人多出整整一百倍。 如果你问大多数人…… 这是否可以接受，他们可能会说不。 然而， 这仍然不是财富实际分配的现实。 那么，在同样的标尺上， 现实是这样的。 贫困线现在上升到了 百分之十一点六， 有三千七百九十万人生活在贫困中。 人口普查局的定义是年收入低 于一万两千七百六十美元， 或者对于一个六十五岁 以下的单身人士来说， 每天收入约三十五美元。 这里中产阶级与穷人难分伯仲。 最富有者财富多到难以想象， 甚至放不进屏幕。 但更难理解的是， 最富有的百分之一与 全国其他人相比， 到底多拥有多少财富。 我想在这个视频里做的， 就是向你们展示这个差距有多大， 以及十一年前至今的变化。 据美联储最新数据， 最富有的百分之一美国人拥 有全国百分之三十一财富， 这数字惊人。 在全国一百四十万亿美元财富中， 他们占四十三点九四万亿美元。 最富有的百分之一被定义为净资产 超过一千一百一十万美元的人。 因为他们太富有了， 他们的财富规模可能很难理解。 我们不得不为他们单 独制作一个柱状图。 如果我们稍微扩大范围， 最富有的百分之十的人拥有 全国财富的百分之六十九。 而剩下的百分之九十的人只拥有…… 百分之三十一， 也就是全国财富的三分之一。 这意味着大部分财富， 接近百分之七十， 都集中在少数人手中。 最贫穷的百分之五十的人只拥 有三点四四万亿美元的财富。 这意味着美国整整一半的底层人口， 只拥有全国财富的百分之二点四五。 但更疯狂的是， 尽管你觉得这很糟糕， 但这实际上比二零一二年有所改善， 当时最贫穷的百分之五十只拥有 全国财富的百分之零点八七。 这意味着自二零一二年以来， 底层一半人口的家庭总 财富几乎翻了一番， 但这其实无关紧要， 因为最富有的百分之一 的财富也大幅增长了。 了解贫富差距如何变化很重要， 因为这些年来这个差距确实在扩大。 根据经济合作与发展组织的数据， 他们在二零一八年对二十八个工业化 国家的贫富差距进行了一项研究。 他们的一个主要发现如下：“引用， ‘在有多次观测数据的五个国家中， 自二零零八年大衰退以来， 美国和英国的贫富差距有所加剧。 ’ 这些变化与房价下跌、 房屋拥有率降低等因素有关。 但在经济复苏中， 金融资产价格上涨， 这让财富分配顶端的人群受益。 话虽如此， 让我们来看看美国从一九 八九年到二零一二年， 再到二零二三年的财 富分配具体情况。 在一九八九年， 美国的财富分配更接近这样！ 最富有的百分之一拥有全 国财富的百分之二十二， 虽然已经很多， 但远不及他们今天的水平。 整个最富有的百分之十拥有 全国财富的百分之六十， 而剩下的百分之九十 拥有百分之四十。 最贫穷的百分之五十， 他们只拥有百分之三点七九的财富。 二零一二年视频发布时， 分配情况是这样的。 最富有的百分之十拥有全国 百分之六十七点九六财富， 约百分之六十八。 剩下的百分之九十拥有 百分之三十二财富。 在大约四分之一个世纪里， 最富有的百分之十多 拥有百分之八财富， 底层百分之九十则少拥有百分之八！ 可见，差距当时明显扩大。 现在， 我们来看看二零二三年的情况。 最富有的百分之十拥有全 国百分之六十九财富， 其余百分之三十一。 这意味着短短十年间，差距扩大， 百分之一财富流向最 富有的百分之十， 其余则少了百分之一。 来看看最富有的百分之一的财富， 及其从一九八九年到二零一二 年再到二零二三年的变化。 一九八九年， 百分之二十二点六七财富 属于最富有的百分之一。 二零一二年， 该数字变为百分之二十九点一三。 全国百分之三十一点二六财富集 中在最富有的百分之一手中。 我不是统计学家， 但这个趋势显然令人沮丧。 我一直在想，其他国家情况如何？ 他们是否也看到同样趋势？ 还是贫富差距在缩小？ 嗯， 二零一八年的那项研究调 查了其他二十八个国家， 像丹麦、德国、 加拿大、日本和意大利， 结果发现， 美国的贫富差距是任何其他 工业化国家都无法比拟的。 平均来看，在所有这些国家中， 最富有的百分之十拥有各自 国家财富的百分之五十二。 这与我们在美国所经 历的情况大相径庭。 差距大到让美国在其他国家 中成了一个疯狂的异类。 看这张图，在贫富差距方面， 仅次于美国的最严重的 国家是荷兰和丹麦。 但你仍然可以看到，美国在这里…… 是一个明显的异类。 我认为美国最富有的百分之一与其他 人口之间存在如此大的贫富差距， 其中一个最大的原因是在美国， 我们这里居住着绝对数 量最多的亿万富翁。 根据《福布斯》的数据， 美国拥有最多的亿万富翁， 有七百三十五位公开 上榜的亿万富翁， 其次是中国，有六百九十八位， 印度有二百三十七位。 德国和俄罗斯位列前五， 分别有一百三十六位和一 百一十七位亿万富翁。 据事实核查网站Snopes， 二零二二年底， 美国七百三十五位亿万富翁共持 有超过四点五万亿美元财富。 这比所有美国家庭底层百 分之五十总和还要多。 你们品品。 这种规模的财富…… 是人类大脑无法理解的。 如果我们计算这些亿万 富翁的平均净资产， 也就是把他们的总财富加 起来除以七百三十五。 平均每位亿万富翁将拥有约 六十一亿美元的净资产。 这是底层百分之五十家 庭净资产的十一万倍， 也是一个刚刚以一千一 百一十万美元净资产 挤进最富百分之一的 人的五百五十五倍。 没错！ 一个普通的亿万富翁比一个刚 进入最富百分之一的人…… 还要富有五百五十五倍。 而那些最富百分之一的人， 已经比底层百分之五十 的人富裕二百倍了。 亿万富翁财富一直是个争议话题。 事实上，我…… 二零二零年做过一个关于杰 夫·贝索斯财富的视频， 用米粒比喻。 通常…… 注意力集中在杰夫·贝索斯或 埃隆·马斯克这样的人身上。 让我们来看看埃隆·马斯克两千 四百八十亿美元的总净资产， 并试着让它更形象化一些。 《纽约时报》大约一年前发表了一篇 关于杰夫·贝索斯财富的精彩文章。 他们做了一堆很酷的可视化图。 但那是在杰夫·贝索斯 还是世界首富的时候。 但既然现在埃隆拥有了这个头衔， 我们就用埃隆的数据 来做同样的可视化， 好吗？ 这是一块瑞士三角巧克力。 它的高度大约是一点零五英寸。 让我们暂时假设， 这块三角巧克力的高度代表 了美国家庭的财富中位数， 也就是大约十二万一千七百美元。 然后我们可以开始把这些巧 克力一块一块地叠起来， 就像这样。 那么这三块叠在一起就代表了大 约三十六万五千美元的总财富。 如果我们不停地把这些 巧克力一直往上堆、 堆、堆、 堆。 你觉得我们要把这些巧克力堆多高 才能达到埃隆·马斯克的财富？ 好，我来告诉你！ 埃隆·马斯克的净资产将一直向 上延伸到珠穆朗玛峰的高度。 是的，没错！ 珠穆朗玛峰，两万九千英尺高。 ——但不只…… 一座珠穆朗玛峰。 ——你可能会说，也许是两座？ 不！ 两座也不够。 答案是七…… 座珠穆朗玛峰…… 那么高。 你得爬七次珠峰， 才能达到埃隆·马斯 克的等价净资产， 而财富中位数…… 只是这块巧克力的高度。 太奇妙了！ 这是块奥利奥。 它的直径大约是一点七五英寸。 它也代表了美国人的财富中位数， 十二万一千七百美元。 你可能知道我要说什么了， 但三块这样的饼干并 排是五点二五英寸， 尺寸不小，在我们的例子里， 这也相当于大约三十六 万五千美元的净资产。 那么， 如果每块饼干代表一个 美国人的财富中位数， 也就是一点七五英寸， 或者说美国家庭的十二万一 千七百美元的财富中位数。 需要多少块这样的饼干并排摆放才 能达到埃隆·马斯克的净资产呢？ 你需要大约二百三十三万三千六 百零七块这样的饼干并排摆放。 为了让这个概念更形象， 我们需要一个超宽的距离。 事实上，要像大峡谷那么宽， 还不止一次，不止两次， 而是整整三次。 整整三次！ 这太奇妙了。 而且你知道吗？ 最后， 这是我最喜欢的对埃隆 ·马斯克财富的描绘。 让我们用这个价值十亿美元 的立方体来将它可视化。 它的高是四十五英尺， 宽是四十八英尺，长是四十英尺。 这个立方体已经非常巨大了！ 但让我们看看埃隆·马斯克 的财富堆起来到底有多远， 来搞清楚他到底有多少钱，因为…… 这种级别的财富对任何人的 大脑来说都仍然难以理解。 为此， 我们将把这些立方体水平排列， 然后将它们与放倒后的 全球地标进行比较。 当我们经过著名地标时， 可以看到我们超过了埃菲尔铁塔， 那大约是价值二百一十亿美 元的现金堆起来的高度。 在制作这个视频的过程中， 很遗憾我没有找到减少 贫富差距的好办法。 希望揭示这个问题能 帮助提高一些意识， 也希望你们能喜欢这个视频。 国家财富是一把双刃剑。 对于能创造财富的人来说， 这是能想象到的最美好的事情之一。 然而，对于大多数人， 如果你不是出生在那个财富阶层， 比如最富有的百分之一， 要晋升到那个阶层是极其困难的。 说到底，美国梦依然存在。 但它确实伴随着贫富差距的代价。 如果你觉得视频有见地， 请务必订阅。 订阅免费， 我会规律发布个人理财视频。 感谢收看，我们下个视频再见。 ——拜拜。 饼干！ 我桌子很乱。 我去洗手。

  Top Comments:
  1. @humphrey [219 likes]: Share this video with a friend and let us know what you thought about the video below. Thank you for watching -- Humphrey, Rickie & Team
  2. @AndySaenz924 [1 likes]: This inequality is a CRIME against humanity! This is OUTRAGEOUS.
  3. @VivaLaSocialismo [1 likes]: I’m the one person who says that there should be no classes out of 10
  4. @harikrishnanchandramohan4209 [1 likes]: Your data is right but the context is lacking. Pretty much all countries have the same scenario.
  5. @stewhv94: Bring back high marginal tax rates for the top 20%, introduce billionaire/wealth tax, reinvest that money into universal programs (healthcare, college, childcare)
  6. @ZeeVeeKayTee: Olecarky
  7. @AndySaenz924: The rich only get richer, but the poor get poorer. That's the biggest lesson I learned from this video. That's WRONG. In a fair and free market capitalist society, everyone should have the opportunity to get richer!
  8. @AndySaenz924: It would be interesting to see how bad this inequality has gotten today on March 14, 2026.
  9. @carrotsocks8204: bro has a favorite depiction of elon musk's wealth
  10. @Ozides: Elon is almost a trillionare now. Which means this is way worse now.
  11. @MinorLife04: This vid reminded me of the pop science measuring units, like "an asteroid the size of 2.156 football fields"
  12. @LoriannAbbamonte: this low budget but fire
  13. @bishbosh4815: What i find interesting is that despite having such a large wealth gap and wealth inequality countries like Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Netherlands etc have such low poverty rates and people the working class is much better off financially and has a higher quality of life, financial freedon and economic mobility, which does show that even in a capitalist free market economy with a wealth elite, you can still have a thriving working class. Also these countries tend to have high tax rates in particular on the wealthy and yet that hasnt stunted economic growth and innovation, and the main difference is those taxes are invested back into society to fund universal healthcare, subside public services to make them more affordable, and building some of the best infrastructure in the world. Why the fuck can't the USA be like this????????????
  14. @rheinwiesenlager_rage: So you want everybody to get the same salary?
  15. @littlecottagegirl4457: scary watching this now that elon’s wealth is nearly 4x that in the video…
  16. @Bozzplayer67: This hits a bit differently in 2026. We need a billboard of this so everyone can see.
  17. @TommySanders-tp3ob: "Never be deceived that the rich will allow you to vote away their wealth." -Lucy Parsons
  18. @agler35: In what bizzaro universe has wealth ever been “distributed”?  Wealth is merely a measure of one’s assets minus liabilities.  Nothing more, nothing less.  The wealthy use their resources/income to purchase assets.  The non-wealthy use their resources/income to purchase liabilities.  This could easily be solved in a generation or two if the education system started caring about financial literacy and resource management.
  19. @lauramonahan3980: 😮 Thank you for sharing! ❤
  20. @PhilipHood-du1wk: Bernie said the wealthy own 90 percent of America, not just 50 percent. Figures and statistics are thrown all over the place on YouTube. Political BS.

- Why Rich People Don't Wear Luxury: Kind: captions Language: en Louis Vuitton, Dior, Saint Laurent, Gucci. These are just some of the brands belonging to major luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering. Positioned at the forefront of the global luxury market, these conglomerates are hugely responsible for the industry's staggering 397-billion-dollar market valuation. From clothing and handbags to jewellery and watches, these conglomerates, alongside a few independent houses, stand as the driving forces behind the most coveted and elite luxury products. This industry is a powerhouse. Just to provide you with further insight, LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault, whose estimated net worth is 200-billion-dollars, made his first appearance on the Forbes billionaires list in 1997. The conglomerateur briefly even claimed the title of the richest person alive in April, surpassing tech giant Elon Musk. But who exactly makes up the clientele of these huge conglomerates? Who shoulders the weight of that giant 397-billion-dollar valuation? Is it the elite? The upper class? Surprisingly, no. It’s predominantly the upper-middle class that sustains the industry. Jean-Jacques Guiony, the Chief Financial Officer at LVMH, stated to the Financial Times in July, “We don't sell most Louis Vuitton products to rich people; it is to people who have money and want to indulge themselves.” So, the question becomes: why aren't the mega-rich, the upper-class, immersing themselves in this industry as enthusiastically as their middle-class counterparts? Why are they denying themselves of those sweet, sweet offerings from Louis Vuitton or Saint Laurent? Why are the 1% not buying luxury? But before we answer those questions, let's define what a luxury product actually is. I always wonder, what the process is creating these pieces. It almost looks like the universe. There is a life inside. Absolutely. While there are a lot, and I mean a lot, of definitions for what qualifies a product to be considered luxury, the most common criteria usually comes down to three things: a premium price point that creates a high barrier to entry, incredible craftsmanship with exceptional attention to detail, and a distinct capability to function as a symbol denoting wealth, or more specifically distinction. All successful brands within the realm of luxury are able to offer these services in one way or another. That being said, there is still a complex hierarchical web at play. So, let's begin at the basic level by categorizing them into financial groups. The biggest luxury houses, the ones that come to mind when most people picture luxury, fall into the category we'll refer to as the "Major League". Examples in this league include Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, and Chanel. All of these brands either already have, or are on track to achieve, annual revenues of 10-billion-dollars. The standout in this group is undoubtedly LVMH's Louis Vuitton, which this year made history as the first luxury fashion brand to attain an annual revenue of 20-billion-dollars. These brands, as heads of their industry, typically lead the trends that we see both on the runway and on the streets. Their mission goes beyond merely creating luxury; they strive to push the boundaries of creativity itself. The next group of luxury houses is what we'll refer to as the "Minor League." Most luxury brands find their place in this category; but even in this league, there is a spectrum - both financial and creative. Some brands are well known to the general public, whereas others are more obscure, limited to fashion enthusiasts and people with enough money to buy luxury products. Can you please spell Gabbana? Hello? The more well-known and financially successful brands in this group generate around 2 to 5-billion-dollars in annual revenue. A few brands under this section are Celine, Saint Laurent, Armani, and Balenciaga. This subdivision in the Minor League mirrors the Major League in that, similar to most Major League brands, some are very much interested in a boundary-pushing and a more artistic vision of fashion. But it differs in that certain brands focus more on maintaining a traditional identity, aiming to conserve specific codes of dress. The other half of the Minor League is made up of brands not widely recognized by the general public but still hold prominence within the fashion industry. These brands cultivate their own niche of luxury consumers and typically generate annual revenues under 2-billion-dollars. Examples in this group include Loro Piana, Brunello Cucinelli, Bottega Veneta, and Loewe. Most of these brands fall under the category of quiet luxury - this will be important later - but some brands like Bottega Veneta and Loewe, are typically considered to be artistic rather than traditional houses. Despite this, both brands are still associated to the rigid quiet luxury movement because they offer products that align with the style’s philosophy. Both brands seem to have ambitions of transitioning to the other half of the Minor League, aiming to generate over 2-billion-dollars in revenue in the coming years and attain broader recognition beyond their niche. An example of a transformation of this type can be found in Celine. Under Hedi Slimane’s stewardship, the French house went from being a relatively niche 500-million-dollar brand to a global powerhouse raking in over 2-billion-dollars in revenue annually. Okay, now that we’ve outlined a general idea of the categories, we can begin to answer our initial question: why aren’t the 1% buying into luxury? Well, they are, but they aren’t. Remember when I said luxury categorisation is sort of like a web? This is where that idea comes into play: most rich people in America and Europe, and when I say “rich” I mean the top upper-class, opt to not invest in Major League brands when shopping for luxury goods. Instead, they spend their money on select Minor League brands, with a few exceptions that we’ll touch on later, that all fall within or intersect with the realm of quiet luxury. Quiet luxury is a fashion aesthetic coined to challenge the typical style associated to wealthy groups of people. It’s completely understated and subdued. See, there are multiple "variations" of quiet luxury but recurring motifs in most of them all include: subtle usage of or no logos, a subdued or achromatic colour palette, and no flamboyant designs. Of course, there are ways to experiment and play around with these elements and still embody the aesthetic - especially when it comes to embellishment, accessories, and aristocratic colourways such as gold and silver. But essentially, the aesthetic is about elevating "normal" clothes to offer an "if you know, you know" type of distinction. And why is this distinction important to the 1%? Sign value. See, sign value, a term French sociologist Jean Baudrillard, functions as the cornerstone of a luxury product. It delves into what an item symbolises in terms of social, cultural, or personal contexts. In the realm of luxury, sign value stands as the driving force behind the entire industry. It's the literal reason for its existence and success in the modern world. Sign value also reveals why brands situated in the Minor League, despite bringing in significantly lower annual revenue than their Major League counterparts, might possess symbolic significance equivalent to or even surpassing that of a Major League brand. This phenomenon can be attributed to factors and characteristics such as exclusivity, heritage, and craftsmanship, that become intertwined with the brand's identity. So by choosing to dress in a more understated manner, the 1% adopt a kind of sign value that signals to others that they aren't new money - people who have only recently acquired their wealth. The idea is that new money tends to showcase affluence through flashy displays, often marked by ostentation and conspicuous consumption. In contrast, the 1% tend to prefer a subtler approach. Embodying a more restrained sense of style that suggests they come from longstanding generational wealth. This distinction reflects a cultural narrative where old money conveys a sense of tradition, refinement, and social standing. While new money is associated with a more brash and immediate display of wealth. That said, despite being considered new money because their wealth doesn’t go back generations, members of the LVMH family, who are literally at the helm of almost every major luxury brand in the world, also embrace a simplistic approach to style. This underscores two points. First, that Old Money-New Money dynamics are less literal than they are a state of mind; and second, that these rigid distinctions do not completely apply to the modern day. Increasingly, uber-rich families and individuals who would be considered new money are adopting characteristics traditionally associated with old money. But back to the topic at hand, the 1% don't want Louis Vuitton monograms covering their handbags, and they really don’t want Gucci motifs all over their clothing. They intentionally avoid being plastered in overt luxury because they’re aiming to convey that they themselves personify wealth. I hinted at this before, but the brands that capture the attention of the 1% can usually find themselves in the Minor League. Brunello Cucinelli, Loro Piana, Ralph Lauren, Celine. All these brands fit neatly into the realm of quiet luxury. See, It's not the uber-rich carrying the heavyweights of the industry, most of them purposefully ignore the big designers and brands in fashion. it's the upper-middle class doing all that heavy lifting. And how do we know this? During the pandemic, while most businesses were grappling with dangerous financial underperformance and the very real possibility of permanent closures, the fashion industry thrived. LVMH's fashion and leather goods units saw a significant 18% increase in sales during the fourth quarter of 2020. Gucci, Kering’s crown jewel, delivered revenues of 11-billion-dollars, up 31.2% from 2020, exceeding pre-pandemic levels in 2021. Another luxury conglomerate, Richemont, reported sales exceeding 6 billion dollars in the company's third quarter of 2021, a performance 38% better than their 2019 Christmas quarter before the pandemic. The industry was experiencing an unprecedented boom. Any guess who was leading this boom? The upper-middle class of course. You see, during the pandemic a significant portion of the upper-middle class indulged in luxury treats with the additional savings they had in the bank. There was this sense that the world could literally come to an end at any moment. And this uncertainty about the future led many to believe that living in the moment was imperative. That even when quarantining with only a few friends and family, we had to live every day like it’s our last. And what was the result of this YOLO attitude? People started splurging out. You need to keep in mind what our good friend Jean-Jacques Guiony said earlier. Most luxury items from Major League brands are not targeted at the uber-wealthy upper classes, but instead at the upper middle classes. While I should note that Major League brands do offer custom made-to-order products exclusively designed for the 1% to request and purchase, such as couture and tailor-made clothing, the majority of their offerings cater to and are marketed towards the upper-middle class and “nouveau riche”. Are they expensive? I mean, yeah. But are they within reach? Relying solely on selling to the 1% wouldn't be enough to pass that 10-billion-dollar mark. It's important to know that when people say the “1%” nowadays, it's usually colloquialism for the 0.1%. A very, very, small demographic of people in the world. And do you think ambitious brands and conglomerates want to depend solely, or even primarily, on this demographic to achieve 10-billion-dollar goals? No way. It’s too risky. But the middle classes on the other hand? They’re the perfect group to rely on. Estimates indicate that the middle class demographic comprised about 350 million people. More than the entire population of the US. Men and women from the middle class are the ones purchasing those 3000-dollar handbags. ones splurging on pieces from the latest fashion week collections. They have the financial flexibility to occasionally indulge themselves without compromising their overall financial health. They are the literal lifeline of the modern-day fashion market. And where do the middle class shop when they want to indulge in luxury? The Major League of course. And when you think about it, it makes sense. Most people, even if they don't openly acknowledge it, place high significance on sign value. Only a small percentage of people make luxury purchases without considering the symbolic value attached to that particular luxury item. Imagine you don't have the financial means to consistently splurge on luxury. Instead, you opt to invest in a select few pieces of expensive luxury goods every few months or so. In this scenario, are you more likely to choose a product that clearly signifies its high price point, or would you rather something more obscure, a logo-less handbag for example, only recognizable to a specific niche that you’ll probably never run into? Chances are, you would lean towards the more “obvious” bag because it'll be easier to rationalise - and you’ve probably been conditioned to like it more anyway. How with this product which people want, can we maximise the desire. Our business – you asked a question about luxury – luxury, for me, is how can you create desire. This is why most Major League luxury brands become less attractive to the elite upper classes who seek exclusivity. They instead gravitate towards more understated brands. Still, for conglomerates, it's all the same. Their market value and revenue increase regardless, and they often have other brands in their portfolio that cater to the needs of both the 1% and the middle class. But remember, that was life during the pandemic. During that epic boom with constant, record-breaking highs in the industry. But what about now? Yeah, now, it’s not looking so good. The fashion industry, across nearly every metric, has been struggling to grapple with the post-pandemic world. Although still generating billions, the industry has significantly slowed down this past year, with LVMH experiencing a below-estimated 9% organic revenue growth and being dethroned by drugmaker Novo Nordisk as the most valuable company in Europe. Major League brands like Gucci are going through a very public struggle, with the brand's organic sales falling 7% in the third quarter of 2023 - worse than the 6.2% expected by analysts. The brand even appointed new creative director, Sabato De Sarno, who critics have noted has taken a considerably less daring approach to Gucci than his predecessor Alessandro Michele. Creative brands in the Minor League, such as Saint Laurent and Balenciaga, have also had to grapple with the new reality, with both reportedly experiencing some level of underperformance in sales this year. But why is this? Why did an industry experiencing so much growth during a pandemic of all of a sudden begin to slow down once we emerged from the crisis? Simple. The 1% are still spending, and the middle classes are not. Middle-class populations have begun to cut back on luxury spending, opting instead to save more and uniformly limit expenditures on non-essentials. They’re also delaying major purchases such as homes and cars, redirecting more money into savings amid rising levels of inflation and a global cost-of-living crisis. Bloomberg reports that this shift in behaviour is occurring on a global scale, affecting China, America, and Europe – all massive markets for the luxury industry. This trend explains the declines and underperformances seen from the Major League brands relying on middle-class spending. But, as you’ve probably already guessed, the brands not recording underperformances are predominantly from that latter category of the Minor League. Brunello Cucinelli, Ermenegildo Zegna, Loro Piana, Loewe. None of these brands have faltered in the post-pandemic era. In fact, some of them even reported record earnings. Brunello Cucinelli for example not only jumped a solid 27.5% in revenues during the second quarter of 2023 but also upgraded their revenue forecast for the third time last October because of this immense growth. Because these brands are attractive to the billionaire population, who are unfazed by concerns of inflation or costs of living, they continue to ride the money wave while their big-brother brands struggle to navigate the oceans. In addition to the Minor League brands appealing to the 1%, there are also a few Major League anomalies thriving in the post-pandemic landscape. One of these anomalies is French luxury brand Hermès. Despite undoubtedly being a Major League player, the house has achieved insane financial success, raking in 12-billion-dollars in annual revenue last year. Their ability to preserve a level of selectiveness gives them sign value that’s hard to find in most Major League fashion brands. Sign value that’s usually only reserved for the niche Minor League brands. With all that being said, quiet luxury doesn't appear to be so quiet anymore. TikTok videos, Instagram posts, and general discourse about "quiet luxury," "old money," "stealth wealth," and other variations of its kind have been on the rise for a while now. This surge has prompted people from all demographics to try to emulate the style. Whether that’s the small minority of the upper-middle class that still sporadically indulge in luxury switching to more niche brands, or the broader population opting for fast-fashion dupes in an attempt to mirror the 1%. Remember when I mentioned that Brunello Cucinelli and some other Minor League brands were achieving record sales? This is undoubtedly because some in the middle class, who are willing to take on a risk and splurge, may be shifting their preferences towards this "new" sign value. You just can't help but wonder: Is it just a matter of time before we witness a resistance of this style among the uber-rich? Could they abandon minimalism for something more dramatic in reaction to the once "quiet" style no longer maintaining its hushed demeanour? Only time will tell.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vcozma66 [1 likes]: Not to brag,  but I own a Dior cologne!
  2. @Sqirldashadoo [1 likes]: Zero flex given is why.
  3. @estebanquinones5918 [1 likes]: In other words, it's a scam they know it's a scam, it's always been a scam.
  4. @thegray-man: This is such a dumb video. They said that MOST of their customers are upper-middle-class. WHY? Because there are NOT enough super-rich to outnumber them. There are way more middle-class consumers than ultra-rich consumers, hence the higher number. The ultra-rich are buying luxury, but there just are not enough of them to outnumber the middle-class consumers.
  5. @michael_dugan: The mega rich do wear luxury clothes it just doesn’t have logos on it
  6. @KhaledBenDhaou75: The brands are for the wannabe rich. Rich people don't spend that much.
  7. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The perfect size for my wrist.  :yt: amzswis :yt: lists all dimensions to help find the perfect fit.
  8. @dmitritelvanni4068: Just being available to so many middle class people makes it not luxury. Its not a strong status symbol if the joneses the poor middle class guys are keeping with have it already. And youre better than the joneses... arent you?
  9. @oldmoney.68: real old money is first read by the gait, then in the eyes, then confirmed by the manners, and only then by everything else
  10. @David-h4z2s: Quite luxury look always looks like a cloak and dagger hitman look
  11. @eng3d: Most modern rich people have no style or elegance. For example, the politics, the CEOs, etc. Most of them dress in a very generic, cheap, and unappealing style.
Trump, awful. Clinton, awful, Obama, awful, Elon Musk, awful, Tim Cook, generic and nothing special, Satya Nadella, awful, Bezos, awful. 
Sheesh.
  12. @R1947M: Ha Ha Ha
  13. @Anthony-h2g8g: We don't associate generic designer brands like LV as luxury. Only poor people like it
  14. @JoyceDoyle-i3w: Interestingly, because we "eat with our eyes", quality and the aura of success are important. Quality is very subjective, so I don't like to spend a lot of money on luxury watches. I shop at :yt: amzswis :yt: and now I can't say what is the best value for money, but at least I think the quality makes no difference and I am satisfied!
  15. @rks5457: this is what middle class people like to tell themselves
  16. @SuperP37: completely wrong.
  17. @cia5946: They wear niche products
  18. @MrKurns: I wear Dickies.
  19. @nestorperena8629: a lot of insecure people out there.
  20. @HosCreates: There is aspirational brands ie , Coach, LV, etc. Then there are stealth wealth  brands like Goyard. I buy quality and after I became interested  in fashion notice how people move and dress and I know what their values are.

- Inside a Super Rich Gated Community (Extreme Wealth Documentary) | Real Stories: Kind: captions Language: en foreign car our Courtney and her husband Norman a television producer [Music] so great to see you nice seeing you too we're so excited the couple are looking for a new house for them and their future children they have a very big budget six million dollars and a new close friend Kristen their estate agent Kristen 's on wowing them today this is a beautiful 10 000 square foot home that's on the market for 5.5 million so let's go take a look perfect awesome it's this huge mansion 900 square meters across three levels it's very high end okay so the kitchen is super open great concept has abundant appliances and Kristen has another selling point the views Over Las Vegas Courtney is a huge fan so what do you think these views are just breathtaking I love the views I love how open it is let's go look and see what else the Mansion has a vast array of luxury features and a master suite which is completely opened up to the outside imagine Saturday morning waking up opening this up and just enjoying the view with some coffee absolutely a great way to wake up the couple are already picturing themselves living here and the bathroom oh and there's a TV and the hue dressing room will definitely win over Courtney who seems to be loving it here already I love this it's so nice you can lay out all your stuff she likes it I'm happy wife happy life this whole Club be mine and he can take the guest s and the show stopper so you've got this beautiful infinity pool overlooking the strip Norman and Courtney seem Spellbound The View and the luxury of course but that's not all they have visited this Mansion because it is located in a gated community a secure estate a private property with forbidden access to non-residents and extreme security we've got two entrances they're both guard gated 24 hours a day we have two guards at each station and then we also have broken security that's 24 hours security is precisely what inhabitants in gated communities are looking for Norman and Courtney are no exception living in a gated community is of high priority in our lives and we're not interested in looking at houses outside of a community no it's good just because we travel and I like knowing that there's a guard at the front I don't have to worry about my home the couple will also be able to make the most of a large number of luxurious facilities is there a fitness facility or anything like that on this property yes so in addition to the clubhouse we have a whole tennis and athletic center oh wow and there's basketball courts the whole fitness center has this massage and spa and a great Pilates studios with tons of reformers and great equipment top of the line oh that is so exciting didn't like that I would love that Americans are opting for these gated communities more and more but they aren't the only ones more and more these secure Estates are appearing across the globe and are shaping new residences of the future gated communities they are the new housing Trend entire private neighborhoods under high protection sometimes spanning several hundreds of hectares and generally reserved for the super rich this is our most expensive lot that we have in McDonald Highlands it's on the market for 6.3 million dollars so just for the look just for the lot residents here live a life of luxury which is very exclusive and difficult to attain without lots of money quiet you don't have to fight for your machines in America in certain States almost half of new constructions are in gated communities seen as ghettos for the rich the residences here are self-segregated from the outside world it's an upscale community so the people have the money to do a lot of extracurricular things to travel to play sports you know golf what is it we enjoy doing this trend of self-segregation is also developing in France among celebrities and the richest in society which is home to small gems within the heart of Paris or Park de montretu the oldest gated community in Santa clue in the Paris region but the peace and security of these areas are now attracting more modest social classes which can sometimes create conflict in certain neighborhoods barriers in the middle of town which the neighbors now have to make their way around for several years these unusual housing Estates have been constructed in other countries like Bulgaria where the most well-off are trading often dilapidated buildings in favor of secure detached houses behind the scenes businessmen have sniffed out the huge Market opportunity and are ready to profit from any opportunity guys waiting outside and three with the cash boxes for several months we managed to infiltrate these extremely closed off ghettos for the rich an investigation into the golden prisons Behind These fences which Tower like never before Las Vegas located in Nevada in the U.S this city is best known for its big hotels casinos slot machines and its overall wow factor it attracts 36 million visitors each year however it's not just tourists here in the middle of the desert there are almost 600 000 people who live in Las Vegas year round it's in fact the most populated city in Nevada yet on a daily basis the locals often want to escape all this excitement to live a calmer life far from the strip so a gated community is the perfect option at McDonald Highlands one of the largest and most luxurious residential neighborhoods in the city round-the-clock security is the number one priority here the 1500 residents have an electronic beeper which grants them easy entry but the cleaners gardeners and workers are forced to sit in a traffic jam each morning and are required to show their IDs pull up a little bit more right and like all mornings it's Billy who screens the visitors first each employee must State the address they're visiting Silver Lake all right up top so we just click on Silver Lake admit the entry condition is that you must be on the list of guests established by the owners a list which Billy accesses from his miniature computer but that's not all he's still going to take additional precautions new license plate number okay I scan their ID makes it a lot faster make sure the pitcher comes out nice and clear for each visitor Billy registers the car's license plate number and scans their driving license before issuing this pass throughout the pass and the idea at the same time it's data collection taken to the extreme Unthinkable in Europe and when visitors aren't on the pre-established guest list Billy takes no risks and calls the residents directly hi it's Billy at the Stephanie gate I have uh Raphael construction here working with your birdie construction for you uh they're doing the remodel work over there do you want me to put them on for two weeks or just call you every day two weeks these tedious controls have just one goal protecting the private neighborhoods Rich residents the people who live in here are worth a lot of money we have people who run major corporations we have a few celebrities some you know pro football players basketball players you know baseball players and they don't want people coming in here you know paparazzi's and taking pictures and driving around the community and when they're not supposed to be here that's the purpose of living in a gated community they want their privacy so it's a secure and private life for residents and a full screening for visitors welcome to the McDonald Highlands neighborhood behind these fences over 1500 people lead a peaceful life out of sight in a neighborhood that feels like the epitome of luxury 400 hectares designed around an 18-hole golf course with a view over the strip 500 high-class houses worth up to 20 million dollars a swimming pool the gym tennis courts and even a private club with a bar and two restaurants a small village in the middle of the desert where Ken CEO of a large construction firm in Nevada and his wife Michelle live they've lived here for 10 years and every day make the most of their gated community It's a beautiful morning their day begins at Sunrise with a morning Sports session there's no need to leave their secure neighborhood where there's a private fitness center reserved just for residents right by their house how are you see you guys good you guys ready ready don't kill us three times a week they call on Alex their personal trainer who can be hired from the Gated Community for fifty dollars an hour on the agenda today is boxing weight lifting and some other strenuous exercises but Michelle and Ken love coming to train here in this private Fitness Suite you're in a regular workout room there's a lot of people and if you're doing sets you might have to wait for a machine in the middle of your set which is an inconvenience okay good a semi-deserted fitness center personal trainers on call and that's not all at 8am Michelle's sporting day has barely even begun after a romantic workout Ken leaves for work as for Michelle she has changed clothes she meets up with her friends for a game of tennis still within the gated community first they hit some balls with a coach got it oh no I don't before playing a doubles match very aggressive Marty one hour in the fitness center with her husband the next hitting balls with her friends good get Marty Michelle who was a housewife doesn't have time to get bored thanks to her gated community she's doing activities Non-Stop good job nice job ladies all right that's it girls thank you appreciate it a few hours later she's in her third outfit of the day this time for an all-female golf tournament organized that afternoon just a few meters away from her home just across the street it's the middle of the week yet there's a crowd made up of just the housewives living here and they have not only come to learn how to play golf yeah it just gives you an opportunity to know more people quite rightly Michelle needs to find a partner for this round of golf you're my partner it will be this lady Natalie she also lives in the neighborhood the two women didn't know each other before but they've already found something in common I am really a beginner my husband's like we gotta get coffee all right get going perfect so this is why we're here two beginners who share a few holes and end up getting to know each other my babies are 23 have twin boys what are they are they are they no um my one of my youngest just graduated from UNR and is moving to South Carolina one in Houston okay one in Utah and one in California [Applause] socializing doing sport meeting new people all without ever having to leave the Gated Community Michelle cannot see herself living anywhere else girls then inside the Gateway to me no not anymore just because when you live in a gated community you're insured there isn't going to be a lot of noise everything the Landscaping the roads the lighting everything will be kept up there's a little bit more security and then you have all these amenities so why would I live anywhere else I don't think I would and even in the evening Michelle and Ken never have to go far to meet for a drink is the residences bar an opportunity to spend time with other members of the estate Ken and Michelle's Neighbors did you learn anything no I'm going to I'm going to get better acquaintances or friends who clearly share the couple's interests did a great job rather elitist Sports and confidence in lucrative Investments McDonald's here you can talk about big money without taboo for in this luxury residence all neighbors have the same living standard they are business heads investors or high-level Sports people high-powered people who clearly do not want to mix with ordinary people if the people that live around you aren't able to do the things that you can do then you either don't do the things you want to do and you stay home or you find people who are like-minded who are at the same level of Financial Security I guess he'd say that can afford to do some of the extra things in life that we enjoy doing and that's that's what we find here is most of the people here can afford to go on a vacation or can afford to take a tennis lesson or take up golf good to see you distilled sense of self-seclusion but to live here co-owners must sign this document upon arrival internal rules which are very strict and six pages long among the instructions are it is forbidden for children under 14 to walk around alone skateboards and scooters are prohibited no noise after 10 pm during the week or midnight on Saturdays and houses must respect very precise specifications subject to a committee and we will see that the owners are not interested in Breaking these rules year round the McDonald Highlands neighborhood employs 80 people including gardeners in charge of maintaining the green spaces and security guards and among them are Paul and Lisa employees at the association of property owners they have a very specific task in the community making sure that the houses are well taken care of down to the Last Detail sure once a month they go around the estate to report any offenses committed by the property owners looks like he hasn't taken his Christmas lights down don't expect huge crimes here they put right the tiniest issues sites must come down the first offense of the day Christmas decorations in the middle of May it seems trivial but it is banned so for the these lights in particular there's a written rule that says you have a certain amount of days before and after the holiday to put up your traditional lighting then you got to take it back down might be 30 days before and 30 days after the holiday that you're allowed to do temporary lighting Lisa takes photos to send to the owners of this house with a letter asking them to take the decorations down is not done within three months they will have to pay a fine it depends on the infraction for these type of violations for property maintenance they assess fines of fifty dollars every seven days so we can't assess a fine more than a hundred dollars every seven days the fines range between fifty and a hundred dollars every week until the problem is resolved we can get them a letter note I want to take his lights down and that's the case for all kinds of small offenses like damaged fences yeah this one's really rusted out dead palm tree leaves Palm fronds that need to be removed at this property yeah a hole in the wall hole in the wall they haven't fixed yet in total that morning these Aesthetics police have reported a dozen offenses if all the properties are kept looking nice it helps maintain the value of your own property so yes it's just Aesthetics and it's not a big deal but it's a response to people who had neighbors who wouldn't take care of things that aren't a big deal they choose to live in an association area and they choose to live in a gated communities the residents have accepted these strict rules they've even got themselves a highway patrol to keep an eye on them not far away a car patrols all day long Larry who's 71 is the most senior member of the employees and head of security you gotta try not to block things yep this sheriff-like employee takes his role very seriously he rules over a network of several dozen kilometers of private streets you need to move your truck on the other side he spends his day ensuring that the residents and employees respect the rules the rules are parking is sidewalk side once you get your equipment unloaded I need you to be over here that's fine thanks a small reminder but Larry does not settle for playing good cop a few meters ahead he settles down to do a speed control and to do that he draws out his fatal weapon a mobile radar and bit of patience in the community speed is limited to 20 miles an hour this white car is driving at 33 miles an hour the offense is noted but there will not be a Pursuit so as not to disturb the neighborhood however Larry will get all information about the offender with a simple phone call yeah Jane he calls the people who register all of the information on those who enter the community you have a wide focus with California plates come through yeah remember as a security measure the driver's ID the number plate and the model of her car are recorded on Entry as a result Larry's colleague has all the necessary information who is she again the name address license plate number all you need to send a fine to this housemate she does not live in the community however she will not escape this completely legal find got it the cost of this fine is forty dollars and residents can also be charged we report you would like to eat here no why I don't like to be told what to do uh that's me personally you actually told people what they have to do but you don't have why do you think I'm the boss rules that must be followed to the letter and a few extra charges in order to live in this community you have to pay all of these security guards activities infrastructure maintaining 400 hectares and a pleasant Green Golf Course in the middle of the desert it all costs a lot of money paying the bills Michelle and Ken like all of the other residents are co-owners of the common spaces so to maintain everything they pay fees to the co-owners association each month the first bill is three hundred and forty dollars per month for maintaining communal areas and security next Ken and Michelle have a 300 monthly subscription to enjoy the sports facilities and still it is required to be a member or to have a membership when you're when you buy a house in the in the neighborhood this 300 membership is compulsory and it's not the only expense demanded by McDonald Highlands so then at the club we have a food and beverage minimum that we have to spend it is 300 per quarter and so we have to either eat at the club and spend our 300 dollars you know on food there or if you don't spend it that charge you that anyways in total each month they must spend at least 740 and the same goes for all 500 homeowners so each year McDonald Highlands collects 4.5 million dollars to look after everything more than 10 million Americans have chosen this way of life but the U.S isn't the only place where these gated communities exist the concept has even been around in France since the 19th century creative here in the Paris region the oldest is the park de motra 2 on paris's higher land Napoleon III was its first resident a century before the Le Pan family and now an oscar-winning actor in the center of Paris many industry tycoons and Showbiz stars live in the famous Villa montanci in the 16th Avenue or in the newest gated community The Villa granell in the seventh avondismo but in France you no longer need to be extremely rich to live behind fences in the south of France Marseille holds the record number of gated communities attractions like the old Port the Basilica and the velodrome make it a nice place to live but the Mediterranean town is also one of serious violence drug dealing and is the capital of organized crime in 40 years more than 1500 gated communities have been built in Marseille in the ninth arandisman a residential area is although it's not a high luxury Community four years ago in a general meeting the co-owners voted for the area to be closed off with eight fences now there are around 100 homes there which are often stylish but far from the huge american-style mansions however here too access is forbidden to strangers and to cameras as well we attempt nevertheless to understand why these co-owners want to close off their community insurance properties anti-social Behavior this is what must have pushed the residents to close themselves off however is not known for its crime so could there perhaps be other reasons which led them to put up fences for Julian Dario a geographical researcher who specializes in gated communities in Marseille security could in fact just be an excuse no more need to share parking spaces calmer less traffic in short improving life's comfort as well as security but how are the Quan Jolie residents able to close off an entire neighborhood to understand let's go to the Mr University with Julian Dario the researcher after five years of field work he knows the town and its gated communities like the back of his hand gated communities in Marseille that's almost 15 percent of the land staff areas have multiplied in Marseille completely legally for certain areas were already private built since the 30s by developers at the town's request following a housing emergency so decades later the residents are entitled to do this is however the procedure is relatively simple a request to the mayor which is usually granted since in France property rights are unrestricted is the mayor of the 9th and 10th around this month in Marseille try to oppose fencing off the guangzhouli area the community in the ninth around this month but in reality there's nothing he can do we saw uh and these closures could well structure Marseille is the private road Network must be maintained by the residents from now on it's not all every time an area is closed the mayor must deal with it um in spite of these additional costs residents in guangzhouli have kept the fences however not all of them are in favor during the vote at the general meeting six homeowners opposed it Fabienne lives in this house in guangzhouli having lived here for 24 years she has always been against setting up fences first a gate at the end of her Road and a few meters further another completely sealed barrier that is fixed posts anti-intrusion spikes and no pedestrian access a question self-segregation that Fabienne does not support at all the eight fences which surround her community have turned her daily life upside down the children Fabian is talking about are students from neighboring areas they used to use these streets in the mornings and evenings to get to school but since it's been closed off access has become much more complicated Sarah Le Favre has been living in a house outside the gates and the closed community for 12 years five years ago she found out about the construction of this gate at the end of her Road since then her day-to-day life has changed especially when she walks her son Silva to school for seven years Sarah cut through the kwazuli neighborhood to drop her son off at school now she has to go around kwajioli and follow a rather unexpected route across this collapsed wall every morning frustrated residents episode an impractical dangerous path which has been left abandoned for years the other side is the route which goes around the gated community a pretty long way but more importantly it's even more dangerous a few hours later at the end of school she agrees to show us the root she fears and for good reason it's a real source of stress for this mother Sarah has felt excluded since the installment of these fences they have become a headache Eva for certain Kwang Jolie residents we met up with Fabian again inside the Gated Community today she's invited friends around for a cup of tea at her home just four people but it takes a lot of work and Mama the first guest is her mother and she has to open the gate for her voila Fabienne goes out to greet her mother so as to avoid a tedious procedure something that Fabienne does not wish to inflict on her mother mama the other guests won't enjoy this preferential treatment they must use the intercom we and each time Fabienne has to re-explain the whole procedure and open the gate remotely the whole process is rather absurd until finally she can enjoy tea with her friends and her guests don't understand this system either living hidden away protected the Gated Community model is developing across the world trend has even spread to Eastern countries and the market is proving to be very lucrative like in Bulgaria after 40 years under communism the country joined the European Union and its capital Sophia are 1.4 million residents and Europe's lowest minimum wage at 235 Euros per month although the Town Center definitely doesn't lack charm the buildings are often worn down and degraded Yvonne who's 45 years old is the vice president of the Sofia Municipal Council every day to go to work he goes through Sofia and the area where he used to live so this is where we used to live in this entrance at the top at the roof of the building he and his wife lived right here in the center of town in a small apartment with a balcony on the top floor of this building the main issue that it's a very busy street so it was packed with traffic packed with cars now it looks like a highway noise traffic jams and the Pavements here are far from the sanitized streets of gated communities you see all those ugly payments when you have a small kit or or a stroller to to carry the baby this is really not the perfect way you you expect to have your payment it's funny to admit for this municipality official Yvonne has even opted for a change of environment even if it means turning his back on his town he has moved to 10 or so kilometers from the center of Sofia into this totally gated community in the American Style with fences cameras and security guards exactly like in the United States he and his wife svobada along with their son Alexander have bought their dream apartment 196 meters squared and a big Garden which is nearly 300 meters squared first of all we were living in a much smaller apartment with all these toys and things we were really you know full and packed with many staff so now it's it's really big relief to move in something something big and it's a well-suited apartment for having friends over like this French couple who arrived the previous day this morning Yvonne and svovada offered them a tour of their new paradise and here is the most important part for them up to three secure accesses with barriers and guards at the gate the security that Yvonne appreciates even more now that he is a dad if you don't have children and you don't have to worry about anything else having a security with the barriers and the lifeguards they actually watch around they have cameras at night they're watching the the perimeter that's not all the residence is overflowing with facilities Fitness yoga massage offices a fitness center with a pool football pitches and basketball courts but also there is a nursery a hair salon a variety of shops and restaurants and even a chapel all within a gated community it's a real man-made Village so it's like living in a big hotel in a way it's like living in a small town in the Big Town yes that's probably the perfect explanation a town in which everyone has the same standard of living a really quite comfortable one people who have a very busy day life people who have their professional careers most of the people who are working in multinational companies there are people working in the banks in the insurance business in the transportation uh Construction and there's even a VIP living here the house over there is probably the biggest house he become very busy with his professional career and then he become a minister and then president this man is Rosen prevneliev the president of Bulgaria from 2012 to 2017. powerful and highly influential neighbors security shops no Yvonne no longer wants to leave this life of comfort this weekend are you going out of the year one hour we are going up I don't know I still have things to do at home you don't want to leave however to live here and benefit from the security and comfort they must pay for it each month Yvonne and svobada pay around 300 Euros that's a huge amount in Bulgaria it's more than the local minimum wage and svobada is a bit uneasy about broaching the issue while we are talking about prices speak about lifestyle we are going to speak about Community 300 Euros in charges that's twice her mother's pension svobada struggles to accept it in fact for Ivan and svobada it is tough to openly accept what they spend for a comfortable life in this country which has historically remained quite poor this man knew how to make a profit from the newly Rich he's the owner of residential Park his offices look over the community Georgie ranche is a property developer a Pioneer in gated communities in Bulgaria however he began with very different constructions the residential Park is just our second largest project where we started more than 20 years ago is the business park software Business Park an entire area of offices made up of modern buildings for the time the first building was the yellow one actually and from there it started and then we developed building by building adding more and more office space and more and more clients as a result hundreds of businesses moved there on the outskirts of Sophia fifteen thousand people worked there but they are far from their homes and the center of town by talking to all the people in the business guys from the community it came the idea that they would like to live nearby because of the traffic because of the jumps because of the parking problems and we started acquiring plots how the idea for the Gated Community was born a small town for the executives of these companies with housing shops and all the necessary comforts Company still owns the land with the exception of the houses so he manages the residents like a small business one of his tasks is maintaining the communal today with his associate he wants to do up the community's shared spaces beginning with the empty land next to the chapel Georgie wants to install some small covered benches but the problem is that these installations which are over two meters tall come at a price a bench like this is 10 000 Euros probably we are willing to invest something between 30 40 000. every year Georgie invests 1 million euros into the residents taking special care of his 1600 residents whom he doesn't want to lose because his success has created rivalry and for several months a competitor has been copying Georgie's idea just a few meters away from residential Park is a huge building site another Community with offices sports centers restaurants and even a school so behind the scenes Georgie is preparing a counter-attack he has decided to build a whole new residence just a bit further from the center today the businessman has met with his associates on the new land which he has bought 20 kilometers from Sofia he'd like to work out the appearance of the final project in more concrete terms his Architects give a tour it has to be said that at the moment it's rather difficult to picture a huge residence here on this vast land from the very beginning it was the same location in the middle of nowhere it was even worse I think in the residential park there was nothing just a big tree he wanted this land so much that he negotiated with Farmers accepting their rather surprising conditions square meters cash 200 000 years cash why they wanted to to see the cash these were guys from The Villages from German from lausanne and they didn't trust anybody it's like local Village People a lot of cash and some cold sweat and I'm 10 o'clock in the night it was in the basement and then everybody 100 and we with the cash in boxes and I say what do we do if this guy doesn't come and I'm with the boxes with the cash at the end he came and one hour a week spread the cash they counted it went away happy Georgie seems sure of himself it must be said that this land has a huge asset its location it's going to be extended and we're going to connect to it and there is an existing Road once the rink road is going to expand it's going to be very fast to go downtown an expressway leading into the center of Sofia just next to the Future gated community it's clearly worth it three years before the first houses are built clients are already rushing currently we have sold as reservations more than 100 houses out of 136 we are signing like five to ten reservations per week so by the end of June everything we believe if we keep the same speed would be booked a full house since filming all of the projects new homes have been reserved

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gritht [1 likes]: Her bag is hideous 0:32
  2. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 18:12 ha ha ha… yeah, my house is better than ANYTHING in that community… NO HOA!
  3. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 16:36 why is their an air of sadness in these groups?
  4. @johnsetzco4178: Somebody coming 'round to take pictures of the Christmas lights on your house, and notifying you about it, feels the opposite of privacy to me.
  5. @flgirl45: "Happy wife. Happy life"? Then she says...."I'll take this closet and he can have the guest closet".  This is sad. She was dead serious too. I've seen many like this in my business . All about her!😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @SamueleYogaMeditationBreath-Wo: Wow
  7. @Decompres2002: 0:00 Property viewing
5:20 Gated communities around the world
7:40 Macdonald highlands security
10:10 Macdonald Highlands services & more
13:40 Socialising
17:20 Macdonald Highlands strict rules and regulation documents

18:20 Association of property owners (people that fine you for not taking care of your property
  8. @Bob-v6n3s: I have lived in roughly 20 countries and have discovered a universal truth. If a country can not ensure the security of its borders and the people within them... the more and larger the areas will be to seal off undesirable people. Test it for yourselves!
  9. @gish-t6q: 1:34 there is something really inconsiderate abt how he smears his oils on a wall like that... he knew he wasnt abt this place, but he felt the need to smear. minor thing but this behavior is easy to miss i just felt the need to call out because internet
  10. @BillionaireMind-g7k: fyp
  11. @celticwarrior777: Oyr countries,are filling up with illegals.
I would do gated community to its only way to be safe for women and kids..
Bulgaria gated community 300 month sounds good
  12. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: I got to try it but it was all fake not real I wish I had friends
  13. @troyhayder6986: Poverty line millionaires...why do you get to live like that??? And I live in council accomodation??? If I owe less money than you??? The entire thing is a total fing sham...
  14. @Amberbaddie2024: The whole bullshit of showing 🪪 and running the license is a bunch of bullshit. 🙄😒. IDC how much money you have that's overboard. They can keep that crap.
  15. @ushkadush: Real Rich people build their dream, not buy someone elses dream
  16. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: "Who share a few holes and end up getting to know eachother" my brain went to a different place lmao
  17. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: I don't think ghetto and rich belong on the same sentence
  18. @LesNessman2001: 23:27 bet you the people living in the community also rail against “communism”!
  19. @LesNessman2001: 2:16 this is why closets should be stripped bare before house is on the market!
No woman on Earth would want that style.
  20. @EndOfDays-e5c: Anyone else depressed about being in a financial crisis so looking at videos to see how much easier life could be

- Tracking Trends in Global Wealth | World Business Watch | WION: Kind: captions Language: en Moving on, let's get to some more stories. Now, global wealth is entering a new phase of rapid concentration and mobility with the billionaire class set to expand sharply over the next decade. According to Knight Frank, the number of billionaires worldwide is projected to rise from 3,110 in 2021 to nearly 3,915 by 2031. While the population of ultra-wealthy individuals over $30 million has surged more than four fold since 2021. This acceleration is being driven largely by technology and artificial intelligence, which have dramatically increased the speed at which fortunes can be created and scaled. At the same time, wealth is becoming more geographically fluid. Regions such as Asia are expected to overtake North America as the largest hub for billionaires, while countries like Saudi Arabia and Poland are seeing some of the fastest growth rates. However, this boom is unfolding against a backdrop of rising inequality with a tiny fraction of the global population controlling a disproportionate share of wealth. Increasing political scrutiny, tax reforms, and regulatory pressures are also prompting the ultra-rich to relocate capital to a narrower set of stable, opportunity-rich markets. India is emerging as a key player in the shifting landscape. The country's projected to see a 51% jump in its billionaire population by 2031, placing it among the fastest-growing wealth markets globally. The rise is being fueled by a combination of entrepreneurial growth, digital innovation, and expanding capital markets. India's ultra-rich segment is also growing rapidly, reflecting broader economic momentum and increasing global integration. The trend highlights India's transition from a developing economy to a major wealth generator. Yet, like the global picture, it also raises concerns about widening inequality and the concentration of economic power. As wealth creation accelerates, the challenge for global policy makers will be balancing growth with inclusion in an increasingly polarized global economy. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bharattheownerofpakistan: While the poor keeps on getting poorer.

- The Art Market is a Scam (And Rich People Run It): Kind: captions Language: en This video was made possible by CuriosityStream. Sign up for the CuriosityStream/Nebula bundle deal at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover to watch an exclusive companion video diving deeper into this video’s subject. The first thing to know about the art market is that it’s tiny. Despite its prominence in cinema, literature, and the news, the majority of the market is composed of a small collection of dealers and auctioneers catering to an exclusive list of ultra-rich clientele. Each year, on average, $61.9 billion of art is sold. $61.9 billion is a big number, but not in context. $61.9 billion is what Walmart, for example, sells in just 41 days. The global market of tomatoes generates $190 billion in annual sales—three times as much as art. There are single companies with greater annual sales that you probably haven’t even heard of: AXA, the Centene Corporation, Exor, the McKesson Corporation—the entire art market is smaller than each of these. The second thing to know about the art market is that it’s extraordinarily consolidated. Over the past decade, 82% of sales, by value, were made in the US, UK, or greater China. That’s to say, the global art market is a phenomenon largely restricted to New York, London, and Hong Kong. But the consolidation doesn’t end there. 43% of art dealers, nearly half, had fewer than 20 unique buyers in 2020. Their sale and buyer numbers can be as limited as those of realtors, which starts to make sense when comparing the sale prices of the two markets. Unsurprisingly, this means that power in the industry is extraordinarily concentrated too. One study found that 30% of solo exhibitions at museums in the US, considered the hallmark of success, featured artists represented by one of just five galleries. Once you move into the upper echelons of the industry, however, the concentration intensifies. During the studied period, eleven out of twelve solo exhibitions at the Guggenheim, considered one of the world’s preeminent art museums, presented artists represented by one of the same five galleries. So, to summarize, the key features of this market are that it is small and concentrated—without knowing anything more, an economist could tell you that this is, theoretically, a market ripe for exploitation and corruption. But that’s just theory. To understand where the malpractice occurs, one must first understand the practice—how art sales work. Nearly three decades ago, in 1994, artist Roy Lichtenstein put on one of the last solo shows of his career. For this, he created a series of nude portraits—a novel subject for Lichtenstein, presented in his archetypical style. Now, in order to translate his work into income, Lichtenstein partnered with the Leo Castelli Gallery. This was no surprise, as Castelli and his gallery had been long-time partners of the pop-art icon. Three decades prior, Castelli had presented Lichtenstein’s first-ever one-man show. The two had formed a professional relationship over the years prior while Lichtenstein worked as an assistant art professor at Rutgers University and Castelli believed his work could be a commercial success. He was, of course, correct, as every single piece was sold prior to the show’s opening. This skyrocketed Lichtenstein’s career. Overnight, he was transformed from, essentially, a hobbyist, into an internationally-known, commercially-successful, professional artist. So, for all intents and purposes, Castelli made Lichtenstein. Therefore, Lichtenstein stuck with Castelli throughout his career, which brought him to that 1994 exhibition—entitled “Nudes: 9 Color Relief Prints.” As is common in the high-end art world, it’s difficult to precisely trace the ownership history of given works, but we know that one of the pieces, Nude with Joyous Painting, was sold by the Castelli Gallery to a private collector in New York, then sold by the James Goodman Gallery to a private collector in Detroit, before it was purchased by an unknown, new owner. That new owner then decided, in 2020, to sell the painting. Therefore, they contacted Christie’s. Now, Christie’s and it’s primary competitor, Sotheby’s, are the big movers and shakers in the art market. They’re auction houses, and facilitate the sale of much of the world’s most expensive art. Of the ten highest priced sales in 2020, eight occurred at either Christie’s or Sotheby’s. Their process starts with an appraisal. Each auction house employs in-house experts who determine what they believe a piece will sell for, and present a range—a lower number and a higher number. Then, assuming they want to move forward, the auction house and seller will mutually agree to a reserve price—a number equal to or less than the lower range of the estimate, under which they will not sell the piece, even if an offer is submitted. Typically, with higher-end sales, however, the auction house will persuade the seller to use their services by guaranteeing the sale—agreeing to purchase the artwork themselves for the lower end of the estimate, even if no bids are submitted. On the other end of the spectrum, the auction house takes a 2% fee if a piece of artwork is sold above the upper estimate to incentivize performance, although this is often waived in contract negotiations with the seller. The seller also pays a percentage fee, supposedly as much as 10% for lower-priced works, and as low as 2% for higher-priced works, although official numbers are not published and are highly subject to negotiation as auction houses are eager to bring in sellers. The bulk of the auction house’s money is made from the buyer. They pay, on top of the final sale price, a percentage fee. At most Christie’s auction houses, it’s 25% on sales up to $600,000, 20% for sales up to $6,000,000, then 14.5% on sales above that number. This is all to say, when Christie’s or Sotheby’s gets their hands on the kind of artwork that lists for 10s of millions of dollars, they are highly, highly financially motivated to make the sale. Roy Lichtenstein’s Nude with Joyous Painting falls into this category. A deceased, highly commercially successful artist; a break-from-style piece, created towards the end of its artist’s career—there was a lot going for this painting, and Christie’s knew it. Therefore, they scheduled its auction to take place at one of their top events of the year. Under the constraints of the COVID-19 pandemic, the auction house organized a new format for one of 2020’s biggest auctions. While each of their auctions typically occur under the banner of one of their locations, their Hong Kong, Paris, London, and New York auction houses teamed up to run a simultaneous, global, live-streamed auction. Now, of the 79 lots put up for auction, the absolute least expensive was a piece by Matthew Wong appraised between $60,000 and $80,000. Most were well into the millions, and this was by design. Christie’s, Sotheby’s, and other auction houses will aggregate their highest-priced works together into a few yearly auctions, so that they can turn them into can’t miss events for the art world. Their job is essentially the marketing—they’re trying to build anticipation and excitement for the sale of a given piece—so they’ll spend the months prior working their catalogue of buyers, talking to the press, and exhibiting works all around the world. Then, after almost all of the work is completed, the night of the auction arrives. In this case, the event started with Hong Kong. Their auctioneer, live-streamed to the world, sold nine relatively lower-priced works before passing the torch to Paris, from where 15 higher priced lots were auctioned. Then, it moved onto London, where hammer prices crept further and further into the millions, and finally, it was New York’s turn. Saving the best for last, all of the true headliners were auctioned from New York. This included Picasso’s, Basquiat’s, Calder’s, O’Keeffe’s, Warhol’s, and, of course, the Lichtenstein. Bidding opened on Nude with Joyous Painting at $20 million. That was quickly pushed up to 22, 26, 28, then 29 million dollars. Two anonymous bidders from New York, aided by phone-laden representatives at the auction house, pushed the price up by half-million increments to 36, until a buyer from Hong Kong swooped in and bid $37 million. One of the New York bidders responded with $38 million, then the other New York bidder came back with 38.2. It went to 38.5, 39, 39.5, 40, before the Hong Kong buyer bid $40.5 million, which met no response, and the auctioneer’s hammer came down on what would become the third highest-priced art sale of the year. With fees, the buyer ended up paying $46,242,500, meaning Christie’s netted at least $5,742,500 from the 10 minute and 14 second long auction. Across the evening, though, some $421 million of art was sold. That means this one, four-hour event, and its 79 lots, accounted for almost a full percent of the entire world’s art sales in 2020, by value, and that Christie’s, as a company, earned upwards of $60 million. So… where’s the problem? So far, most of this process probably seems above-board—its just a collection of wealthy people buying and selling expensive art through a few exclusive auction houses. Well, its not so much the process itself, but what it enables. Most of the issues arise out of a simple truth—art does not have intrinsic value. Say you stopped by a thrift store, saw this painting on the wall, and it had no label, no price tag, no information at all beyond the piece itself. How much would you pay for it? Some would only spare twenty or thirty dollars, while others, impressed by its intricacy and age, might pay a couple hundred dollars for it. This is roughly what happened in 1958 when it was presented at a small auction in London as a poorly-maintained copy of a lost work by Leonardo Da Vinci, and sold for £45 to Minnie and Warren Kuntz. The couple carried the painting with them to Southampton, then boarded a ship bound for Houston to return from their European vacation. In 1987, the artwork was inherited by Kuntz’s nephew, Basil Clovis Hendry, who hung it in his Baton Rouge, Louisiana home until his death in 2004. His daughter, Susan Hendry Tureau, brought the work and much of the rest of her father’s estate to the New Orleans Auction Gallery, where it was listed with a sale estimate of $1,200 to $1,800. It was bought for an unknown amount less than $10,000 by a pair of art dealers, Alexander Parrish and Robert Simon, who had a long-shot hunch that it could be worth far more than that. They therefore hired a paintings conservator from NYU to restore the work, and as part of her process, she took infrared photographs of the piece to be able to see through the layers of paint. This unearthed the lowest layer, which included the very first strokes—the ones the artist took to outline the general composition of These first strokes largely matched up with the final product, except for here—the thumb. They outlined the thumb in a straight position, rather than the curved shape seen in all known copies of the lost Da Vinci painting. It seemed that the artist changed their mind, which would make no sense when copying a painting. These few, hidden strokes served as a crucial, initial piece of evidence that this might be the original Salvator Mundi, painted by Leonardo Da Vinci himself. Therefore, Parrish and Simon spent the better part of the next five years travelling around, showing the piece to experts and curators, garnering support for their theory. In 2011, they attained definitive validation: London’s National Gallery exhibited the Salvator Mundi and the name on the label read Leonardo Da Vinci. The value instantly skyrocketed. Parrish and Simon sold the piece to another dealer for $80 million, who immediately sold it to a Russian collector for $127 million, who then brought the piece to auction. Only the 24th known painting widely attributed to Da Vinci, and one of only two not held by a museum, this was sure to fetch an eye-popping price. After a world tour of exhibitions, Leonardo’s Salvator Mundi was sold by Christie’s New York for $450,312,500 to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman—an all-time record price for the sale of a piece of art. Prior to the recognition by top museums that this piece was, in fact, a Da Vinci, the value was in the low thousands. After, it was in the hundreds of millions. That’s to say, art has no intrinsic value. The value for what Christie’s, Sotheby’s, or other top auction houses sell is all in who painted it, who owned it, and who wants An uninformed person can look at a car, or a plate of food, or a house and guess with some accuracy what it’s worth, but that’s not the case with art. Nearly all of the value is invisible, because the value is simply what other people are willing to pay. Now, here’s the question: would you genuinely believe that if you had bought that dilapidated portrait of Jesus at the estate auction in New Orleans, you could have successfully convinced the National Gallery in London that it was a true Da Vinci? Do you believe that if, back in 1960, Roy Lichtenstein had met you, instead of Castelli, you could have successfully convinced enough people of the artist’s future prospects to sell out his first show prior to opening? Any answer but no is arrogant. Value in the art world is defined by an incredibly small number of gatekeepers—the curators, gallery owners, and auctioneers. So, to summarize, the art world is an incredibly small, incredibly consolidated market where prices are almost entirely subjective. These three factors combined mean that, properly executed, sellers can decide what prices are. Between 2005 and 2013, one fourth of all Andy Warhol works put up up for auction were bought by a single man: Jose Mugrabi. Now, Mugrabi owns over 800 Warhol artworks in total, representing close to a billion dollars in value, at least on paper. Therefore, Mugrabi is highly, highly invested in making sure that the Warhol market stays hot. Now, there is, of course, a reason why in more traditional markets, monopolies and oligopolies are disallowed: when power is too concentrated, a single player can influence the entire market to their own benefit. That’s exactly what Mugrabi does: whenever a Warhol is up for sale at auction, he’ll be there. Often, Mugrabi will be one of the first to bid, and will work to push up prices with his early offers. Mugrabi is more than willing to strategically overpay for a Warhol work, because he knows that it’ll be worth it. That’s because auctions act as the only publicly-available index of art prices. When one private individual sells artwork to another private individual, the price is not public-knowledge. at auction, the price is public-knowledge. So, that means that Mugrabi is willing to go to an auction and bid copiously, regardless of actual market value. Either he’ll have pushed up the price for another bidder, which is good for him, or he’ll have overpaid for the art, which is still good for him. That’s because either way, the fact that a Warhol work sold for a good price and the world knows it pushes up the hypothetical value of the rest of his Warhol pieces, which he can then sell for more in private. What’s more, this manner of market manipulation is entirely legal. Collectors will chose a niche, and then dominate Plus, given the small size of the high-end art market, Mugrabi almost certainly knows all the other top Warhol collectors, and collectively, they realize that if one of them sells a piece publicly for a bad price, it’ll hurt all of their portfolio values, so an informal social cabal arises that further influences the market and artificially inflates values. However, this is only the tip of the iceberg. The same market conditions that enable Mugrabi’s influence mean that collusion and corruption are confoundingly easy. There isn't one, blockbuster scam at the center of the art market. Rather, it’s a market composed of scams. For example, counterintuitively, wealthy individuals can turn a profit by donating art. It’s rather simple: in the US, when one donates artwork to a non-profit museum, they get a tax-write off. That’s to say, if someone donates a painting worth $10 million, they don’t have to pay taxes on $10 million of income which, in theory, would save them about $4 million. Of course, given the difficulties in determining art’s worth, the IRS requires expensive artwork to be professionally appraised prior to a write-off. Considering all the aforementioned market conditions, though, it’s not tough to manipulate an appraisal to go one’s way. Of the hundreds of thousands of artworks donated each year, the IRS audits only a couple hundred, but even those few paint a stark picture. In 2018 and 2019, about a third of audited artwork was found to be over valued in its appraisal by an average of 38%. In fact, overall, only 42% of artwork was found to have been appraised correctly, in part thanks to the competing pressure for some to undervalue their work when its received through inheritance, in order to reduce the estate taxes paid upon transfer of ownership. So, a rich person could buy a piece of art for $4 million, let it appreciate over a few years, shop around for a favorable appraisal, overstate its value, rely on the fact that the IRS only audits a tiny percentage of pieces, donate the art $10 million, and they’ll have already broken even. It doesn’t take much for the percentage a wealthy person will save in taxes to eclipse their original purchase price. As a cherry on top, of course, the presence of an artist’s work in a museum is known to inflate the value of their other art, so if a wealthy person owns a collection of a given artist’s work, as is common, donations earn them further money through the effect it has on the rest of their collection. In aggregate, the situation is this: art is a highly exploitable market. It was created by rich people, for rich people, so it suits their needs. Whether its tax avoidance, money laundering, or simple price-fixing, the art market enables all. Despite this, it’s almost entirely unregulated. There are no official records of who owns what or how much they paid, so it’s nearly impossible to prove any malpractice in the market. It’s a largely lawless market, except for the simple, practical rule that you must be able to spend millions to enter it. So, who loses out? Well, for one, artists. Rich people use artwork like trading cards—coveting a select few for arbitrary reasons—which excludes those who are unable to persuade the gatekeepers of their value—those who don’t fit the galleries’ vision of a marketable artist. Art is no longer an exercise of skill, it’s one of branding. Warhol’s are like Supreme, but for the wealthiest percent of a percent. Who also loses out is us: everyone who is unable to access this exclusive market by sinking millions of dollars into a single, volatile investment. We lose out because we can’t conduct the same financial wizardry as those who walk through Sotheby’s doors. We can access the stock market, where tax avoidance, money laundering, and price-fixing are heavily regulated and monitored, but not this market, where these ruses go largely unnoticed. The reality is that any market can be exploited, which is why markets are regulated. The difference here is that art is a unique market where individual players have both the influence to manipulate the market, and the influence to keep the market manipulatable. Everything you’ve heard so far is about the largely legal malpractice the art market enables, but it also makes illegal actions like money laundering and forgery strikingly easy. As much as I wanted to talk about that, as it’s fascinating, this video is already far too long. Therefore, as usual, I made an exclusive Nebula companion video diving deeper into that subject for those who found this video particularly interesting. I was able to do that because Nebula, unlike YouTube, has no algorithm to punish me for publishing a video that only the most engaged viewers are going to be interested in. Nebula was founded and is owned by creators, so it’s made to be the best home to our content, with no ads and a financial model that enables exclusive companion videos and big-budget Nebula Originals. We’ve also made sure that Nebula is the absolute best deal in the streaming world by partnering with CuriosityStream. Now, when you sign up for any subscription at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover, you get access to Nebula too. That means, for the cost of a fancy cheeseburger, less than $15 a year, you can watch all of Nebula, and all of CuriosityStream, including Heval—their first ever Original feature film, telling the true story a famed British actor who dropped everything to join the fight against ISIS in Syria. Considering you get both Nebula and CuriosityStream for a year for what you pay for a month of other streaming services, you can tell why I call it the best deal in streaming, and even while getting that amazing deal, you’ll be supporting Wendover and all the other independent Nebula creators. So, click the button on-screen or head to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover to sign up for the bundle deal today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cobaltviolet [1 likes]: omg can you imagine getting an original davinci for less than £50 thats crazy
  2. @vladsandu9713 [1 likes]: There are millions of good paintings under 1000$ out there. No one says you'll own a Picasso, but there are so many worthy artists out there. Van Gogh sold exactly one painting during his lifetime. Just pick something you like. Below the top 100 the prices decrease dramatically. The offer always exceeds the demand.
  3. @coffeejelly444: art has intrinsic value. consider the materials
  4. @fightforyourfreedoms: modern art has no historical values, so it's a scam so they can enriched their false artist buddies !
  5. @antimxney: now explain this to me like I’m Peter Burke
  6. @TedMyrrh: I wouldnt call it a scam.  Its a a marketing cabal with an inflated market.  Its legitimate if people are willing to pay the prices.  Exploiting rich peoples ego, status and greed is perfectly legitimate.
  7. @tubesurferer: the mutual price reminds of runescape party hats
  8. @gizmogwitruewitt9538: Modern art is nothing more than a money laundering operation for the rich.
  9. @mathilde-r9k: If i understand the main part of the market is in countries wich had hardly  produced few  great artists comprare to europe.
Logic cause market works like an artists pesticid.
  10. @delightfulBeverage: greater sums of money need to be laundered every year
  11. @pookatim: The modern art market is pretty much entirely a scam.  It is the main method of money laundering.  Perhaps the most "in your face" blatant example of this was Hunter Biden's artwork.
  12. @alfonsoamador958: I'm an artist mostly large oil canvases... It's been a scam for the last 60 years... The top painters are used to make millions maybe billions...
  13. @elizabethpears7644: Just another reason to tax the ultra wealthy ...
  14. @lindersi: And don't forget the low payed henchman of this corrupt rich people scam. The museums, the universities and teachers, that brainwash young people into buying into this whole made up value ass fuckery. That's the reason most art and design talk is so brainless and borderline trickery with made up vocabulary, it's to enforce this money laundering scheme.
As an art teacher I can now understands every revolution that destroys and vandalizes artworks. Even the Taliban, which have never done anything good, I can sympathize with if they destroy cultural goods.
  15. @charlesacaranci9039: How would you regulate it ????
  16. @charlesacaranci9039: The biggest lie in the world professionally apraised
  17. @petermgruhn: "For all intents and purposes, [gallery] discovered a great talent, exposed it, and the quality of the work "made" the artist.
  18. @balthus9105: Poor people art market-Pokemon cards.
  19. @vincentlussier8264: Of course,the rich people run everything because the greedy bastards aren't rich enough! Anything that is worth money or makes money the rich greedy pricks elbow everyone out of their way to get to the money and the greedy pricks make sure that nobody but nobody gets a dime ! Greed is their thing and money in their God and they see nothing but getting to the money before anyone else does.
  20. @Nilsis1986: Art Auctions are performance art. The only real moment al lot of people look interested at some art piece due to its price😂

- Every Way To Get Rich In 2025 Explained in 12 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en The Inheritor. If you're not already rich, this one's not for you. The windows closed. The Inheritor didn't work hard or take big risks. They just got lucky. Like cosmic lottery level lucky. They were born into money. Straight up spawned from a rich person's balls. No grind, no strategy, just boom. Welcome to life with beachfront property and a private chef. It's like winning the lottery without even knowing a lottery existed and then being annoyed your driver took the long way home. Now, sure, people love to say, "Well, actually, it's not that easy." They'll argue that growing up with everything handed to you can screw you up, makes you soft, kills motivation, makes money feel like monopoly cash. And yeah, maybe there's some truth to that, maybe. But let's be real, it's hard to feel too bad for someone complaining about a lack of purpose while they're teeing off on hole 7 with a Rolex tan line and a mimosa in hand. Even if you've got existential dread, it probably hits a bit softer when you're driving a Lambo to your 18hole golf session on a Tuesday morning. The average Joe. Now, this path to getting rich really depends on two things. how you define rich and how fast you want to get there. If your version of rich is yachts and pen houses, this probably isn't it. But if rich means financial stability, owning a house, and not crying when you check your bank balance, then yeah, this could work. The average Joe plays it safe. He goes to school, follows the rules, maybe stresses over math class more than he should. Then he heads off to college, racks up a student loan or two, maybe does an unpaid internship where he learns how to fix the printer and get coffee. But eventually he lands his first real job with a salary and benefits and starts the long climb. Over the next 40 years, Joe chips away at that ladder, promotion by promotion, tax return by tax return. He might not get rich fast, but he gets richer slowly, steadily, safely. And somewhere along the way, he buys a house, maybe gets a 401k, takes a few family vacations to places with all-inclusive buffets, and slowly builds a life that's comfortable, predictable, and secure. By the time he hits 65 and retires, the average American who followed this path has a net worth of around 1.8 million. That's not yacht money, but it's not nothing either. That's enough to live well, sleep soundly, and maybe even spoil the grandkids a little. It's the long game, but it works. Meme coin millionaire. You're 16. It's late, like way too late for a school night late. You're in bed, lights off, half asleep, when your phone buzzes with a message from your mate. Bro, buy this coin now. You squint at the screen, open the link, and see the name Boner. You laugh. Of course, it's called Boner. Every stupid coin has some degenerate name, and somehow that makes you trust it more. You think about it for two seconds, shrug, and chuck in $100. This same guy got you into fart rocket a few weeks back, and you actually made lunch money off it, so why not? You press confirm, toss your phone on the charger, and jump into bed. Fast forward a month. You're scrolling like you do every day, thumbnail pops up on your feed. A finance bro in a tank top says, "Yo, not financial advice, but Boner just rose 69% overnight. I'm fully erect. I mean, fully invest." You blink. Wait, Boner? That rings a bell. Did I buy that? You open your crypto app, half laughing at the idea. You dig through your dusty little portfolio of forgotten trash coins, and there it is. Boner. You tap into the chart and it's not just up, it's vertical, green candles like skyscrapers. You refresh it just to make sure it's real. The number updates. You stare. Your $100 isn't worth $120. It's not even a couple grand. It's $4 million. You sit there slack jawed feeling like you just accidentally won the internet. And then it hits you. You are now a multi-millionaire because you yoloed into a coin named after a penis. You've peaked. There's no topping this. So naturally, you do what every financially literate teenage cryptogenius does when faced with life-changing wealth. You immediately buy an M4. The entrepreneur, you've tried it all. Drop shipping. Failed after 3 months. A clothing brand. Launched it, hyped it, sold three hoodies, two to your mom. a Tik Tok growth agency didn't even finish the website, but through every flop, every awkward pitch, and every time you checked your bank account and saw two digits, you stayed locked in. You just knew something would eventually click. Not out of blind optimism, but because the alternative made your skin crawl. The idea of going to college, racking up student debt, and sitting in the same office chair for 40 years, slowly rotting under fluorescent lights. Nah, not for you. You'd rather starve chasing something real than be fed doing something dead. So, you sacrifice stability. You ditch the comfort of a guaranteed paycheck, cut costs wherever you can, and start living on 2-minute noodles and black coffee. You work from a crusty laptop in your bedroom, teaching yourself code from YouTube tutorials and hacking away at random startup ideas until one of them sticks. And finally, finally, it does. You launch an app that lets people communicate with their dog. Whether or not it actually works, debatable, but the marketing slaps, the downloads go up, and a big tech company noticed. Suddenly, you've got an offer, 2 million, just like that. out of nowhere. After all the late nights, after all the failed side hustles and ramen dinners, you did it. You've made it. You're free. You could chill now. You could take a vacation, maybe buy something dumb and shiny. But you don't. Because the win isn't the money. It's the grind. The Only Fans chick. Now, this one might be the riskiest play on the list. Because if you fail at Only Fans, there's no soft landing, no polite fallback. You don't just brush it off and slide quietly into a normal job interview. Nah. If this flops, you've literally posted your naked body on the internet for no money forever. like rock bottom kind of stuff. You are the bottom of the barrel and the barrel is leaking. It's the modern version of putting all your chips on one hand in poker. Except the poker table is public and your grandma might see. But let's be real, it's not all doom. There's big upside. The top 1% of creators are printing money. People like Sophie Rain, she reportedly made more last year than any player in the NBA, and that's the NBA. Dunking, sponsorships, prime time games, and she still out earned them by dropping spicy content from her living room. So, yeah, it's risky, but it's also insanely lucrative if you win. Here's the catch, though. Making real money on Only Fans isn't just about looks. It's marketing, branding, constant content creation, fan engagement, paid DMs, emotional manipulation, and somehow still finding time to moisture. To make more than $20,000 a month, you've got to be in the top 1% of all creators in the world. That's Olympic level digital hustling. And for the other 99%, they put themselves out there raw and unfiltered. And the internet just collectively shrugs and goes, "Nah, we're good." The NPC. The NPC is the silent grinder. No flash, no flex, just pure discipline. You go to school, head down, do what you're told, then call it. Not because you're chasing a dream, but because it's what people do. You graduate, step right into a job, and from there it's game on. You work every day, sometimes two jobs, sometimes seven days a week. You don't complain. You don't party. You don't chase dopamine or spend money trying to impress people who don't care. You just work quietly, relentlessly. Your life runs on routine. You never eat out unless it's with a coupon. All your clothes come from teu or the discount rack at Target. You survive on rice, frozen veggies, and whatever protein was marked down at the end of the aisle. You budget like your life depends on it, because it kind of does. Every dollar has a purpose. Every unnecessary purchase is a betrayal of the mission. You're not trying to live your best life in your 20s. You're trying to buy freedom. And here's the twist. After 15, maybe 20 years of this, you do it. You actually do it. By age 40, you're debt free, mortgage free, and your investments quietly spit out enough cash each year to cover your simple, intentional lifestyle. You don't live in a mansion. You don't drive a Tesla, but you don't have a boss either. You live in a small, paidoff home, and your days are your read books. You play video games. You go on long walks without checking the clock. Wait, you're rich. You're 23. You're hot. Like really hot. You've got runway cheekbones, 300k followers, and a skincare routine that costs more than most people's rent. And now you're engaged to the love of your life, a charming, wise, slightly older gentleman. He's 75. He has stage 4 cancer. And he calls you angel, even though he forgets your name sometime. When people ask why you're marrying him, you smile sweetly and say, "Because I love him." Age is just a number. And technically, so is a bank balance. Everyone around you knows exactly what's going on. His friends know. His nurses know. The waiter at your engagement dinner definitely knows, but you keep the act tight. When his adult children pull you aside and mention his $100 million estate, you widen your eyes and gasp like you just found out Santa Claus is real. Oh my god, I had no idea. Q Oscar worthy performance. They roll their eyes. You roll with it. This is a strategy that technically can't fail if you get to the finish line. No business risk, no taxes, no startup capital. The asset is already acquired. You're not investing, you're inheriting. But let's not pretend it's easy. You can't just Google how to find a dying billionaire. There's no blueprint, no mentorship group, no rich elderly men accelerator on YouTube. And when the will's signed, the final breath is taken and the dust settles. Congrats, you just pulled off one of the oldest wealthb buildinging plays in the book. It's not glamorous. It's not ethical, but damn, it's effective. Just don't mess it up by crying too hard at the funeral. You've got a yacht party to plan. The gambler. You walk into the casino, nerves buzzing, palms slightly sweaty, and the odds fully stacked against you. You hear the siren call of your favorite game, roulette. You make your way to the table. You slap your $100 down and pick black. The wheel spins. The ball clacks. Everyone watches and boom, black, you're at $200. Most people would pocket the win. Most people would walk. But you're not most people. You double down. Black again. $200 becomes $400. Your hands are shaking now. Not from fear, but from something worse. Momentum. You feel it. The table's hot. You repeat the process again and again. $400 to $800. $800 to $1,600. Before you know it, you've got people gathering around watching this lunatic casually pressing his entire stack onto black every single time. The crowd's growing, murmuring with each spin. You're not just gambling now. You're putting on a show. $100 turns into over $800,000. You've done it. You've beaten the house in a way that shouldn't even be statistically possible. 13 blacks in a row. The table is silent now. The dealer looks at you like you've summoned dark forces. You're sweating through your shirt. The pit boss is suddenly way too interested in your next and still you can't stop. You can't walk away now. Not when black's been hitting like a drum beat straight from the gods. You push your entire stack forward. Over 800k riding on one last spin. Everyone's holding their breath. The wheel starts turning again. The ball spins, bounces, hits the little diamond ridge with a sickening click and dances around the edge. Your vision narrows. It feels like slow motion. It clinks, clinks, then drops. Black again. You just turned $100 into over a million dollars. Your head is spinning. You've somehow bent probability to your will. And this time, you leave. You take your chips, your luck, your shaky hands, and you cash out. Just like that, your life has changed forever. You walk out of the casino a millionaire, the influencer. You start off posting cringe Tik Toks from your bedroom, lip-sync, trends, fake story times, whatever gets views. At first, it's just your cousin and a few bots liking your stuff. But you keep at it. Slowly, the numbers go up. You build a following. One day, you wake up and brands are in your inbox. Your first deal, a print-on-demand t-shirt company selling knockoff Kermit the Frog. The shirts suck. They're thin, shrink in the wash, and feel like cardboard. But you make a post hyping it up as limited edition highquality street wear, and somehow it works. You clear $10,000 from a single video. From there, it's easy. You keep posting, keep growing, keep promoting garbage products with a smile, blue light glasses, fake supplements, drop shipped everything. And honestly, you don't feel bad. If people are buying this stuff, that's on them. You're just playing the game and playing it well. One of one being the best in the world at something or even top 100 or a thousand depending on how popular that specific thing is, is a sure way to make money. But there is a very big range here. Think about LeBron James, the GOAT of basketball. He made over $47 million in 2024 just from his NBA contract alone. Then he made another 70 plus million from sponsorships and other things off the court. Think about that. Over $100 million in a single year just from being the greatest basketball player of all time. And no, Jordan isn't anywhere close. Now, for an activity like pool, let's take a friend Reyes, who is supposedly the best pool player. He has an estimated net worth of $2 million. Still great, but no $100 million in a single year. It all comes down to how much money these different sports generate and how much the individual can generate different brands. But the same goes for different activities like chess or poker. It's 2025 and you can make money in a bunch of different ways. Let me know if you want a part

  Top Comments:
  1. @EverythingProfessor [215 likes]: What one are you?
  2. @TOMAS_TOMASEVIC [1 likes]: the NPC is actually my life, dude probably spies me...
I'm not 40, but I have already built my house, have 2 apartments which I rent and have my own business
night clubs, shitcoins, social media, brand products - I don't need it, this is not me, f*ck it :D
  3. @TusharyadavYadav-b6w [1 likes]: Is life really work this fast 😂😭
  4. @progressdixon3156 [1 likes]: Everything was cool until you said LeBron is the greatest player that's clearly Michael Jordan
  5. @Taylor_Buschmann: mehh
  6. @BrooklynAudacity: Investments
  7. @aratizlolo9718: I’m the npc, but ima start meme coin
  8. @Promptlyso: If you go all in 20 times in a row you have a 50% chance each time I like those odds
  9. @k_xvii7: Parties every where😂😂😂😂
  10. @kevinenesto9902: Who else finna invest in B0NER after this video
  11. @cashflowup: I came here from instagram
  12. @hommhommhomm: Makes all of these sound easier than they are
  13. @kulgreah: I was following pretty well until you hit the last one. Baseball money > NFL money > Basketball money. When Shohei signed $700M, it was over with. (even with him giving a solid portion back)
  14. @andreypopin9438: Bro we need same video, but all the ways how to be poor
  15. @dotainjoker8459: lebron goat? are you ragebaiting or what?
  16. @PARTYGODKEE-OTH: Wise advice from my long suffering, want to make money? First be fully conscious of your subconscious, master it,

Meditate like a monk, than you will see opportunities everywhere.
  17. @ELITECODE-l2n: "How to find a dying Billionaire"
  18. @Surfer_07: 11:29 Nah Jordan’s better, LeBron hasn’t done anything to the sport but play it. Jordan brought the name to the game, and has never lost a finals game. LeBron lost 6 finals 💀
  19. @mrcheeze11: Im gonna be the memecoin person does one day
  20. @YfyYutty: 4:01 100%

- Why Wealthy People AVOID Trendy Investments: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that 90% of people who invest in Trendy stocks or hot cryptocurrencies end up losing money within 5 years it's a shocking Truth The Buzz around the next big thing often hides the real risk behind it but here's the twist the wealthiest people aren't chasing after these so-called opportunities instead they're focused on something different they know something the rest of us don't they know how to build wealth that lasts in this video we'll discover the truth behind why the rich avoid trendy Investments we'll dive into the strategies they use to create real lasting wealth ever wonder why Warren Buffett doesn't jump on every new trend or why Jeff Bezos stuck with Amazon for decades instead of chasing quick returns get ready to learn the secrets of how the wealthy think invest and build Empires this isn't about following the crowd it's about doing things the smart way keep watching to unlock the mindset that could change your financial future forever chapter 1 The Mirage of the next big thing trendy Investments often Sparkle with promise from the rise of meme stocks to the Allure of cryptocurrency they seem too good to miss but the wealthy know better they understand that most of these next big things are often just a mirage dazzling at first but empty at the core studies show that nearly 80% of people who invest in these hot TR Trends end up losing money in the long run wealthy people avoid Trends because they've seen this cycle before they understand the power of staying grounded focusing on stable reliable assets when you follow the crowd you're often walking off a cliff the rich know that Trends are temporary they move quickly vanish even quicker and leave little behind instead of chasing the newest hot stock or cryptocurrency they look for Investments with lasting value billionaire Warren Buffett has said it best be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful this quote captures why the rich avoid trendy Investments they stay calm in chaos waiting for opportunities that are more stable and predictable chapter 2 the slow grind to a fortressed wealth isn't built by rushing into every new investment that shows up instead the rich understand that true wealth is built slowly and steadily real estate stocks with dividends and businesses that offer long-term growth are their focus billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates didn't get rich by taking shortcuts they built their Empires Brick by Brick In fact 90% of millionaires in the US made their wealth through long-term Investments like real estate and the stock market the key to their success lies in patience the wealthy know that slow and steady wins the race it's about compounding your money over time letting it grow naturally while trendy Investments often promise fast returns they also carry high risks wealthy individuals understand this and choose a safer more measured approach for example real estate has been a key wealth builder for Generations offering steady appreciation and income over decades the rich invest in things that withstand the test of Time chapter three invisible forces what you don't see behind the trend behind every trendy investment lies an unseen Force the average person might see a hot stock or cryptocurrency and think this is my big chance but the rich know to look beyond the surface they understand that Trends are often driven by hype manipulation or even Market manipulation take Bitcoin for example its Surge and value wasn't just about technology or its use as currency it was fueled by Massive media tension and social influencers wealthy people know that these external forces can distort the true value of an asset they're not swayed by flashy headlines or social media Buzz instead they look for Investments that are driven by real measurable growth they focus on fundamentals this approach comes from years of learning how markets work and how Trends often mask the truth they avoid jumping in when things seem too good to be true because they know better the rich aren't fooled by the noise they understand the quiet invisible forces that drive true wealth if you're enjoying these insights make sure to hit that subscribe button and stay tuned for more wealth building strategies chapter 4 the power of patience wealth is the long game patience is more than just a virtue for the wealthy it's a strategy the rich know that quick gains are rare and often come with big risks instead of chasing after fast profits the invest for the Long Haul in fact a study by Fidelity found that 88% of millionaires invested for more than 10 years before seeing their wealth grow significantly that's a long time they aren't interested in the short-term thrill of a hot stock they focus on building assets that appreciate over time and generate steady income the power of compound interest is something that wealthy understand very well it's the process of earning interest on your interest making your money grow exponentially this is why they prefer to invest in stocks bonds or real estate where their money grows steadily year after year quick wins may be exciting but they don't build lasting wealth the rich know that real Financial Freedom comes from patience time and consistency chapter 5 the art of saying no to noise one of the most powerful skills the wealthy possess is the ability to ignore the noise this noise comes in many forms whe whether it's social media influencers hyping up a stock or friends urging you to jump into the latest Trend the rich have learned how to tune out all the distractions and stick to their own Financial strategy they understand that success doesn't come from following the crown in fact the rich are often counterintuitive in their decisions where others see opportunity they see risk take Elon Musk for example while the world buzzed about the next big investment he focused on building Tesla he didn't chase Trends instead he built a company that changed the world the wealthy say no to the noise because they have a clear vision of what they want their money to do they know when to listen and when to ignore and this skill is crucial for long-term success they don't let the latest investment fad dictate their strategy instead they follow their own financial plan which is rooted in time- tested principles chapter 6 Legacy over luster wealth with purpose for the wealthy investing is more than just about making money it's about building a legacy they look for Investments that will Outlast them that will create something meaningful for future Generations unlike trendy Investments which often have no long-term value Legacy Investments focus on sustainable growth the rich invest in businesses real estate or even charitable causes that align with their values and can continue growing take the Walton family for example they built Walmart a business that has stood the test of time and continues to generate wealth for future Generations this focus on long-term impact is why wealthy people avoid trendy Investments they're more interested in creating wealth that serves a larger purpose than simply cashing in on the latest Trend a study by us trust found that 80% of wealthy families prefer Investments That align with their values whether it's in sustainable business practice IES or philanthropic Endeavors the rich don't just want to make money they want their money to make a difference if you found these strategies helpful don't forget to subscribe and stay updated on future videos with more insights into wealth building secrets

- 1955 vs 2025, who actually had it better?: Kind: captions Language: en - This is me if I lived in 1955. Here I am in 1975. And 1995. 2015. And then today. I'm gonna put myself in the shoes of a middle-income earner in all of these decades to answer a very important question about the United States. Is the average American better off today than they were all these decades ago? Does the typical American make more money, have a better chance of owning a home? It's an important question because this graph shows that our economy has grown immensely since the '50s. I mean, we've got the largest economic pie on Earth. And even when you account for inflation and the fact that our population has grown, you still see immense growth. I mean, look at this. We've added tons of prosperity in this country that theoretically every person is entitled to some part of, or, as some economists put it, has our country produced shared prosperity? - When I think about how well the economy delivers, I think about how well it delivers for the people, for the workers, and their families. How well are they receiving that prosperity? - I'm gonna show you how all of this economic prosperity we've created has been shared or not shared. (gentle contemplative music) And in all of this, I wanna get to the bottom of perhaps one of the most important questions in our country, which is, is everyone able to move up? If they work hard enough or if they get educated, can you climb the economic ladder here? - Are you gonna do better than your parents? Can you reach higher levels of income? Can you change your relative position? - The American dream, we sometimes call it, a, quote, "dream of a better, richer, happier life for all citizens of every rank." Is that still alive? And if not, why? I believe that answering these key questions is incredibly important for the future of this country, which is why we've been deep in all of the data. And I'm going to try to lay it out as clearly as possible by traveling through time. As always, all of the assertions in this video are fact-checked and linked in our sources. So with that, let's start traveling back in time. (gentle mysterious music) - [Jay Gatsby] Can't repeat the past? Why, of course, you can. - Okay, so I'm traveling back towards the 1950s. As we move through time, I'm going to be keeping an eye on this main graph. This graph is kind of our anchor. It will be showing how the economy has grown over time. And again, it's adjusted for prices and population growth. When this graph goes up, it means that there's more economic prosperity to go around. We're gonna see how it gets divided up. And for each decade, I'm gonna be looking at these four economic indicators. Am I making more money? Can I afford a house? Is this economic growth being shared equally by everyone? And how likely am I to be making more than my parents? Oh, look, we're arriving to the 1950s. (groovy jazz music) So it's the 1950s here in America, and I, the middle-income earner, have just returned from fighting in the most devastating war of human history. But we Americans came out on top, and our economy is booming. I work in this car factory. It's one of the many factories that was converted from making weapons to now making valuable stuff that we're shipping around the world. Our country is getting rich. I am making an average income. So my income right now is $4,400. In today's money, that's more like $41,000. We're gonna adjust everything for modern dollars. In this case, 2023 dollars. Prices are higher these days, so our money's more valuable to make it all make sense. Okay, wait, pause. I'm not gonna do that every single time, like, talk about the inflation. I'm just gonna say everything from now on in modern dollars. It'll allow us to compare a lot easier between the decades. Okay, with that, let's get all the magic going again. Pretty cool, right? Let's meet my family. So my wife doesn't work. Only a 1/3 of women did back then, and really she doesn't need to. My factory job supports the whole family. And look, I own that home. I paid $84,000 for this thing, again in modern dollars. That's actually not that much more than my yearly salary. This is considered very affordable. And a major reason why is because the government is helping me pay for a lot of this. And they've got the cash to do it. I mean, look at the top tax rate for the rich. (bright upbeat music) So a booming economy and all this tax revenue means that the government is helping build all of these suburban homes and is giving us veterans good deals on mortgages so that we can get in on the prospering U.S. economy, start building wealth by owning a home. - [Narrator] Our returning serviceman, who was starting his own business, would get a financial boost from the government. Our money would be advanced to buy property or a home. - We're coming out of World War II. There are absolutely lots of public programs. Policymakers today and back then had a lot to do with how typical workers and their families were doing. - Okay, so the economy is booming. Let's see how all of this prosperity is being shared. And for that, I'm going to show you this amazing graph. I love this graph. We're gonna see it over the decades, and it tells a very useful story. This is my income, the median earner. Here's the income of the top earners. And this line is the low income in America. And down here is, like, years. Okay, watch what happens. Ready? Go. (light thoughtful music) (chart clicking) Look at this. Look what's happening. All three of these income brackets are increasing their income at the same rate. We are all getting in on this prosperity. We are sharing the spoils of a booming economy. Nice. - In the roughly two, three decades after World War II, we saw what I would consider broadly shared prosperity. As the economy grew, as workers became more productive, workers across the board were actually seeing gains in their living standards. - This is a great indicator that income equality in the United States is good and healthy. Okay, last thing for the 1950s. Let's check in on the American dream. Can I move up the ladder? There's a really nice data set for this that says that I am nearly 100% likely to earn more than my parents. There is upward motion in the economy. The American dream is alive, at least for me, which is an important caveat here. Women were mostly left out of this economic version of the American dream. And so were people who weren't white, like Black Americans, 10% of the population. Over a million of whom fought in the war, but upon returning, were met with these custom maps that were drawn to determine where they could and could not buy homes. They were largely left out of all of this government help that allowed me to get education and buy a home and build wealth. But if you're just looking at the numbers, the 1950s was a really good time for the median-income earner. You could have a family, work in a factory, and be loaded with opportunities to move up the economic ladder thanks to a booming economy and a bunch of government programs. So now let's move forward in time to the 1970s. ♪ Let's do the Time Warp again ♪ (horn blaring) (groovy upbeat music) - Welcome to the 1970s. A lot has changed. The economy is producing a lot more prosperity to go around, as you can see by this graph. And we'll see how that's all being distributed in a second. But first, let's check in on my pay. I'm still working in a factory. I now earn about $66,000. That's an improvement from the '50s. Or should I say "we?" Like millions of other women, my wife has entered the workforce. They still only earn 60% of what men do. But look, they're breaking into the workforce. Nearly half of all women are gonna be working by the end of the decade. Partly as a push for freedom and economic autonomy, but partly as a necessity. It's becoming harder for a family to be supported by a single earner. The result is that our income is better off than it was in the '50s. But things are also kind of expensive right now. Inflation is up, partly because there's war in the Middle East and they're cutting us off oil. So there's long lines at these gas stations, and everything is more expensive. Anyway, check out my house. I had to pay $230,000 for this house. Housing is getting more expensive, and the government is raising the interest rate to slow down inflation, which is making my monthly payment a little more expensive. Home purchasing is becoming a little less accessible to the median, but I still have this cool house. Okay, let's go back to this super useful graph that tells us how the economic spoils are being shared. Remember, that's me, the median income earner. (lively electronic music) And look, my income continues to grow at the same rate as the high-income and low-income earners in our country. The growing economy is being shared by these different income groups. It's actually pretty impressive how, like, tight everything is moving together as the economy grows. Oh, and look, they've started collecting data on how much more CEOs are making than the typical employee. Looks like by the middle of the decade, it's about 26 times more. Wait, are CEOs making too much? Is that bad? What do you think? I dunno, let's keep an eye on this chart as time continues, and we can assess if we think this is unfair. Okay, but what about the American dream? How easy it is to make more than your parents? Well, if I'm an adult in the 1970s, it means I was born in the 1950s, which, according to this data set, means I'm 80% likely to earn more than my parents. I mean, pretty good. The American dream seems to be doing pretty well. So, I would say that economic life in the 1970s is better for the median earner than it was in the '50s. And something that we're not covering here, 'cause we're looking at the cold hard data, is that there's also a revolution happening that's making it more equal and more fair for minority groups in the United States. So these are good trends. Let's see how they continue as we move on to the 1990s. - [Marty McFly] I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. - [Johnny] To the '90s, we have to go through the '80s and look at all of this economic growth. The president has been very busy slashing taxes, getting rid of regulation and social programs, and rejiggering the economy to benefit businesses, making it harder for workers to, like, gather and get leverage over their employers. - Ronald Reagan, the actor? And look, we are arriving to the 1990s. What a great decade. - [Dr. Emmett Brown] Great Scott! - Hi. Me again. I'm out of the collage world. Because I gotta tell you about the sponsor of today's video because if I didn't have sponsors, I wouldn't be able to make videos. Thank you, Saily, for sponsoring today's video. I'm very excited about this one. It's actually a part of a trend in the world that I've been more and more excited about, which is the advent of eSIMs. I know that sounds really nerdy, but eSIMs have changed my life. In the old days when I would go to another country, I would go into some kiosk at the airport and buy a physical SIM card and put it into my phone so that I could get, like, five gigabytes of data for my phone while I was in the other country. And once the five gigabytes was up, that was it. Saily sells eSIMs where there is no physical SIM card. All you do is download the app and then choose from the hundreds of countries and territories and regions that they have in their marketplace. So many different countries. Like, I think they've got them all, plus territories. Choose how much data you want between one gig and 1,000 gigs, and boom, that's it. One very clear, cheap price. No weird fees. I could go to San Marino and get 10 gigs of data for 20 bucks. I used this recently when I was in Saudi Arabia. Also used it in Finland. Oh, and as an added bonus, when you have the Saily app and you are connected to one of their eSIMs, it also protects your traffic and has built-in ad blocking. Saily is giving my audience 15% off their first eSIM purchase. Use the code "johnnyharris" at checkout, and you'll get this 15% discount. Again, that's saily.com/johnnyharris. The code is "johnnyharris," no spaces. Let's leave my room full of maps and get back into the 1990s. (funky upbeat music) (car horn blares) The big standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union is over, and people are stoked. We entered the 1990s with this little recession. We're getting ready for a big surge of more growth thanks to the rise of the internet. Remember, I am still playing the role of the middle-income earner, okay? So it's not like I was, like, born back in the '50s and I've been growing up. I am a young adult who is the middle-income earner. How am I doing? So I still work at a factory. America is still a manufacturing powerhouse here in the '90s, though that is literally right about to change. I wish I could warn myself. My household brings in $76,000 a year, which is definitely better than the '50s and '60s, but you can kind of see that things are flattening out. And in fact, I'm not making that much more than I was in the late '70s. Check out my cool '90s house. Cost me $273,000. That's almost four times our yearly income. Way more expensive than in the '50s. Housing is getting a little less affordable. Okay, the economy's doing well. How are we sharing all of this economic prosperity? Remember we started back in the '50s, and we saw how the high-income, the low-income, and me, the middle-income, we all saw similar growth in our income gains. We all got in on economic growth equally. That continued through the '70s. But wait, look what happens right here. Whoa. They're diverging. It's around the 1980s when you see the top earners start to pull away from the rest of us. Their income is going up faster than mine, and my income is going up a little faster than the low-income population. Okay, that's unsettling. I liked it more when they were all kind of, like, on top of each other, growing at the same rate. We'll keep an eye on this graph, but there's a bunch of other graphs starting to come out. Another divergence happening on how productive the economy is versus how much I get paid. They're both going up at the same time. I'm more productive, I get paid more, cool. But around the same time, the same split happens. My pay starts to flatline even as productivity continues to go up. - So then there's this period that starts around 1979 in the early '80s, where we see this pulling apart between economic growth and what typical workers and their families receive from that economic growth. - So, who's getting in on all this extra productivity? This growth that's happening in our economy, if not me? Well, let's check in on those CEOs. So remember back in the '70s, CEOs were making, like, 25 times more than the typical worker. Kind of seems like a lot. Let's see what happens here. Oh, my God! Look at this. Okay, whoa. By the end of the '90s, CEOs are making almost 400 times the typical worker. And I thought 20 times was a lot. - Those at the top are receiving much larger shares of that growing economy than those at the middle or at the bottom of the wage distribution. So that pulling apart, that increasing economic inequality, is apparent, no matter how you look at it; that high is going increasingly to the very top. - Okay, okay. But isn't inequality often seen as a byproduct of rapid economic growth? Could this be a good thing for our economy? Yes, people are getting really rich really fast, but it's because they're innovating and making our economy more productive. And plus, everything I've shown you is before taxes, guys. So, like, the rich pay a lot of taxes. Okay, so let's see what happens to the income of the rich people after taxes. Here we go. Oh, okay. Well, um.... The... The taxes didn't do that much. (light electronic music) There's something going on here. The rich are getting really rich really fast. I mean, what these lines all show is that 1980 was kind of this inflection point in our economy where the top earners kind of started to get in on most of the prosperity. And yes, there are economists who argue that inequality isn't bad for an economy. It actually spurs growth and investment into the economy. And eventually, that raises all boats. It trickles down. And advocates for this way of thinking say that we shouldn't focus on inequality, but instead on poverty reduction. Okay, poverty reduction, how we doing? Poverty plummeted after World War II. But you can see that at this time in, like, 1980, when inequality starts to get really bad, poverty basically stays the same, goes up for big series of years. So this is concerning, and this is my interpretation of the data. I'm sure some of you have very different interpretations, and I would love to see you down in the comments. Anyway, let's check in on the American dream. America's all about big risk, big rewards. So yeah, inequality's happening, but, like, if you can go from rags to riches, maybe that's very American and okay. If I was born in the 1970s, I'm now an adult in the 1990s, and the data says that 59% of us born to the middle income will outearn our parents. So that means that 40% of my peers here in the middle income will earn the same or less than their parents, even as we are seeing all of this economic growth. I mean, you can see this trend here. The American dream of being able to move up the ladder is becoming less and less a reality for a bigger and bigger portion of the population. Okay, so that was a big change from all the trends. Let's see what happens next. (clicks fingers) - [Doctor Who] People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect, but actually, it's more like a big ball of wibbly, wobbly, timey, wimy stuff. - Okay, we're moving into the new millennium. America's fighting a couple of wars. The economy's actually doing pretty well until, whoops, whoa. The bankers got a little loosey-goosey for a couple years, making obscene amounts of money and crashing the entire world economy. But okay, let's move on from the biggest recession of our time. We're arriving to the 2010s. This is a world that most of us are familiar with. Let's see how the median income earner fares. I don't work in a factory anymore. All of those have dried up and been shipped to Asia. So I now work as a middle manager at an insurance company, and my household income is $81,000 a year. Which is, wait a minute, same as 1997? But wait, during this same 13-year period from 1997 to 2010, the economy grew by this much. I mean, that line's going up, the economy's making more stuff, there's more prosperity. Even when you adjust for inflation per capita, the economy grew. There should be more to go around. But my household pay is the same as it was 13 years previous. Why? Well, we'll see in a second. But first, let's talk about my house. I always love talking about my house. Look at this beauty. I can still afford a house. In fact, here in, like, post-recession America, housing prices are actually pretty low. The bubble burst, interest rates had to go down to stimulate the economy. And so home purchasing was actually pretty accessible for a few years. But don't worry, housing prices will be back on the rise in a second. And in fact, they'll start rising faster than my income, making housing less and less affordable. And home ownership still seems to be available mostly for certain groups and not as much for others. In fact, that hasn't changed much since the segregation days. Meanwhile, I think I know what's gonna happen to this graph. Yep, the richer just getting richer faster than my income is going up, and my income's kind of stagnating. Okay, what about the CEOs? Do they pay a price for the big bubble burst? Nope. They didn't pay. I mean, they kind of did up and down, but they're still, by the end of the decade, getting paid hundreds of times more than me. Maybe they think they are hundreds of times more productive and they deserve it. (groovy contemporary jazz music) I mean, you get the point on the inequality stuff. This is what we've been hearing about for a long time. All of these graphs have the same shape, this great divergence that happens in the '80s, where the economy is growing, but the wages for the average person just kind of flatten while the top earners just sort of get in on all of that prosperity. Okay, but the American dream. You can climb the ladder, right? So if you're born in the 1980s, which I was, you're now an adult in the 2010s, and it looks like for the median earner, the majority of us will earn the same or less than our parents. Yeah, this is a problem and probably doesn't seem fair to a lot of people. But wait, there's hope. - [James Rhodes] "Star Trek," "Terminator," "Timecop," "Time After Time," "Quantum Leap," "A Wrinkle in Time," "Somewhere in Time." - "Hot Tub Time Machine." - Okay, I'm back. 2025, that's when I'm making this video. So that's modern-day for me. We went through a pandemic. The economy kind of got freaked out for a little bit. And the median income earner actually started to see some gains after years and years of flatlining. So you do see some potential movement here, some hope. But let's get back to the original question that we started this video with. Is the average American better now than they were back in the '50s, and over these decades that we talked about? In a lot of ways, the answer is yes. Especially if you are a woman or not white, then the answer is yes, at least in terms of economic opportunity. But what we've seen on this journey is that the American economy has produced an incredible amount of prosperity and growth over these last seven decades. And that was shared broadly by all of us for a time. But in the last 30, 40 years, the data is very clear that the fruits of the economic growth these days have not been broadly shared. One group is collecting most of the growth. And I didn't even talk about wealth, like the stuff you just own and how that makes money. We were talking just about income on this. Now, this isn't the first time that we've been in this situation. The top 10% collected almost half of all the income way back in the early 1900s before World War II. But we changed that. Look. And the income starts to be distributed more equally. But this graph tells the same story. Look, 1980, boom, here it goes. We're back. We're back to where we were. Now, does this mean that our economy is broken? No, actually, our economy is not broken. It is working exactly how it was designed to work. And this, and this, and this, and this, it's the result of changes to the rules, policies that end up determining who gets the money and who doesn't. These policies are made by people that we elect, and if we don't think that this is fair, we have the power to pressure them to design a system that is fair. Now, the median income earner doesn't have nearly as much power these days. The top income earners and the corporations have really gotten their foot in the door for the people who have the power to set the rules. So it's harder than ever. But this still is a democracy, and if we don't think a system is fair, we still have the power to pressure our politicians to change it. And it's not actually just about income inequality. Yes, that has risen. The rich get richer much faster. It's also about the American dream, this idea of being able to move up if you get educated, if you work hard. As inequality has gone up, the American dream has gone down. These graphs are built on robust data, and this is the story that it tells. The rungs of the economic ladder have gotten wider and wider apart. And that American dream, ironically, a term coined by a rich investment banker born into a rich family in New York City, that dream is looking more and more like a myth. (light thoughtful electronic music) - [Nick Carraway] No. - [Jay Gatsby] Why, of course, you can. Of course, you can.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [364 likes]: Get an exclusive 15% discount on Saily data plans! Use code johnnyharris at checkout. Download Saily app or go to https://saily.com/johnnyharris
  2. @Ryanrobi [1 likes]: The difference in top 1% income and the rest is mostly due to differces in the marginal productivity of the top 1% and that skyrockets up with the internet, software is just always going to be totally different than say factory work or any service/physical industry. There is actually a massive hit in marginal productivity after the early 70s because of regulations so it's impressive many service workers kept a similar salary in say construction, trucking a workers productivity is 40% less per hour than in 1970 similar in healthcare and education where as software is many times more productive per hour so of course they will make a lot more money. If you look at European countries similar productivity to us that still have little software and alot of manufacturing you see alot less income and wealth inequality same goes for states in America that do alot of high end manufacturing say Wisconsin and NH and not much tech have little inequality but states with alot of tech and less as a % of manufacturing like MA and California have enormous inequality even after they tax and redistribute much more.
  3. @HolyKoolaid [1 likes]: Reagan ruined everything
  4. @Ryanrobi: And the top 1% are different people every year with lots of churn most get pushed into it with a capital gain or big bonus of some kind or a sale of a business. I myself have been in the last 10 years in the bottom 20% of income to the top 10% twice and right now I am in the bottom 30% only because I choose to reinvest all my business profits to grow my farm and I only take a small salary but my wealth is much higher and growing faster than it ever did when I was in the top 10% income. 

Me and my 4;sibling grew up with a disabled single mom on welfare and all of us easily made it by our 30s into the top 20% or much higher, it's not very hard and there's still many ways to get ahead most people don't get ahead because people say the stats say it's impossible so they don't try. I remember my teachers saying how bad it was where we where born because it's to hard to get out I was like okay we will see about that and 18 years later I still talk with her and she's like your family is the only one that everyone escaped the trap.
  5. @ReginaldChislett: #UBI is the answer at this point.
  6. @krystenschultz4288: Im not sure if productivity going up means more prosperity when the jeans you bought 3 months ago are already falling apart.
  7. @gojiguy5436: I hate Ronald Reagan so much.
  8. @traintour3763: Red vs blue is still a game being played on us
  9. @thorstenschmidt21: Thanks for sharing. But my gut feeling tells me that we cannot change it just because of putting pressure on politicians. It doesn't matter if you are Democrat or Republican. In other countries it's the same
  10. @noahjjj51: Ugh, as soon as you showed the graph you LOOOOOVE around the 6 minute mark, I had to mentally prepare myself to be INFURIATED ONCE AGAIN....BY FUKKIN RONALD REAGAN!!! Because I knowwwwwwww it's coming'!!!!!! UGH!!!!! And I have to see that demon all day every day, because my Boomer Boss idolizes him, and has like 3 paintings and 4 framed photos of him in our office!!!! GROSS!!!!!!!!!!!!! (oh, and I absolutely LOVE your videos. They're so informative, entertaining, and creative!!! One of the best channels!!!! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK JOHNNY!!!!!)
  11. @the.trollgubbe2642: Yep, the more technology, cheaper production of everything , regular people have lost, while a handful becomes trillionaires
  12. @YakuzaRich: I appreciate you taking the time to make this content, but I disagree with the implication that taxing the wealthy caused all of this (or most of it).  The bigger issue at hand is that we've given employers all o the leverage.  Part of this was alluded to early in the video with reduction of unions, although unions are far from perfect and have lead to their own problems.

Taxing employers more won't lead to them increasing wages more.  There's just no other way around it.  If they have less income after taxes the last thing they are going to do is add more expense by raising wages.  Basically the following happened to give employers increased leverage:

1) Nixon's HMO Act of 1972 (caused massive spike in healthcare costs, Workers needed to work to get insurance)
2) The shift to jobs that require a college education (now workers are in debt before they earn their first paycheck)
3) The supply of workers, particularly low income workers, has greatly outpaced the demand (jobs) for those workers.  This includes the reapid addition of women to the workforce, the influx of both illegal aliens and immigrants on work visas, and the offshoring of jobs.

Now they are making housing so expensive and so tenuous that it is just creating more leverage.  And that results in the rich getting a a bigger piece of the pie.  Not taxes.
  13. @DoNotBlink666: Everyone forgets that the golden age of Capitalism came when marginal tax rates were at 90%.
  14. @DoNotBlink666: The productivity in America has increased dramatically. But most of that prosperity has not been shared with the people who have directly enabled its growth. It has gone to rich Oligarchs who now buy our elections to fck us even harder. We are no longer a Democracy, we are an Oligarchy.
  15. @sunamcm1: A variable that I'd like to see is how campaign finance factors into this. How much does it cost to get elected over these years? How much wealth do politicians acquire during this time through salaries, stock trading, book deals, etc. How much were they worth when elected compared to when they leave office?
  16. @DrBurgman: I find it hilarious that the concept of your videos is actually what you promote in almost every video. “ and thanks to my sponsor (AKA:some random scam app) if I didn’t have these ads well guys I couldn’t make these videos”. Oh yeah 200k a month isn’t enough huh??
  17. @DrBurgman: Of course the dream is still alive this is the most capitalistic society in the world. If you have the work ethic and the knowledge you will succeed. If you didn’t succeed you didn’t work smart or hard enough:
  18. @raquelespesmartinez7858: Cuanto mas pesan los gobiernos sobre el PIB, mas ganan los ricos. Con gobiernos que no disponían de tanto poder y tantos recursos, que roban sobre todo a los pobres, los ricos por sus méritos no se enriquecían tan facil.
  19. @luisfreitas3275: Up!
  20. @ikudbne1: I would have preferred a comparison by sex as well as a race comparison from then to now. May change some of the answers

- Luxury Fashion Is For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en the rich don't dress like you think they do they aren't buying Gucci belts St laon bags or Versace robes the middle classes take a look at these three bags two are from Walmart and one is from Louis Vuitton can you tell which one is the luxury brand sure it's easy when the LV logo is plastered all over it but I lied one of those other bags isn't from Walmart it's actually a Birkin worth over $30,000 mainstream luxury fashion brands have trained us to believe that branding is everything when in reality most high-end products are really only status symbols for those that can't afford it real luxury hides in plain sight if youve seen the show succession you're probably aware of how one character's featuress $625 cashmir hat help popularize conversations regarding stealth well while famous movie stars are often pictured in the regular designer brands that you've heard of like Gucci and Balenciaga many times they're paid to advertise it the truly Rich that aren't constantly in the spotlight have an entirely different kind of wardrobe one based around minimalism quality and fit for example those plain gray t-shirts that Mark Zuckerberg wears they are $400 custom made from Brunello Cinelli yet to most people it looks like it could be from Target in fact when the truly Rich do wear traditional luxury Brands such as pra and Valentino they have access to exclusive designs that hide their branding when most people think of luxury items they're often reminded of brands that have strong advertising and a recognizable logo or design whether that be a Rolex watch a Lamborghini sports car or Gucci flipflops they're all easily identifiable as luxurious while billions of advertising dollars have been spent to ingrain that message into your mind often they aren't the Pinnacle of quality by any means they are simply highly regarded as a status symbol like many other animals on Earth we place value on status symbols as they can project value upon ourselves male peacocks use their colorful feathers to attract a mate Penguins collect Pebbles to prove their worth and US humans purchase douchy luxury goods it's all the same status symbols merely attempt to prove that their owner is valuable the reason we don't see the ultra rich like Jeff Bezos dripped out and Gucci is because we all know he's Rich he doesn't need to prove it however when you see your neighbor or coworker wearing a new designer outfit you immediately begin to wonder about how they are able to afford it turns out a lot of the time they can't why you wear huh why do you dress like that like like that what's you wearing you look poor in places with great income inequality those people with lower incomes live under significant social stress their lower position in the social hierarchy is more obvious and More consequential in response some people purchase the kinds of goods that create the impression that they have money to spare even when they don't researchers examined Google search Trends across the US and found that people in states with relatively High income inequality were more likely to search for luxury Brands than those in other states you can actually map this correlation and you can see searches for luxurious Brands like Ralph Lauren or items like fur vest have the same breakdown as did the map of income inequality despite what we think that common luxury items are only purchased by the rich it's actually the lower and middle class consumers that account for nearly half of the luxury goods Market globally people like to criticize those that overspend yet they don't realize why people do it in the first place for example overpriced Air Jordan sneakers are popular amongst young African-American men including those from poor neighborhoods despite the fact that purchasing them might cause more financial stress for many it's considered a necessity critics of spending above your means on luxury items often fail to recognize the underlying effect that these luxury goods can have for some their status in society is insecure many people who are low-income can't afford to appear like they are low income it's hard to attract a romantic partner if you look like a broke loser and good luck getting a good job if you show up at an interview looking like someone who's never had a good job before the most obvious proof that these luxury items act as a necessary status symbol for the middle class is the sheer number of counterfeits that exist from New York's Canal Street to China's Alley Express you'll find no shortage of logo riddled items their quality is usually subpar at vest yet its demand continues to grow the more extreme income inequality becomes the more pressure people feel to create the impression that they are succeeding when the co pandemic shut down nearly everything it caused many middleclass folks to lose their jobs and place significant financial strain on the entire world you'd think luxury spending would crash during a time of Global Financial uncertainty yet the exact opposite happened Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton lvmh for short is a French conglomerate that owns many Brands such as Tiffany and Dior oddly enough the last few years has been an incredible growth period for lbmh it's Mark cap at one point crossed over half a trillion dollars and Bernard Arno CEO of lvmh became the richest person alive with a net worth over $200 billion there's not a singular reason why this happened but experts point to a few key findings that help tell the story for one studies continue to prove that income inequality causes both the rich to consume more luxury goods as they can afford to but also that poor individuals similarily consume more as a means to present themselves successful governments across the world also gave out stimulus checks during this period and many people used it to buy luxury items perhaps it's because they didn't know what else to use it for but studies show it's indicative of a cultural shift regarding how we view luxury a study from Bane found that jenzy consumers are starting to buy luxury items some 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 years old versus around 18 to 20 gone are the days where luxury items were exclusively for the rich now it's merely a savings goal for younger generations to eventually purchase these items by now pay later platforms like afterpay and luxury resale sites like the real real offer even more ways for those financially insecure to partake in this illusion people have babies with no money all the time and if you're so worried about it why don't you stop buying designer clothes huh I buy everything on eBay it doesn't count when you're wearing Marc Jacobs from Minneapolis as younger gener Generations increase their consumption of luxury goods these products lose their value as a means to Signal wealth even in the Simpsons what was supposed to be a cartoon about a lower middle class family has now done a collaboration with Balenciaga it's clear that mainstream luxury fashion brands had begun shifting away from targeting the rich and instead towards advertising to the middle class to rationalize their expensive price relative to Quality these luxury brands are careful to thread the needle between grow grow and scarcity many companies do limited production runs or even destroy their excess inventory to create scarcity luxury fashion items have some of the highest margins across all Industries and they keep it that way through projecting a false sense of exclusivity the idea that luxury has been diluted by the middle class has resurfaced many discussions regarding two so-called factions of well old money and new money old money would be someone like a member of the Walton family who famously founded Walmart and new money would be someone like your uncle who apparently made Millions buying Bitcoin being old money suggests a kind of generational familiarity to wealth that doesn't require someone to show it off compared to new money was suggest someone didn't grow up rich and has a need or desire to project their new found wealth this tension between old money and new money has existed forever perhaps most famously explored in F Scot Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby so social media especially since the show's succession seems to have really obsessed over the idea that old money is classy and new money is trashy especially when it comes to how they dress in the show when luxury items were worn they weren't from Brands you probably ever heard of and besides looking well fit and of high quality they weren't anything unique they are ridiculously expensive but only other rich people would know the show clearly suggests that old money has quiet luxury and new money left subtlety and everyone's laughing up their sleeves about your date what why why because she's brought a ludicrously capacious bag what what's even in there huh when we think of mainstream luxury Brands the first thing that comes to mind is often clothing that has its logo plastered all over it but most fashion brands such as Ralph Loren or Gucci typically also have a secondary sub brand or style that lacks any obvious signs of branding but also being higher quality and more expensive it's kind of like how Tech subscriptions have evolved you can use the cheaper version with ads or pay for premium and get a higher quality adree experience funny enough an entire fashion subculture has now emerged that tries to emulate the old money aesthetic on a budget which really just seems to be fashion designs like this companies like Zara and H&M have capitalized on this trend and although to some extent this is just another way of projecting a false sense of status at least it can be far less expensive and not nearly as obnoxious it goes without saying that not everyone that purchases flashy luxury items are insecure posers some just really like the brand and that's perfectly fine advertising and social media has effectively allowed Brands to communicate unique identities around their products and there's enough variety for everyone to find something they like there isn't anything inherently wrong with saving up to purchase a luxury item often people do it as a gift to themselves to celebrate an achievement the problem arises when these are used as a tool to project status especially during times of economic hardship while owning a home has become Out Of Reach for many in the middle class luxury consumption for the same demographic continues to go up while some may say it's our own fault as our priorities have shifted perhaps regular folks have merely given up on what used to be attainable and these luxury brands have done a better job of capitalizing on our insecurities so the next time you find yourself wanting to splurge on a luxury brand question the reason you have that desire in the first place is it because you actually really like it and think it provides a lot of value per dollar or is it something more who are you really buying it for yourself or so that others can see you owning [Music] it

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaisedMedia [4900 likes]: To be clear, the rich often still do wear items with the logo all over it. Everyone has their own style. The point is that these luxury items are no longer exclusive to the rich, in fact many luxury brands make up over half their revenues from the middle class! Nobody is judging you for wearing what you like, the point is that these brands have benefited from significant growth by targeting those in the middle and lower class. These luxury items are now engrained into our culture as status symbols of financial and social security and for many, have become essential to own.
  2. @LudvigBusiness [1 likes]: Most people are full of s***, dont buy these brands. Be better!!
  3. @Monkeyboy-e6s [1 likes]: I don’t even understand who thinks this shit looks good
  4. @swyaseen: So rich people just like over paying for simple stuff.  😂
  5. @JudeKS10: I think it's just that, for normal people, if you spend that much on something stupid you want people to know. Whereas for really rich people, they cost the less than going thrifting (pre 2020) for average people, so they don't care that much anymore and just prioritize quality
  6. @AnneZeledon: Everything is getting more expensive, curiosity drove me to explore the world of replicas, and luckily :yt: amzswis :yt: brought me amazing craftsmanship!
  7. @butterflyvibes8290: Real class is making people around you feel comfortable... not that they're "less" than you.
  8. @69ineey56: Its true, but some rich people just enjoy high fashion for fun
  9. @joseveryman76: I have to admit I always had some social insecurity, during school these “logo” clothes helped me somehow feel seen, years have passed, right now I still like fashion, but instead of logos I am truly interested in quiet luxury and scarce pieces that people might not even know, a gucci sweater where quality is amazing but no logos are shown, or a fendi bag that doesnt even have logos but for those who know, the piece is amazing, like the peekaboo, even buying during great deals or second hand, never to expect someone notice about them but wear them with dignity and loce to the piece. But I agree “luxury fashion” is a way for people to represent an image that makes them feel secure with themselves being constantly exposed to this overly judging society and thus being constantly compared
  10. @ZeroInDaHouse: Suckers willing to pay to be a walking billboard to entice other suckers to do the same. Truly genius marketing.
  11. @CarolynGoodman-h3x: Who can resist this kind of mechanical beauty? By the way,  :yt: amzswis :yt: packaging is truly impressive.
  12. @Andrew-cm5tc: You immediately begin to wonder how they were able to afford it.....debt...the answer is usually debt. Ralph Lauren, Vineyard Vines, and LL Bean are all you need.
  13. @JeanDix-c5t: Amazing review! It makes me want to browse  :yt: amzswis :yt: for something similar.
  14. @KathleenWaller-j9q: Shipping was smooth, packaging protective, and the package arrived intact. Customer service was patient and provided excellent service. Bag quality is excellent, thanks :yt: skydup :yt:.
  15. @StephanieLeeper-k2w: For beginners, it's important to start with a reputable seller like  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  16. @JeriFranklin: The traditional 70th anniversary gift is platinum. It would be great to get a platinum GMT at :yt: amzswis :yt:. My wacky suggestion is a platinum GMT, ice blue dial, and chocolate brown bezel.
  17. @mattriarchal: These pieces are for people who can’t afford it to set themselves apart from people like they are who also can’t afford it
  18. @ironfist4457: This consensus on fashion is already dead, quiet luxury is such a joke 🤣 the quiet luxury virgin vs the hype luxury chad 😭
  19. @tommymarsiglia: So sad that Jordans are made by slaves and worn by people highly against slavery..
  20. @jacobmeyerson2420: This just shows how I have deviated so far from "normalcy" that I might as well be shrek or the grinch at this point. If I can afford my addiction to nicotine and substances thats the only thing that matters.

- The Top Investment Trends of 2026 That Will Make You Rich': Kind: captions Language: en Most people think getting rich is about finding one perfect investment. One stock, one crypto, one lucky break. But if you actually study how wealth is built in real life, especially in today's world, you realize something very different. It's not about one move. It's about understanding where the world is going and placing yourself slightly ahead of it. 2026 is not about hype anymore. The era of blindly chasing trends is fading. Now it's about positioning, smart positioning, quiet moves, boring decisions that compound aggressively over time. Let's start with the first major shift. Income is becoming more important than speculation. A few years ago, people were obsessed with buying assets that might go up. Now, the smartest investors are asking one question. Does this pay me consistently? Dividend stocks, cash flowing businesses, rental income, digital assets that generate yield, these are not exciting on the surface, but they create something powerful. Stability. And stability gives you leverage. When you have consistent income, you don't panic. You don't sell at the wrong time. You stay in the game longer than everyone else. The second trend is ownership over labor. If you're only trading your time for money, you're playing a game with a ceiling. In 2026, people are building systems. YouTube channels, online businesses, digital products, automated stores. The barrier to entry is lower than ever. But the difference is execution. Everyone talks about passive income, but very few actually build it. The opportunity is not gone. It's just quieter now, less crowded with hype, and more rewarding for those who actually do the work. Then there's artificial intelligence, not as a buzzword, but as a tool. The people making money are not the ones talking about AI. They're the ones using it to increase output. One person today can do what used to take five people. That means margins go up. That means businesses scale faster. That means individuals can compete at a level that was impossible before. Investing in AI related companies is one thing. But becoming someone who leverages AI daily, that's a completely different level of return. Another major shift is global diversification. Smart investors are no longer tied to one country, one currency or one market. They understand risk differently now. They spread assets across geographies, currencies and industries. This is not about fear. It's about optionality. When you have options, you make better decisions. When you're stuck in one system, you're forced to react instead of plan. And here's something most people ignore. Cash is no longer trash, but it's also not king. It's a tool. In 2026, liquidity is power. Having cash available when opportunities appear is what separates average investors from great ones. Markets move fast. Opportunities don't wait. If all your money is locked up, you miss the moment. Now, let's talk about something uncomfortable. Most people don't lose money because they picked the wrong investment. They lose money because they can't control themselves. They panic. They chase. They compare. or they follow noise. And that's where the second part of this idea comes in. Something that sounds unrelated but is actually deeply connected. When you stop contacting a man, he will do these things. At first, he notices the silence. That constant attention he was used to. It's gone. The messages, the reassurance, the energy. You pulled it back. And suddenly, there's space. And in that space, something interesting happens. He starts thinking. This is exactly how markets work. When you stop chasing an investment, when you stop obsessing over every price movement, when you stop reacting emotionally, the market comes to you. Opportunities become clearer, decisions become calmer, you're no longer desperate, you're selective, back to the man. If he values you, he leans in. He reaches out. He tries to understand what changed. If he doesn't, he drifts away. And that tells you everything you need to know without you forcing anything. Investing works the same way. If an opportunity is truly strong, it will show consistent signals. It will prove itself over time. You don't need to chase it aggressively. You don't need to convince yourself it's good. The best investments don't require emotional attachment. They require patience. Now, here's where people go wrong. They over contact. In relationships, that looks like constant texting, seeking validation, forcing attention. In investing, that looks like overtrading, constantly checking charts, jumping in and out of positions. Both behaviors come from the same place. Insecurity. And insecurity is expensive. Confident investors don't need to act all the time. They wait. They observe. They understand that not every moment requires action. Sometimes the best move is no move at all. In 2026, discipline is becoming the rarest skill, not intelligence. Not access to information. Everyone has that. But discipline, the ability to sit still when everyone else is panicking or chasing. That's where wealth is quietly built. Another key trend is simplicity. Complex strategies are being replaced by simple, repeatable systems. Index investing, consistent contributions, long-term holding. These are not new ideas, but they're becoming more powerful as noise increases. When the world gets louder, simple strategies perform better because they remove emotion. People underestimate how powerful consistency is. Investing a fixed amount every month into solid assets doesn't feel exciting. It doesn't look impressive on social media. But over years, it creates something most people never achieve. Real financial independence. And here's the truth. Most won't tell you. Getting rich is often boring. It's not constant wins. It's not viral moments. It's small, disciplined actions repeated over a long period of time. It's saying no more than you say yes. It's ignoring opportunities that don't fit your strategy. It's being okay with missing out because missing out is part of the process. You don't need every opportunity. You need the right ones. And the right ones usually look boring at the beginning. Now, think again about that silence. When you stop contacting someone, you're not playing games. You're creating clarity. You're stepping back to see what naturally moves toward you and what doesn't. In investing, stepping back does the same thing. It removes noise. It reveals patterns. It helps you see which assets are actually strong and which ones were just hype. 2026 is rewarding people who think long-term. Not 5 days, not five weeks, 5 years, 10 years. That's where real compounding happens. That's where small decisions turn into massive outcomes. There's also a shift toward personal branding as an investment. Your skills, your audience, your reputation, these are assets. Now, people are monetizing knowledge, building communities, creating leverage through attention. This is not traditional investing, but it's one of the highest ROI opportunities available today. Because when you control attention, you control opportunity. And opportunity leads to income. And income, when managed correctly, turns into wealth. Everything connects. The biggest mistake you can make right now is thinking you're too late. That everything good has already happened. that the best opportunities are gone. They're not. They've just changed. The easy money phase is over. Now it's about smart money. It's about understanding trends, staying disciplined, and positioning yourself ahead of the average person who is still reacting instead of planning. And just like in relationships, the moment you stop chasing and start choosing, everything shifts.

- 7 Habits of Millionaires - That Most People Learn Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you the seven habits of millionaires that most people learn way too late these help me stop wasting Life as a broke 24-year-old and become a cash millionaire at age 27 if you start today they'll literally compound into millions so let's dive into the seven habits of millionaires starting with habit number one talk to strangers everyone is one conversation away from achieving their dreams you've probably heard this before your network is your net worth but it's not just knowing people see a lot of folks make it a game of like I know this person and I have this contact and I have this email but you don't know them and honestly they don't want to help you and that is the big thing it's not who you know it's will they support you when you reach out to them and the only way you can even start a relationship is learning to talk to strangers learning how to go from cold I've never met you to warm this person wants to help me in my life to do this right you have to learn how to introduce yourself it's the number one skill that I teach all young men that I coach so the format is this you say hi my name is then I help then get desired outcome then your unique process for me when I was building SAS Academy I would say hi my name is d mtell i help software CEOs get growth in their business with our perfect exit strategy then the person can lean in and ask you well how does that work you can practice this every day all day long when you go into a retail store ask the person how late do you guys stay open it sounds so trivial but learning to ask a complete stranger a question getting those anxious feelings out of the way and just making it who you are asking the waiter how long they've been working there or what they would order if it was their birthday those are all great ways that on a daily basis you can build this muscle and overcome the fear of talking to strangers when I decided I wanted to go be on other people's podcast I sat down and I sent personalized messages to over 500 podcasts I knew my goal was to just get reps it was less about being on the right podcast and more about getting time on a podcast and even though it sucked not getting replied to or getting NOS I learned a long time ago that if I want to win I have to fight for the NOS not the yeses and that's why I reached out to so many people so I could learn to talk to strangers learn to answer the question what do you do how did you get started what is your story before you get the opportunity to have your Oprah moment you have to be ready for it the more hands you shake the more money you make and if you're not talking to strangers then you're not learning anything new they don't know about you you don't know what they know you already know what you know asking question gets you new information to be able to grow your life but you can't build your network if you don't make time for it before I share number two we have a goal of hitting 1 million subscribers so if you haven't already take a second and hit subscribe below which brings us to Habit number two manage your energy flows most people confuse work with getting things done see I used to work 100 hours a week I was burnt out stressed out overworked and I couldn't figure out how to get out of it now I work less than 40 hours a week but I'm way more productive the reason why is I focus on Energy Management not time management one of my favorite quotes on this by Benjamin Franklin is that if you fail to plan you plan to fail to make sure that I get the most out of every day and I used to think I was productive I wasn't I do these things first off is I make sure everything I do is blocked in my calendar I'm talking personal professional workouts date nights I need to see if I have capacity for more I need to understand if there's conflicts or I don't have enough time to get a project done what has to get dropped so that I can deliver on my commitments if I don't put it in the calendar then I'm playing a game in my head and your brain was not designed to retain a lot of information it was designed to solve problems so take the stuff that you want to get done out of your head and put it into your calendar the other thing that took me a long time to learn is put the most important task first this is what all millionaires do they wake up and they attack the moneymaking projects first thing in the morning because if they get those things done right everything else takes care of itself it's the leading Domino most people make the mistake of saying freedom is doing what I want with who I want anytime I want the truth is is that if you don't write things down in your schedule and know what you're saying no to then a yes is a no to your dreams cuz if you say yes to somebody to taking the day off and going to the beach but you don't know what you're giving up then essentially you might be saying no to your dreams your goals of the future by saying yes to the present that is not what millionaires do and if you want to make make this even more powerful review your calendar the night before 8:00 p.m. every night it's in my calendar I review the next day even though it's pretty well baked a week ahead of time I just want to ask myself does this feel good does it flow right am I having the right conversation am I focusing on the right projects if not I make adjustments and this next one is on every Millionaire's calendar which brings us to Habit number three feed your mind one of the greatest gifts my dad ever gave me was when I got out of rehab at 17 years old was a decision to give me an unlimited budget for computer books he told me as long as I finished it he would pay for the next one and my dad didn't have unlimited means I knew how much of a stretch it was for him to be willing to say this to me but he understood and I eventually learned the power of self-education the value of reading a book understanding how to solve problems on my own since then I've read over 1,800 books what's crazy is a book can give you 20 years of knowledge in a few hours for just 20 bucks any new goal that I set for myself I always ask what are the three to five books that the best in the world recommend around that topic if it's Fitness if it's relationship if it's business and then I go deep not only do I read them I study them I ensure that when I'm reading them I'm thinking how can I apply this today and then also how do I teach this to others I read to learn not to finish the moment I get a massive takeaway from a book I go execute and if I never come back to that book cuz it solved my problem I have no problems not finishing a book I honestly believe for myself and many of my friends that are millionaires reading first thing in the morning primes our mind it gets us ready to find Opportunities all around us and the coolest part is when I read those 10 pages minimum every day I'm looking for something that I can use to serve the world with in that energy of going on the hunt and highlighting different options to then share on my Instagram I think that's what makes the book work for me if you want to go deeper and learn how I think about my calendar and buying back my time then get my book I put 27 years of experience into this book and distilled it into the only strategies you need to read to get the most out of your life but knowledge alone won't make you a millionaire which brings us to Habit number four be obnoxiously curious the other day my kids started asking why and then I said stop asking me why and then the other one started asking why and then both of them just kept going why why why and it occurred to me I don't want to stop them from being curious but I think in this moment they were messing with me that idea of asking why and being curious is a powerful way to challenge any situation if you don't learn to ask questions even if it makes other people feel uncomfortable then you'll never understand the reasoning behind why something is being done for you to be able to use that in other areas of your life Albert Einstein famously said I'm not talented I'm just curious years ago I was hanging out with my mentor at a dinner party I said to him it was interesting watching you because you just sat back and listen to everybody's answer yet I knew you already knew most of the stuff you were hearing why did you do that and he said I already know what I know learning from other people is how I progress my life forward I think some people just talk too much and that one hit me as an extreme extrovert I realized I wasn't asking enough questions so this is exactly how I use curiosity to become a millionaire first off I would ask my customers the ones that bought and the ones it didn't buy why didn't they buy what was missing for them to say yes the ones that bought what did you believe to be true that made you think that this is the right product for you I asked my team why I asked them why did you decide to work here why are you deciding to do this why do they prioritize certain projects how do they think about their work and where they want to end up in the future being curious about your customers and your team is how you develop a different mental model to be able to solve problems that are more effective even more importantly to that is asking yourself why why do you react that way why do you feel anger when those situation happens what gets you frustrated I always say the world will show you where you're not free a life unexamined is a life that wasn't lived for you to truly express yourself in business with your family with your friends you have to understand who you are even today I was just recently at one of my mentors Patrick B David's office and I saw a poster on the wall and I asked one of the sales guys what's that poster and he told me that it's all the goals of the business and the way it works is that if the bottom people don't hit their goal cuz there was a reward next to it the people at the top don't get theirs and I thought to myself how's simple of an idea to get everybody aligned in the business with their goals across different departments I took that idea I created the Align goals ladder within my business and now I've got my team operating towards a common goal because I got curious when I was visiting another office which brings us to Habit number five ask for feedback when my brother started his Home Building Company he almost went bankrupt the reason why is he built a product that nobody wanted to buy how did he end up doing that because he didn't ask for feedback he knew his Target customer was firsttime home buyers specifically women but he never asked them about his designs the locations the finished the fit and he ended up building these houses that are said to have no curb appeal before he ran out of money he called me up and we changed the whole strategy instead what we did is we identified five women that were his ideal customer ran around to all the open houses that were going on by his competitors collected all the feedback about what these women love then fed that to the designer so he could architect the perfect home he went from almost going bankrupt to building and selling 16 homes in his first year that's the power of feedback money Runs Out feedback multiplies what's unique about my Approach in business that allows me to make a million in my first year minimum is that I start expecting that something's wrong about my idea I'm looking for how to validate my assumptions not holding on to the belief that I'm right and then hoping the market responds no business plan survives first contact with a customer in the book good to great Jim Collins talks about shooting bullets lead bullets at the Target so that you can refine your focus and only once you're hitting the target with multiple bullets you then load up the cannon and take a shot because you know it's going to hit the challenge with feedback is that you have to be careful who you listen to I used to make the mistake of just asking everybody for feedback people that are not your Target customer even people that signed up for your product but never used it cuz you didn't check are horrible people to ask for feedback from I see this even when people hire and fire employees when they're leaving the company after they fired them they're asking them for feedback for what they could have changed why would you change your business for somebody that you decided to fire this no longer there so yes get feedback but ensure you get it from the right people but the next habit is one that millionaires can't live without which brings us to Habit number six measure everything a year ago I decided I wanted to have visible ABS why well I heard there was 22 million millionaires in the US but there's only 3 million people with visible apps so I thought it'd be a fun little project not 90 days what changed everything specifically though I had to measure all aspects of my health I had to measure my macros I had to measure my workouts I had to measure my weight these are things that I recorded on a daily sometimes twice a day basis so that I could ensure I could drop 33 lb in 90 days and have absolutely shredded ABS the best part is I've kept it up 12 months later how by continuing with the measurement one of my beliefs is what you measure with specificity and frequency expand hands I get a daily cash email for all of my companies so I can understand how money moves in and out of my businesses on a daily basis and I use that as almost like a heartbeat for how my companies are doing yes my CFO creates reports but at the end of the day something as simple as cash and wanting it to expand and focusing on it is I think one of my key strategies that I would never get rid of but even with all the tracking in the world none of the millionaires I know would make it anywhere without this last habit which brings us to Habit number seven default to action I have people talk to me all the time about starting their next thing starting their first thing and they always put it off they wait until the situation is perfect the truth is it's not about making the right decision it's about making any decision and then making it right here's how much I personally believe in taking action when you know it's on your heart in 2012 my company flowtown was bought by demand force and I had to stick around for 12 months it's called your earnout so that I receive the full amount that they bought me for yet after a few months of being there came up with a new idea this concept called Clarity and I knew on my heart I really wanted to do that but I also knew leaving was kind of a dumb financial decision but I decided after 7 weeks of working on that idea that I had to go do it after 3 months I not only rais 1.6 million in funding demand Force got acquired by into it for 600 million which meant that it triggered a clause in the contract that meant that I still got paid out my earnout that's when I reinforced this belief I heard a long time ago which is the world rewards those that take courageous decisions and your default to action is you making that courageous decision courage isn't making a decision when you have no fear courage is making a decision in spite of fear if I didn't decide to go work on this new project I probably would have never got to that next level of growth and got the money not only from the exit but from eventually exiting that second company I bet on myself and that's what I want you to do for yourself you want to be patient with your results but impatient with action you might be young thinking I need to be further along or you might be further along in your life and say why am I not further along I'm telling you just be impatient with daily action be consistent but also understand results sometimes take time you can't make a baby in one month with nine women what millionaires do different is they don't just talk about doing the thing they actually do the thing by the time you hear about it through their mouth they've already taken action on it because they have a process for taking action one of them I like to use is this concept called mens your most important Next Step if I can just distill where I feel blockage in my life to move forward into that next step and then just commit to taking any action towards that one thing not the bigger thing that usually gets me building momentum and momentum is contagious money likes speed your ability to process imperfect information and make a decision is what makes the best entrepreneurs millionaires but it's not just only what I do that makes me a millionaire it's what I don't do if you want to learn the seven things I quit to go from broke to millionaire click here and I'll see on the other side

  Top Comments:
  1. @danmartell [53 likes]: Those are the 7 habits of millionaires people learn too late...

Let me know your biggest takeaway in comments below:)
  2. @jonathanattrill7910 [2 likes]: Many books are dribble and waste your time. It's sometimes difficult to find great books
  3. @TheRichZone. [1 likes]: Follow me for wealth related content.
  4. @FranciscoZapata-s2f: If I thought like a millionaire I would be bankrupt. 😅
  5. @BestiarioFinanciero: Come on :D :D
  6. @TheBullyWealthProgram: uplifting
  7. @jamesbrady5751: for my basic talking to stranger thing
i do this
1. hi, how are you doing
2. whats your name (exchange names and SHAKE HANDS)
3. are you from around here
4. what do you do for work
5. what do you do for fun.

i promise, genuinely every single time atleast one of those will open up entire pathways to longer conversations. the point is not to check each one off, the point is to find one thatll open up more side conversation, and go deeper.
  8. @ovrlefty: thank you
  9. @CarolineJellison: 3,000,000 people have visible abs!
  10. @ReviveEra: That's great 👍
  11. @sarahhorgan3581: For me the biggest take away was the importance of reading and how you read a minimum 10 pages a day. Thanks for this video,  I found it very interesting
  12. @RebeccaJenkins-w4v: I want to be a billionaire
  13. @CYNDIBABSDELOSSANTOS: @andresochoa4597
  14. @I.am.Christopher: AGL 🔥
  15. @patilott6863: Thank you this is great advice.
  16. @CedricScott-z2b: Game changer
  17. @lawcorp: You can't make a baby in One month with nine women. Best entrepreneurship advice lol
  18. @isabelledywili: Wow wow wow thank you 👌🏾 solid information 🎯
  19. @demoncutshere: The most subscribe comment
  20. @AranLuxman: amazing video

- The 4 Most Profitable Businesses to Start in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en these are the four best smartest and most profitable businesses that you could start in 2025 as the co-founder and president of a $100 million business that has analyzed $5 billion doll worth of businesses over the past 5 years I see every single day what kind of business models succeed and which ones fail and based on the current markets there are four business opportunities that I would personally go into if I wanted to start a million-dollar business in 2025 before we even get into the four business models of 2025 we have to go over what makes for a good business there are two things that you should focus on when deciding what kind of business to start the first is the buyer income the idea is sell to rich people go up Market better to start with premium High ticket low volume then scale with small ticket and high volume why is that people with more money are willing to have their problems solved the second decision when deciding what kind of business to start is looking atone market growth rate now you can easily Google this to find out how fast a market is growing in order to decide if right now is a good Market to start your business in what's really cool about 2025 is we are going to have a golden era of growth in our economy there has never been a better time than right now to start a business and to make a lot of money especially in the United States of America creating an online coaching business is super cool and awesome and I know a lot of people who have found success doing that but at some point there is a cap in what that person can actually generate because it is a business based off of them in an industry that might not have the growth rate that they're looking for the idea behind this is now probably wouldn't be the best time to choose the opportunity to go into the printing business all of the world has moved on digital now sure is there opportunity for certain things to be printed of course there is and somebody somewhere can make money doing that but is that the most strategic business to start right now probably not you can make money but there's not the Headroom to be able to truly grow and scale a large business and think of how many printing businesses or faxing businesses are no longer in business because that's not how we do business any longer if they would have chosen to go into the streaming business there would have been tons of Headroom so this is the type of thought process that you have to have if you're looking to start a business that's going to scale in 2025 because the growth rate is so important let's go through these four best business models in order of how fast their markets are growing starting with pet care this one is unexpected but the Pet Care Market has been growing annually by 5% so let's talk about some stats in the United States the Pet Care Market is expected to grow from 151 billion in 2024 to $251 billion in 2030 so if you want the entry point for the Pet Care space you should focus on high-end services like pet sitting pet grooming or Premium Pet treats what's so cool about the Pet Care space is you're trying to solve the problem not necessarily of the pet but of the owner so sure you could focus on making the world's fanciest treat but what problem does the owner of the pet have and how do you associate your service Your solution with that owner now I think of all of the team members that are required to travel inside of our business and some of them pay a hefty amount to send their beloved Pooch to a pet hotel and then the pet hotel has all of these additional Services all of these ways to be able to look at and watch the dog or cat to be able to communicate with the dog or cat and it is solving this huge guilt related problem that my team member has because they can't be with their pet all the time or throughout the day so if I was going to cut out my piece of this industry that's exactly what I would do I would focus on premium solutions for busy business owners busy moms busy dads who can't spend time with their pets but feel very guilty about it and that guilt will drive them to invest and spend more money on their pets and making sure that their fluffy little loved one is well taken care of throughout the day if I was looking to create a business I would lean into the guilt that pet owners have about not being with their pets the wildest types of products have been created for pets in the last decade everything from snout soothers to spa treatments where pets actually have cucumbers on their eyes there is so much money to be made as the urbanization of the United States continues to happen people live in smaller homes smaller Apartments they are busier and have more demands therefore cannot be with their precious Pooch but want to be able to provide their most beloved family member with something that removes their guilt and treats their pet the second strongest business opportunity for 2025 is in the health and wellness space the health and wellness industry is a gold mine for new businesses with a projected compound annual growth rate of 8.6% I know this to be true because one of our primary Investments inside our Ventures business is in the health and wellness space we made a small investment 3 years ago in a business that was generating $2 million and this year that business will do over $100 million why people care about their health longevity is not just a trend it is something that people prioritize in a post-pandemic world where we feel like the healthcare system failed us consumers want better information more data about themselves and more options that they truly understand where they're actually in control of how they feel and the future of their health with the traditional Healthcare System failing US during the pandemic if you love the health and wellness space you no longer have to use that you don't have a degree as your barrier to be able to start a business in the space because you have access to real time information that doctors have access to a doctor who got their medical degree 20 years ago has to entirely understand what has evolved in the field of medicine and most of them don't keep up to date on this so the health and wellness field has never seen the opportunities that are about to be created in 2025 and Beyond because of this barrier that has practically evaporated in front of us now if you do have a degree there is still hope for you because the global Wellness economy was valued at $5.6 trillion in 2022 and is projected to reach $8.5 trillion by 2027 what does this mean for you people are still investing in their health they want Solutions and you are trained specifically to be able to provide those things to them so how can you pivot your products and services to be able to be more focused on Med spas or tele medicine or Wellness treatments and centers that cater to high-end clientele people want these solutions they want these products you can just change the service offering instead of going through traditional Healthcare traditional hospitals and partner with somebody who is business savvy to create the health and wellness Empire of your dreams the third business model that's worth starting in the next year is an industry with nearly a 10% compound annual growth rate and it's sustainable and eco-friendly products sustainable and eco-friendly products have a 5year compounded annual growth rate of 99.9% compared to 6.4% for conventional products so what does that even mean well what's wild about sustainable products is you could apply it to anything that people purchase so the barrier to entry is ridiculously low because this can apply to cosmetics it can apply to Skin Care it can apply to fashion clothing garments shoes the idea of sustainability and products that are sustainable can be looked at from so many different lenses because there's no shortage of things that are made in a non-sustainable way 2025 brings no better time to hop on board this shift that really started two decades ago into more sustainable products and creating a more sustainable lifestyle as the perfect example this founder Vicky Sai took her small sustainable Beauty business business from completely unknown to getting celebrity deals with Jennifer andison and Drew Barrymore and eventually sold her business for $500 million the key to tatcha's success were unique ingredients that merged this idea of being eco-friendly with a sense of Premium luxury there is often the stigma of eco-friendly products being flat out boring so in order to succeed in this space with these types of products you'll need to combine this idea of sustainability with a fun and sexy brand that stands out and the key to making money in this market is to avoid the traditional granola type brands for these products instead develop a brand that emphasizes fresh and clean Aesthetics focusing on household goods beauty products pet supplements and make them eco-friendly finally we have the largest fastest growing Market where I would recommend starting a business in 2025 the demand for this kind of business is expected to reach a value of around $10.2 billion by by 2030 with a compound annual growth rate of 14% from 2022 to 2030 and it is social media Consulting specifically for businesses not creators I work with thousands of business owners and what I know is they know nothing about social media they don't know how to leverage it in their business they normally hire somebody who is very Junior and just because they think that they're young they think they understand how to communicate on social social has evolved so much over the last 15 years and you can no longer have your cousin your nephew your niece your daughter just handle your social media and have results you need somebody who actually knows what the heck they're doing if I was actually starting a business in the space I would Niche down so far I would pick one industry and I would pick one platform I would not just do social media because Instagram is very different from YouTube is very different from Tik Tok Twitter X I don't even know is Tik Tok still around by the time you're watching this so much uncertainty the point with that is you should pick one platform for one type of Industry where you are able to drive results for that business owner there is no shortage of opportunity in the space because what's so cool about this is you can actually make a business owner more money which means that they're willing to pay you more money the more you focus on business models that allow you to do exactly this the longer you're going to have retention with these customers if your products make somebody more money not just make them look better or feel better but actual dollars are generated it's easy to charge what you're charging and then charge more because they see a result and results can be created in the social space so one platform in one industry and you go Gang Busters learning how to get them results and you will have no shortage of people who are banging down your door in that space who want your services so here are two obstacles that I want to help you get in front of the first is onboarding and offboarding your client yes you might be fantastic inside the application and posting the content but if you were so great as a technician in the platform you might not be great on setting expectations and communicating what the process is for no longer utilizing your services you will get more business and create more confidence in the person that you're doing business with if you have a dialed in onboarding plan and a dialed in offboarding plan and you can even talk about the offboarding plan when you onboard them just so that they know that they're not going to be held hostage by your business and your primary responsibility is to set them up for Success that is how you gain trust with the business owner the second potential obstacle that you might run into is a talent acquisition there are so many different ways that you can try to solve this problem most people when they start a business like this think that they should offshore the talent and I would strongly recommend that until you have fantastic processes that you can prove work and that you can prove can be duplicated over and over again I wouldn't recommend bringing on offshore talent because it is going to create more of a lag and you're cutting a corner instead of really understanding what is working and what is not working before you bring somebody on that potentially has a language barrier and a time zone barrier as you build this business you being the person that understands it first then creating documentation to train somebody else who could then train somebody who lives in a different country how to do it is the best way to set yourself up for Success because I work with thousands of business owners I know what they are willing to spend in order to solve this problem and it is Mega dollars but the people who are providing these Solutions for them are very confused you are not going to be confused you could at least charge five if not $10,000 a month if you could guarantee that the results that you're driving would equate to5 or $10,000 a month plus the brand recognition so when you think about it like that it's very easy to start a business and create real value through leveraging social media but you have to gain the expertise first I know our business spends hundreds of thousands of dollars a month on social in order to be able to support the ads that we run and many businesses don't look at the fact that they run ads and that they're social should be complimenting what that ad strategy looks like we used to lose hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars all because our ad strategy was not in alignment with our representation on social and when these two things are combined there is an exponential effect that can take place in a business if you want to take the first step towards starting a business and envisioning your dream life check out this next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nikitka8762 [559 likes]: Profitable businesses change, but one thing is always true: you need a legal base. An LLC is usually the easiest start. Nexaalic can do that setup. Thanks for sharing 👌 good luck to new entrepreneurs in 2025!
  2. @sarahlovespet [211 likes]: Mindset is the hidden barrier. Most are conditioned to value a steady paycheck over entrepreneurial freedom. But wealth is a result of ownership and bold vision. The rich write their own stories. More need to unlock this blueprint.
  3. @EchoGroove74 [1 likes]: Most lists talk profit but ignore execution. A business only works if the foundation supports growth. The ones who win usually formalize early. Many start with an LLC via Nexaalic before chasing the next big idea.
  4. @jacobd7892: Try making me a solution for poverty, and not another person in poverty. There's a billionaire business project.
  5. @LuxuryNightlifeHub: greatful
  6. @Projectufo-s6q: We are looking for a model to promote our products and services beautiful
  7. @pubgiant24: well this didnt age well
  8. @fireflymary9269: Capitalism is sickening to me. Humans are insane. Your channel is flat out very telling about human psychology. Life in your reality is nearly entirely performative
  9. @prakritikpaintmakingmethod9579: Very nice
  10. @Smiling-i5n: I recently saw this video as you talked that we also start a business of skin care products but we know nothing how is this possible. I understand we start business of natural health even we don't have knowledge but skin care products are not possible.actually I am in confusion can you please explain it to me in another video I also start subscribe your video because I like it
  11. @RepayEvilWithGood: If she created a $100million business, why on earth doesn’t she name it and why is she recording videos? So many con artists out here today that I don’t trust many people at all.
  12. @BEN-d1l9e: You should read "How to Get a Job When You Are Broke and Desperate" by George Larrick. This impressive nonfiction book is a quick read and is the best employment guide about work, money, and success. It makes you feel smart. Don't miss out—google it now.
  13. @mohammedtukur-j6k: I’m genuinely mind-blown by the clarity of this!
  14. @placeholderprofile____: You NEED Louboutin nails sister. You're welcome =)
  15. @HerbertFinancial: Looking for strategies that actually move the needle for your business? Book a FREE consultation at Herbert Financial!
  16. @Gecko17k: It's extremely sad how much people want to pamper their pets but they won't have any children. 

This is why we have population decline.

I'd rather have a pet and use them to feel good, with cuddles and games, fun. 
Not using the pet to feel guilty and spend money. 

And, most importantly, I'd rather have a person or 3 to build up, pour love into (talks, teaching, disciplines like routine; also kisses, play, hugs) and see them become a successful member of society who does good things and also gives me grandchildren (maybe).

Maybe that person will even become a progenitor of a population know as my descendants. 

That, rather than feel guilty for not taking my dog to the spa.
  17. @kimberlykim8352: I’m sorry but I don’t know why I feel like she did this research on AI and reading from it. Am I the only one to feel that way?….
  18. @ownyourbloom-j8g: Marked
  19. @amryoussof6651: Thanks 🙏
  20. @HtrhdgSarg: Really liked the structure of this video.

- How To Tell If Someone is RICH (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In 2026, there [music] are now 15 silent signals that separate the quietly wealthy from everyone else. And most people have no idea what they are. Being rich in America is generally defined by having a net worth of at least $2.3 million, according to Charles Schwab's 2026 survey, down from 2.5 million in the previous year. Rich income is between 180 and $250,000 plus depending on the cost of living. Here at Alux, we run the largest network of high- netw worth individuals. And based on our unique insights, here are 15 indicators of wealth in 2026. [music] Welcome to Alux, the place where future billionaires come to get inspired. [music] Number one, strong, healthy, rested body and great skin. Glowing skin, strong, active, high mobility, high libido. It keeps you focused. Everybody's hiking and strength training these days. In 2026, the rich all have longevity health protocols. Many are running advanced longevity protocols, including GLP-1s and biors under premium medical supervision. Now, here's the most common stack. Pause and print screen if you need to. [music] Men are on a low dose of testosterone replacement. Plastic surgery is at never seen before levels, and access is trickling down from billionaires and celebrities into the lower rich class. Number two, owning a house. So, by now it's clear there are two very distinct classes of people. Those who own and those who [music] rent. Out of the owners, owning a house with the land under it, not an apartment, qualifies as rich. [music] 100% equity ownership, no mortgage or debt to worry about. Not having to worry about paying rent and having a private backyard went from a staple to a significant achievement. When it comes to the rich, 23% of their total wealth is in primary and secondary residences. Rich families own on average 4.1 properties. The rent from the rest serves as a safety net for their lifestyle. Number three, having more than two kids. Now, there are only two cohorts that have a lot of kids. Either they're really poor or they're really rich. Babies have basically become a luxury the middle class can't afford. Raising kids is expensive and exhausting. It requires more infrastructure than you would expect. [music] For the last 150 years, the relationship between money and babies was purely negative. Normally, fertility rates go down with income or net worth because it takes a while to get rich. But things changed this year. In 2026, we're seeing a fertility J curve among the rich. It's the first time that the ultra wealthy are having more babies than the middle class. The lower and middle class settle for dogs. Having more than three kids signals you have excess resources to support multiple human beings at a high level. Number four, a polished personal brand. You know of them without knowing [music] them. There's a story crafted around them. Their digital footprint signals competence [music] and paints a clean picture about who they are and what they stand for. Now, PR used to be just for celebrities, but now entry-level rich people use it because it ties into new opportunities. In 2026, PR for the wealthy has shifted from press coverage to narrative insulation. Who knows of you has become a lot more valuable than how many people know you. Number five, the mom doesn't work. [music] Now, this signals the whole family can be supported on a single income. It's no longer about traditional roles, but more about who you trust to oversee the development of your children and effectively run the household. It's not a flex to have two exhausted adults making 400K combined with kids in daycare [music] every day. The wealthy don't optimize for dual income. They optimize for control over time and upbringing. 68% of households with a net worth above 5 million have at least one parent fully focused on running the home. If you earn at least 1 million a year, go to alux.com/app and join our network. Number six, global travel experiences. You can travel on a whim without saving for 3 to 6 months in advance. You fly first class or business internationally. You have lounge access and get on the plane before everyone else. Your seat is a cabin. You're welltraveled and cultured. Your stories are global and not from the usual destinations where everyone else goes. You travel for health and beauty benefits. You've got friends around the world that you regularly chat with and are a part of a global network. Number seven, time freedom [music] to match with your high income. Now, time freedom without income is unemployment. [music] Income without time freedom is a trap. Wealth in 2026 is being available to do stuff during normal working hours, like [music] taking your kid to school or pulling them out of school on a Wednesday because you can leave the country for two weeks without [music] asking for anybody's approval. And your income doesn't flinch. Time freedom plus high income is the combination that actually feels like freedom. If your money stops when you stop, you're successful, not wealthy. Number eight, having a family office or being a part of a fund. There's infrastructure for your family's wealth. [music] Infrastructure managed by professionals, not by yourself as a hobby. Your accountant [music] doesn't use Turboax or QuickBooks. Outside of the day-to-day work, you are a capital [music] allocator. Alone or alongside others, you provide liquidity for opportunities others don't [music] have access to. In the last decade, the number of family offices set up globally has gone up by 75%. [music] managing approximately $5 trillion. In the US alone, the number of family offices investing in private equity, private [music] credit, real estate, and infrastructure has surged 524% since [music] 2016. The family's income is diversified and on autopilot. Number nine, not being in a rush all the time. What a joy it is to go through life not feeling like you're trying to catch a flight. They move with ease. They're calm. They're not angry for no reason, and they have time. They speak slower, more clearly, and they're more quiet than loud because they're not the ones doing the selling. Rushing is a middle class disease caused by scarcity of [music] time and money. Number 10, multiple passports. Now, in 2026, the wealthy hold citizenship or residency in at least two countries, usually one for lifestyle, one for [music] taxes, one for safety. Golden visas, citizenship by investment programs, and second residences are now standard. You move some money overseas. In case of a war or the government deciding to tax unrealized gains, you relocate. Now, the global citizenship by investment or CBI industry is now worth over $30 billion per year, growing 12% year-over-year for the past 5 years until last year when it jumped by 30%. The trend is accelerating and according to a nightfrank wealth [music] report, one in three ultra- high netw worth individuals have a second passport. Second [music] passports, residents, offshore accounts, and tax optimization strategies are the kind of conversations happening inside the Alux app. Scan the QR code on screen to get 25% off your yearly subscription. Number 11, control over your climate. Now, did you know that it can always be summer if you have enough money? Good weather helps dissolve depression. Health improves. Mood improves. Your networking improves. You smile more. Wealth is the ability to bypass the discomfort of geography. If the environment becomes hostile, you simply change your coordinates. Number 12, boats and private means of transport. Now, the global fleet of vessels over 30 meters now exceeds 6,200, and brokerage sales jumped 20% in 2025 alone. The United [music] States now owns 23.6% of the entire worldwide superyacht [music] fleet, the largest single nation share on record. Think about it, okay? Annual running costs on a super yacht are typically [music] 10 to 20% of the purchase price every single year. crew salaries, fuel, insurance, dockage, maintenance, etc. [music] And private jets cost roughly the same to own. So most charter or buy time shares. 2025 recorded 3.88 million private jet flights globally, a new all-time high. And in a world more controlled than ever, freedom to move around and privacy are becoming the ultimate flex. Number 13, no debt and quietly compounding assets. In 2026, we're seeing more clearly the separation of the rich individual from the money. The individual is always protected. One of our most popular courses in our app is about private equity. You want to see something cool? Look at this chart. This is why everyone is looking to buy businesses and build portfolio companies. [music] Instead of building, you buy. Other people run them for cash flow on your behalf. The money gets reinvested in appreciating assets [music] and you grow richer quietly. While the poor and middle class hope to 3x [music] on a sports bet or a crypto flip, the game in 2026 is holding something for 20 plus years and going on about your life. Number 14, you wouldn't trade your problems with others. Now, this one is more like psychological [music] wealth. Money fixes money problems and sometimes it fixes bad luck. And there's no such thing as not having problems. They're just different kinds of problems. Your worries are strategic, not survival. Think about it. If you and everyone you know put all of your problems into the same bag and you could pull out a problem at random, would you do that? When you reach the point where you look at somebody else's problems and quietly think to yourself, "Yeah, I think I'd rather still keep my own." Well, then you've crossed that [music] final invisible threshold of wealth. And number 15, being an optimist about life and the economy in 2026. Chronic [music] pessimism is the ultimate luxury tax paid by the middle class. The wealthy aren't optimistic because they're naive. They're [music] optimistic because they own the upside. Among the rich, there is this feeling that tomorrow will be better than today. And that's why you hear them say, "We're comfortable." Or, "We're blessed when it comes to money." And that's where the disconnect comes from. If you're a participant in the game of money right now, you're getting richer and your life keeps getting better. [music] If you're just on the sidelines, you don't realize why your life is getting harder and demand handouts. Optimism isn't a personality trait anymore. It is a direct result of ownership in 2026. At what point do you consider someone rich? And we've got people from all around the world in these comments. So, we want to hear from you. And the true aluxers watching until the very end, of course, there is a bonus. Today's bonus is about institutional access. So, wealth has always been access that others are not privy to. It's buying properties at a discount from a bank sale and not on Zillow. It's the invite only investment rounds for the [music] next big AI unicorn or whatever the hot thing is. The rich have these special avenues where they can make their money that you've never even heard of. The next expert in the Alux app is someone who makes hundreds of millions of dollars from real estate by only trading the paper from one seller to institutional buyers. They're called non-performing notes, and you'll learn everything about them and even how to secure government contracts. There's an entire world of elite business coaching outside of YouTube and inside of our app, and we cannot wait to show you guys what's behind the curtain. This is why the rich have an edge. If you're a true Alexa watching these videos until the very end, write the word edge in the comments and we'll see you inside the app.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JaminKalip [75 likes]: The Millionaire Mind System by Daniel Harrison gave me far more powerful insights and breakthroughs than all the many online trainings and courses I’ve taken. Honestly, I can’t believe this book is still so underrated.
  2. @CevikÖztürk [16 likes]: Every time I hear market is ready to grow, I just smile and check my percent in mevstake, withdraw right away
  3. @GurayEserR [10 likes]: There was a time when I thought I could outsmart the market. Now Im just glad that I still have a few positions in mevolaxy
  4. @stephaniewright-l3i [3 likes]: Videos like this always hit hard. Everyone talks about how investing "changed their life," but nobody explains how they got past the confusion in the beginning. I'm still stuck overthinking every decision stocks, crypto, timing... all of it.
Life is hard, I need other ways to earn income, If anyone here actually learned from someone who simplified investing in a way that finally clicked, please drop a name.
  5. @christopherwalker3600: edge
  6. @geoffreywonderful.youmadem866: Edge
  7. @AntonioPalermo-l8b: !
  8. @dr.franciscoj.rosadogarcia8330: Edge
  9. @Mak9080: Edge
  10. @stratechproperties7903: EDGE
  11. @SuccessMindset2180: 2025-2026 feel like a race to the top
  12. @Tam...: Wealth is also knowing how to do your own taxes and bookkeeping....I'm not putting all my trust into accountants and others...I'm keeping my quickbooks and turbo tax.. It is also good for learning and brain longevity....
  13. @shabbirabbas6134: So now the app is only for those earning 1m a year? 😮
  14. @savemoneygetinshape4395: Edge
  15. @shaheemjackson283: 🎶 On this day, I see clearly! 🎶
  16. @kevinnarine7864: Edge
  17. @ayushgautam6054: EDGE
  18. @dontgobreakinmyharp: Well, I'm on my way.  My home is paid off.  I have 3 citizenships and 2 residences. I make $$$K per year.🎉

Also,
Another fact is people marry once dont divorce have a higher net worth and are usually rich.
  19. @mikshank5039: Edge
  20. @LegendaryGeek1: Feeling pretty good now... I meet 7 or these 15 indicators. No family though so the one income and children does not apply. However, I always feel like I can do more lol

- How the US Is Destroying Young People’s Future | Scott Galloway | TED: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Scott Galloway, I teach at NYU, and I appreciate your time. I have 44 slides and 720 seconds. Let's light this candle. (Laughter) OK so for those of you who don't know me, I'm actually a global television store. True story. I've had four TV series in the last three years. Two of them have been canceled before they were launched, and two were canceled within six weeks. Let's recap. (Video) If we want to juice this thing, if we want to put a cattle prod up the ass of the economy. Bloomberg. The most trusted name in financial news. Not for long. Andrew Yang: I'm going to do whatever I can for this country of ours. Scott Galloway: Jesus, come on, dude, you’re 0 for two. (Video ends) Face for podcasting. So first insight of the day. I'd like to be the first person to welcome you to the last TED. OK. By the way, it's clear -- what's it called? What are we here for? “The Brave and the Brilliant?” It's clear that Chris is a frustrated soap opera producer. Essentially what we have here is a telenovela where, after a night of unbridled passion between Bill Gates and Malcolm Gladwell, they give birth to their bastard love child, Simon Sinek. OK, I start us with a question. Do we love our children? Sounds like an illegitimate question, right? Well, I'm going to try and convince you otherwise. Essentially, as we go down generations, we're seeing that for the last two generations, people are making less money on an inflation-adjusted basis. In addition, the cost of buying a home, the cost of pursuing education, continues to skyrocket. So the purchasing power, the prosperity, is inversely correlated to age. Simply put, as we get younger, we're taking away opportunity and prosperity from our youngest. The social contract that is now no longer in place and for the first time in the US's history, a 30-year-old is no longer doing as well as his or her parents were at 30. This is a breakdown in the fundamental agreement we have with any society, and it creates rage and shame. (Applause) As a result, people over the age of 55 feel pretty good about America, but less than one in five people under the age of 34 feel very good about America. This creates an incendiary. Righteous movements, cuts to our society end up becoming opportunistic infections because generally speaking, young people have a warranted envy, they're pissed off and they're angry that they don't enjoy the same spoils and prosperity that were provided to our generation. A decent proxy for how much we value youth labor is minimum wage, and we've kept it purposely pretty low. If it had just kept pace with productivity, it'd be at about 23 bucks a share. But we've decided to purposely keep it low. Out of reach. Median home price has skyrocketed relative to median household income. As a result, pre-pandemic, the average mortgage payment was 1,100 dollars, it's now 2,300 dollars because of an acceleration in interest rates and the fact that the average home has gone from 290,000 to 420. By the way, the most expensive homes in the world, based on this metric, are number three, Vancouver. Why? Because 60 percent of the cost of building a home goes to permits. Because guess what, the incumbents that own assets have weaponized government to make it very difficult for new entrants to ever get their own assets, thereby elevating their own net worth. This is the transfer I'm going to be speaking about. This has resulted in an enormous transfer of wealth, where people over the age of 70 used to control 19 percent of household income, versus people under the age of 40, used to control 12. Their wealth has been cut in half. This isn't by accident, it's purposeful. This is me at UCLA in 1987. I know your first thought is I haven't changed a bit. This is also Mia Silverio, who is the analyst who put together these slides. By the way, Mia is 26. I did the math, just by virtue of her being in this audience, it brings the average age of the entire conference down 11 days. When I applied to UCLA, the admissions rate was 76 percent. Today, it's nine percent. I received a 2.23 GPA from UCLA. I learned nothing but how to make bongs out of household items and every line from "Planet of the Apes." And the greatest public school in the world, Berkeley, decided to let me in with a 2.27 GPA. And that's what higher ed is about. Higher ed is about taking unremarkable kids and giving them a shot at being remarkable. And every year it's gotten more expensive. Higher ed and homes and the ability -- not only is higher ed incredibly expensive, it's not accessible. Because me and my colleagues are drunk on luxury, and I'll come back to that. We've embraced the ultimate strategy. Me and my colleagues in higher ed wake up every morning and ask ourselves the same question when we look in the mirror. How can I increase my compensation while reducing my accountability? (Laugter) And we have found the ultimate strategy. It's called an LVMH strategy, where we artificially constrain supply to create aspiration and scarcity such that we can raise tuition faster than inflation. And old people and wealthy people have done the same thing with housing. All of a sudden, once you own a home, you become very concerned with traffic, and you make sure that there's no new housing permits. And here is a memo to my colleagues in higher ed: we’re public servants, not fucking Chanel bags. Harvard is the best example of this. They've increased their endowment in the last 40 years and have decided to expand their enrollment, their freshman class, by four percent. Any university that doesn't grow their freshman class faster than population that has over a billion dollars in endowment should lose their tax-free status because they're no longer in higher education. They're a hedge fund offering classes. (Cheers and applause) My first recommendation: Biden should take some of that 750 billion earmarked to bail out the one third of people that got to go to college on the backs of the two thirds that didn't and give a billion dollars to our 500 greatest public institutions, size-adjusted, in exchange for three things. One, they use technology and scale to reduce tuition by two percent a year, expand enrollments by six percent a year and increase the number of vocational certifications and nontraditional four-year degrees by 20 percent. Where does that get us? In just ten years, in just ten years, that doubles the freshman seats and cuts the cost in half. This isn't radical. This is called college in the '80s and '90s. Another transfer of wealth. Look at what's happened to wages. Oh, they've gone up? Not as much as corporate profits. There's a healthy tension between capital and labor. But for the last 40 years, capital has been kicking the shit out of labor. Well, you think, what about wages, right? They've gone up. Well if you compare them to the S and P, they barely register. It's been an amazing time to own assets. But your attempt to get the certification or the income such that you can acquire assets has gotten harder and harder. In my class of 300 kids, it's never been easier to be a billionaire, it's never been harder to be a millionaire. By the way, our job in higher ed isn't to identify a top one percent of people who are freakishly remarkable or have rich parents and turn them into a super class of billionaires. It's to give the bottom 90 a chance to be in the top ten. You know who doesn't need me or higher education? The top 10 percent. The whole point of higher ed is to give the unremarkables, i.e. yours truly, who was raised by a single immigrant mother, a shot of being remarkable. The transfer has been purposeful. While the cohorts, corporations and the ultra-wealthy continue to garner more and more of our wealth, we have decided, "I know, if they win the gold, let’s give them the silver and the bronze, and let’s lower their taxes.” This transfer is purposeful. It’s not by accident, and it works. Senior poverty is way down, and we should celebrate that. Meanwhile, child poverty is flat to up. The third rail. I'm going to talk about Social Security. It would cost 11 billion dollars to expand the child tax credit. But that gets stripped out of the infrastructure bill. But the additional 135 billion dollars a year to Social Security, that flies right through Congress. And every year we transfer 1.4 trillion dollars from a cohort that is increasingly doing less well to the cohort that is the wealthiest cohort in the history of this planet. I'm not against Social Security, but the criteria should be if you need it, not whether you have a catheter. 80 percent of you, 80 percent of you have absolutely no reason to ever take Social Security. It is bankrupting our nation. And we have fallen under this mythology that somehow it's this great social program. No it's not. It's the great transfer of wealth from young to old. How is this happening? Because our representatives are in fact, representative. Old people vote. Washington has become a cross between the "Land of the Dead" and "The Golden Girls." Quite frankly, this is fucking ridiculous. And if I sound ageist -- If I sound ageist, I am. And you know who else is ageist? Biology. When Speaker Pelosi had her first child, get this, two thirds of households didn't have color televisions, and Castro had just declared martial law. But she's supposed to understand the challenges of a 17-year-old girl who’s 5′ 9", 95 pounds, getting tips on dieting and extreme dieting from Facebook? She's supposed to understand the challenges that a 27-year-old single mother faces? By the way, young and dreamy. Young and dreamy. The great intergenerational theft took place under the auspices of a virus. I know, let's use the greatest health crisis in a century to really speed-ball the transfer. This is the Nasdaq from 2008 to 2012. We let the markets crash. And by the way, you need churn, you need disruption because it seeds and recalibrates advantage and wealth from the incumbents to the entrants. It's a natural part of the cycle. But wait, lately, no, a million people dying would be bad. But what would be tragic is if we let the Nasdaq go down and guys like me lost wealth. So we pumped the economy, which again, increased the massive transfer of wealth. The best two years of my life? Covid -- more time with my kids, more time with Netflix, and the value of my stocks absolutely exploded. And who has to pay for my prosperity? Not me. Future generations who will have to deal with an unprecedented level of debt. Why am I here, and why do I get the prosperity I enjoy? Because in 2008 we bailed out the banks, but we didn't bail out the economy. We let the markets fall. So as I was coming into my prime income-earning years, I got to buy, no joke, these stocks at these prices. This is where those stocks are now. Where does a young person find disruption? When you bail out the baby boomer owner of a restaurant, all you're doing is robbing opportunity from the 26-year-old graduate of a culinary academy that wants her shot. We need disruption. I just like this slide. It has no context or relevance. (Laughter and cheers) We're economically attacking the young, but I know, let's attack their emotional and mental well-being. Let's take advantage of the flaws in our species with medieval institutions, Paleolithic instincts and godlike technology. I'm just going to say, I think Mark Zuckerberg has done more damage to the young people in our nation while making more money than any person in history. Oh, but wait, it could be worse. It's as if we let an adversary implant a neural jack into our youth to raise a generation of civic, military and business leaders that hate America. How can we be this stupid? This all adds up to a bunch of graphs all headed up into the right. And what are they? What's the first one? Oh, that's self-harm rates, which have exploded, especially among girls since my colleague Jonathan Haidt pointed out, it's really, really gone crazy since social went on mobile. What's the next one? Teens with depression. The next one, men and women not having sex. Biggest fear of my parents was that I was going to get in too much trouble. My biggest fear, honestly, is that my kids aren't going to get into enough trouble. My advice to every young person watching this program is go out, drink more and make a series of bad decisions that might pay off. (Laughter and applause) Next graph, cumulative gun deaths. You're more likely to be shot in the United States if you're a toddler or an infant than a cop. Next graph, obesity, way up. By the way, the industrial food complex wants to addict you to shitty, fatty foods so they can hand you over to the industrial diabetes complex. We should not romanticize obesity. You're not finding your fucking truth. You're finding diabetes. Overdose deaths, way up. Deaths of despair. When I was in high school, it was drunk driving, now it's kids killing themselves. Young people don't want to have kids anymore. Two-thirds of people aged 30 to 34, able-bodied, used to decide to have at least one child. It's been cut in half. It's now less than a third, 27 percent. As a result, people over the age of 60 in the US, pretty happy. People under the age of 30, not so much. Some of the lowest in the free world. What can we do? Nothing wrong with America that can't be fixed with what's right with it. We got the hard stuff figured out. There are programs to address all of these issues, they cost a lot of money, that's the hard part. And we have figured this out. In just five minutes post an earnings call, we can add a quarter of a trillion dollars to the economy. We've got the hard part figured out, the resources. We have the money, but we decide not to do it. This is per-capita spending on child care in the United States relative to other nations. This is housing permits. Things are doable. We increase minimum wage at 25 bucks an hour, it goes into the economy. The wonderful things about low- and middle-income households is they spend all their money. We have to have or restore a progressive tax structure with alternative minimum tax on corporations and wealthy individuals. We need to refund the IRS. We need to reform Social Security. It should be based on whether you need the money, not on how old you are. We need a negative income tax. My friend Andrew Yang screwed up a great idea, but he branded it incorrectly. Instead of calling it UBI, he should’ve got Republicans on board by calling it a negative income tax. We need to eliminate the capital gains tax deduction. When did we decide that the money that capital earns is more noble than the money that sweat earns? Shouldn't it be flipped? We need to remove 230 protection for all algorithmically-elevated content. We need identity verification. The reason we can have identity verification is because we have a First Amendment. Break up Big Tech. We have monopolies that are incurring greater and greater costs on every small business and parents because again, see above, our representatives don't understand these technologies. We need to age-gate social media. There's absolutely no reason anyone under the age of 16 should ever be on social media. We need universal pre-K. We need to reinstate the expanded child-tax credit. We need term limits, see above, Andrew Yang. We need income-based affirmative action. Any visible signs of affirmative action make no sense at all. You would rather be born gay or non-white, in the United States today than poor. And that's a sign of our progress and our need to recalibrate who we give advantage to. Affirmative action, of which I’m a beneficiary -- I got Pell Grants, I got unfair advantage -- affirmative action is a wonderful thing, and it should be based on color: it should be based on green. How much money you have or don't have. Expand college enrollment in vocational programs. Mental health, ban phones in schools, invest in third places, Big Brothers and Sisters programs. We need national service. We need to tell people in the United States and Canada that they live in the greatest countries in the world, and we need to remind them of that every day by exposing them to other great Americans where they feel connective tissue. We can do all of this. We can do all of it. We have the resources. The question is, do we have the will? This is my last slide. It is an emotionally manipulative slide to try and get you to like me more. But it does have a message. This is the whole shooting match. Anybody here without kids, ask someone with kids. You have your world of work, you have your world of friends, you have your world of kids. Something happens here, your whole world shrinks to this. So I present, as I wrap here, with just a few questions. One, if you acknowledge that our kids are the most important thing in our lives, that everything else we do here is meaningful, but our kids' well-being and prosperity is profound. If you acknowledge that they're doing more poorly than previous generations. If you believe there’s a chance that the illusion of complexity has done nothing but provide cloud cover for the unbelievable transfer of good will, of well-being and of prosperity And if you believe we can actually fix these problems and we have the resources, then I present to you, I posit, I augur the question that I hope has more veracity than it did 17 minutes and 24 seconds ago. And that's the following question. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TessaL-d9c [1 likes]: Stop complaining
  2. @user-ux3vw6mb4k [1 likes]: 9:22
  3. @Max-yj4sp [1 likes]: Close the borders, then watch how fast the cost of living goes down when people no longer fight over resources.
  4. @joefake-m4n: The health insurance is such an important thing in my mind. people could be entrepreneurs and take chances working at small businesses if there was a non destructive way to leave your employers health insurance and take a worthwhile gamble or two in life.
  5. @Bing-b8j: To rent an apartment they require 3X of the rent as income. Imagine most Americans can’t afford that
  6. @shanekim8418: do people really have to clap every time a speaker finishes making a point like cmon...
  7. @Mra6man: God be with us all especially our children
  8. @ShinYaguchiSama: 9:07 the minute you start means testing social security 
It’s gone
Don’t do it
  9. @peterland2824: Run for office!  You've got the priorities right and you can sell the ideas.
  10. @deborahdawn8192: How do you stop becoming just a cog in the billionaire's machine?  CEASE ALL CONTRIBUTIONS TO YOUR 401K!!!  Millions of you don't even REALIZE you have a 401k because you were enrolled without your permission and, likely, every year the % of your pay that YOU contribute (not your employer) is increased--without your permission.  Wall Street has a steady supply of new capital and commissions every time you get paid.  If EVERYONE STOPS CONTRIBUTING all at once, we will have Wall Street's attention.  The BULK of Wall Street money is not from billionaires but from "institutional money"--401ks.  Because most didn't even choose their investments, they have been defaulted into a "target date fund"--a method for Wall Street to maintain CONTROL over uneducated, UNPREDICTABLE investors
  11. @haydenmango808: now wait just a minute - every paycheck i recieved took that SS money oyt of my hard earned pay - that is my money being retkurned to me! so why is it bankrupting the country? becuase they used our money!
  12. @lordofcinder0693: ID Verification is a scam
  13. @ehams9527: Wish more people would speak up like this guy
  14. @seansimmons6932: Beautiful speech
  15. @andreamarielifestyle: Literally think this Ted Talk was needed! God bless this man, Scott Galloway. I was born in the late 1960's. Daughter of a military Veteran,  my father bought his first home at 24,  2 houses on one lot.  He lived in the front house, and my parents rented the back house.  This was the beginning of building wealth.  Therefore, my parents always saved and managed their income and he passed down his wisdom and knowledge to our family. As a result, some of the men, older and younger also joined the military from his advice and today they have property, sustainable income, and a great financial future.  My dad was very fortunate and he humbly shared his knowledge with others, who would listen.  If more parents helped their children by giving them money to help purchase homes and property, this would financially help the next generation tremendously!  It is biblical.  Unfortunately, most people only look out for themselves. This has got to change.  Families got to start building generational wealth, by putting their money together an buying land and or properties. Minimum wage in California is $20 if you work at certain fast food places, that wage is the same as some bus driving jobs where you need a commercial license which is insane in California. Average rent for a 2 bedroom apartment is 2300 a month and only 1400 compared to Oklahoma.  But, if your family grows up with values to love and help each other- siblings can come together to buy properties that are currently being snatched up by Corporations who are buying and holding because they can. So, the future Generations must fight back strategically by getting careers instead of jobs.  Join the military, etc.  Get a professional career doing what you love. My paternal grandmother always said, get employment with the County, City, or the Government.
  16. @GhostHunter-x5v: Hero
  17. @Hereiamhi: Thank u❤❤❤
  18. @dabusiness01: America vastly rewards innovation. That's always been its identity. For some reason, you hate the uber rich for creating value. Who hasn't used Facebook or Amazon to benefit their lives? Young people are historically the ones driving such innovation. The rhetoric in this talk (which is widespread) drives them (us) to be less industrious and creative. It's highly counterproductive. It's not the government's (taxpayer's) job to earn your keep for you. Figure it out, and create value.
  19. @katb96: Sir every world leaders are. Theyre all same. The same clowns, different circus.
  20. @stevenofalltrades8553: Only the willing survive.

- 7 Habits of Quietly Wealthy People: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What if the real millionaires aren't the ones flaunting wealth online, but your unassuming neighbor driving a 10-year-old Toyota? It's true. There's a growing class of quietly wealthy people who've built fortunes without anyone noticing. They follow a set of habits that let them grow wealth under the radar, free from social pressure. Today, we're revealing the seven key habits that set these stealth millionaires apart. This isn't about luck or get-rich quick schemes. It's about discipline and strategy anyone can use. By the end, you'll have a practical road map to start building your own quiet fortune. Let's dive into the first habit. Quiet wealth starts with one fundamental rule. A principle so simple yet so powerful that it forms the bedrock of financial independence. It's about consciously choosing to spend significantly less than you earn, creating a surplus that can be channeled towards building a secure future. It sounds incredibly simple, almost too obvious. But the reality is that most people caught in the cycle of consumerism don't actually put it into practice. The quietly wealthy, on the other hand, deliberately create a substantial gap, a buffer zone between their income and their expenses, ensuring they always have more coming in than going out. They aren't necessarily cheap or stingy. Instead, they're incredibly intentional and mindful about where their money goes, making conscious choices about value. They prioritize value and long-term utility over fleeting status symbols and keeping up with the Joneses. And when their income inevitably rises, as it often does through hard work and smart decisions, they resist the urge to let their lifestyle inflate proportionally. Instead, that extra money, that surplus goes straight to investments, fueling their future growth, not towards acquiring bigger and more burdensome bills. They understand the power of delayed gratification, driving reliable cars for years, choosing to buy homes that comfortably fit their needs and their budget, not their egos or their aspirations for social status. And they are diligent in avoiding the insidious traps of unnecessary debt. Because they understand that every single dollar not spent on fleeting pleasures and unnecessary expenses is a dollar that is now actively working for them, compounding and growing over time. They pack their own lunches, saving a significant amount of money each week, brew their coffee at home, avoiding the daily expense of coffee shops, and choose to repair items whenever possible rather than immediately rushing to replace them. These seemingly small and insignificant choices, when consistently applied, add up, accumulating into huge savings and substantial wealth over the long run. They are not afraid to spend money on what truly matters to them, on experiences and things that bring them genuine joy. But they ruthlessly cut costs in all other areas, eliminating unnecessary expenses without hesitation. Their version of a rich and fulfilling life is not about impressing others with outward displays of wealth. It's about achieving true freedom, building lasting security, and living life on their own terms. Living consistently below their means is the powerful engine that drives and enables all other wealth-b buildinging habits and strategies. Without this fundamental discipline and commitment, you simply can't effectively invest for the future, build multiple income streams to diversify your earnings, or ultimately achieve true and lasting financial peace of mind. It's the critical difference between merely looking rich on the surface and actually possessing true and sustainable wealth beneath the surface. The quietly wealthy understand and embrace the fact that true and lasting wealth is often invisible to the outside world. They consciously avoid the trap of lifestyle inflation, focusing their energy and resources on acquiring appreciating assets rather than accumulating depreciating liabilities. Their financial choices are consistently driven by their long-term goals and aspirations, not by fleeting short-term desires or impulsive temptations. This fundamental habit of living below their means is the solid foundation, the cornerstone upon which they build their secure and lasting financial fortress. And it's important to remember that this isn't about deprivation or sacrifice. It's about making conscious and intentional choices about living a life aligned with your values. And that's precisely how they quietly, steadily, and sustainably build real and lasting wealth over time. With extra cash in hand after covering all essential expenses, the quietly wealthy don't let it sit idle. They understand the importance of putting their money to work. Instead, they invest it strategically, consistently, methodically, and often automatically, ensuring they never miss an opportunity to grow their wealth. They aren't chasing after the allure of hot stocks or the latest market craze or dreaming of quick wins through speculative ventures. Their approach is steady and calculated, systematic, following a well-defined plan, and yes, admittedly, a little boring, but incredibly effective. Every month, without fail, a predetermined set amount goes directly into broad, lowcost index funds, providing instant diversification, or ETFs, exchange traded funds that offer a basket of investments. They stick to their plan no matter what the market's doing, whether it's soaring or plummeting. This disciplined approach known as dollar cost averaging removes emotion and guesswork from the equation, ensuring rational decisions. They bet on the long-term growth and resilience of the whole economy, trusting in its ability to overcome challenges, not the unpredictable fortunes of a single stock. When markets inevitably drop, as they always do, they don't panic and sell. They recognize it as a buying opportunity, a chance to acquire more shares at a discount. Their time horizon stretches across decades, not the fleeting ups and downs of days or weeks. They understand that compound interest, the snowball effect of returns generating more returns is their greatest ally in the long run. They avoid complex and opaque investments. They don't fully understand. If they can't explain the investment simply and clearly, they don't buy it, no matter how enticing it may seem. Their strategy is elegantly simple. automate their investments, diversify across a wide range of assets, and stay the course, resisting the urge to tinker with their portfolio. They don't need the thrill of high-risisk gambles. They want consistent, reliable results over the long term. Investing for them is like planting a tree, steady care, unwavering patience, and the passage of time turns small seeds of capital into massive shade and enduring value. This seemingly boring consistency, this dedication to a long-term plan is their secret weapon for building lasting wealth. They let their money work diligently for them, generating passive income and growth quietly and efficiently year after year, decade after decade. No hype, no drama, no chasing fleeting trends, just steady, sustainable growth. That's how true fortunes are built. Brick by brick in the quiet solitude of consistent long-term investing. And it's a habit, a powerful routine. anyone, regardless of their background or income, can start cultivating today. The quietly wealthy know their greatest asset is their mind. They're lifelong learners, always seeking new knowledge and skills. They read books on business, finance, psychology, and history, not just for fun, but to grow. They listen to podcasts, take online courses, and learn from documentaries. Education is an investment, not an expense. They stay informed about trends, technology, and opportunities others miss. They seek mentors and join mastermind groups to learn from those ahead of them. They're humble enough to ask for help and smart enough to act on good advice. This growth mindset keeps them adaptable and resilient. They challenge their own assumptions and constantly look for ways to improve. While others binge watch TV, they invest time in building wisdom. Their knowledge helps them make better decisions and avoid costly mistakes. They know the more you learn, the more you earn. Wisdom, not just money, is what lets them build and keep their fortune. That's the quietly wealthy advantage. The quietly wealthy never rely. They understand the inherent risks of depending solely on just one income source. It's a precarious position to be in, placing all your financial well-being on a single point of failure. They know a single paycheck is fragile, vulnerable to economic shifts, company decisions, or even unforeseen personal circumstances. So, they diversify. They spread their risk across multiple avenues, creating a safety net that protects them from unexpected financial hardship. Their main job is just one fishing line. It's their primary source of income, but it's not the only one. They set up others investments carefully chosen to generate returns and grow their wealth over time. Real estate, providing both rental income and the potential for long-term appreciation. Side businesses. These ventures not only generate additional income, but also allow them to explore their passions and develop new skills. Dividends and interest provide passive cash flow income that requires minimal effort to maintain, covering expenses even when they're not working. This is the ultimate goal, to create a financial system that works for them, not the other way around. Rental properties bring steady income and long-term appreciation. It's a tangible asset that can provide both immediate and future financial benefits. Side hustles, consulting, freelancing, offering their expertise and skills to clients on a project basis. Online businesses add more streams and skills. Each new venture expands their capabilities and diversifies their income portfolio. Each stream is independent. So if one falters due to market changes or unforeseen circumstances, others keep flowing. This built-in redundancy provides a crucial layer of financial protection. This diversification creates true financial security. It's not about getting rich quick. It's about building a sustainable financial foundation that can withstand the test of time. Building multiple streams takes time and effort. It requires dedication, discipline, and a willingness to learn and adapt. But they they start small and scale up. They don't try to do everything at once. They focus on building one stream at a time, gradually expanding their income portfolio. Over years, they weave a web of income that makes them resilient and free. It's a financial fortress built on diversification and smart financial planning. They're not dependent on a boss. They're the CEO of their own financial life. They take control of their financial destiny, making informed decisions and building a future of financial independence. The key is patience. Build one stream, then use its cash flow to start the next. It's a compounding effect where each stream fuels the growth of the others. Their income isn't tied to one industry or market. They diversify across different sectors, reducing their exposure to any single economic downturn. If one area struggles, others cushion the blow. This creates a financial buffer that protects them from unexpected losses. This strategy accelerates wealth and reduces risk. It's a win-win situation that allows them to build wealth while minimizing their exposure to financial uncertainty. It's a powerful habit anyone can adopt regardless of their current income or financial situation, one stream at a time. The key is to start, even if it's just with a small side hustle or a modest investment. Multiple incomes mean multiple opportunities. and true peace of mind. Knowing that you're not solely reliant on a single source of income provides a sense of security and control over your financial future. That's how the quietly wealthy stay wealthy. They understand the power of diversification and the importance of building multiple streams of income to create a secure and prosperous future. In a world of instant everything, the quietly wealthy excel at waiting for bigger rewards. They resist the urge for quick pleasure, choosing long-term freedom over short-term thrills. When they get a bonus, they invest it instead of splurging. They save up for big purchases, paying cash instead of taking on debt. This discipline saves them money and makes every purchase intentional. They visualize their future selves and make choices their future will thank them for. They don't chase fads or get swept up in hype. When others panic or overspend, they stay calm and stick to their plan. Delayed gratification is a muscle they've built over years. It's not about denying pleasure. It's about prioritizing freedom. They play the long game, thinking 10 moves ahead. This foresight keeps them out of financial traps. Patience and discipline are their superpowers. That's how they quietly build lasting wealth. The quietly wealthy are intentional about who they spend time with. They surround themselves with driven, positive people who inspire and challenge them. Their conversations focus on ideas, growth, and opportunity, not gossip or complaints. They join groups, attend meetups, and seek out mentors who've achieved what they want. They set boundaries with negative or financially reckless people, even if it's hard. Their network is small but deep quality over quantity. They value authentic, mutually beneficial relationships. Mentors provide guidance and help them avoid mistakes. Their inner circle lifts them higher and keeps them accountable. They know your environment shapes your habits and success. They build a tribe that supports the goals. Their network is their net worth in knowledge, support, and opportunity. That's the quietly wealthy way. The defining habit of the quietly wealthy. They keep their wealth private. They don't flaunt success. They value privacy and security. Flashy displays attract attention, risk, and awkwardness in relationships. By living modestly, they avoid jealousy and keep friendships authentic. They raise grounded kids by modeling humility, not extravagance. Their self-worth isn't tied to brands or status symbols. They drive reliable cars, live in comfortable homes, and spend for utility, not show. They enjoy their wealth through freedom and experiences, not public display. Stealth wealth protects their peace of mind and family. They have nothing to prove. Their confidence comes from within. The goal isn't to impress others, but to buy freedom from worry, from pressure, from expectations. They fiercely protect this freedom by keeping it quiet. True wealth is invisible, and that's by design. That's the ultimate power move. There you have it. The seven habits of the quietly wealthy. It's not about flash, but discipline, patience, and vision. Every one of these habits is within your reach. The journey is a marathon, not a sprint. Small choices compound into big results. You have the road map. Will you take the first step? Which habit surprised you most or feels hardest to start? Share in the comments. If you found this valuable, hit like, share, and subscribe for more. Thanks for watching. See you in the next video.

- Where America’s Richest People Live 2024: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] California is home to 83 members of this year's Forbes 400 list worth a combined $1.3 trillion that's four members less than last year but still the top spot for more than 1 out of 5 400 members as a group they're worth around triple the $489 billion the state's 92 members were worth a decade ago but it's not the only hub for the three comma Club ranking behind California are New York and Florida follow by Texas those four states are the most populous in the country holding a third of all Americans but nearly 60% of the wealthiest ones over the past decade New York has lost 11 net members five of whom moved to Florida those transplants include the state's most famous resident Donald Trump who returns to the 400 list this year thanks to Trump media and Technology Group the social media company he took public in March here are the five state with the most billionaires from the 2024 Forbes list at number five Illinois Chicago is home to the youngest member of the Forbes 400 Lucas Walton who is one of the eight grandchildren of Walmart co-founder Sam Walton age 38 he's one of two listies under 40 several list members from the Hyatt Hotel Brands pritzker family are also breezing around the windy city including JB pritzker the state's billionaire Governor at number four Texas Elon Musk the richest person in the US for the third year in a row is all in on the Lone Star State even announcing this year that he's moving his companies SpaceX and X there from California Texas produces more oil and natural gas than any other state so perhaps unsurprisingly nearly a third of its listies made their fortune and energy including Randa Duncan Williams and Kelsey Warren at number two Florida the Sunshine State keeps attracting big wealth when Jeff Bezos relocated from Washington State he spent $234 million on three homes on Indian Creek the Gated man-made Island in Miami Beach dubbed the billionaire bunker nearly 30% of Florida's listies made their Fortunes in finance and Investments including the second richest Floridian Ken Griffin who made headlines in 2022 for moving his family and the headquarters of his hedge fund Citadel there from Chicago the second most common industry that enriched the wealthiest Floridians is food and beverage from which hail Subways Elizabeth Duca and lacroy Sparkling Waters Nick caparella at number two New York the world's Financial capital is still a finance billionaire Hub nearly 2third of the Empire States listes made their Fortunes in the second sector including Michael Bloomberg the former New York city mayor who started his career on Wall Street other notable New Yorkers on the Forbes 400 include George Soros Ralph luren and Bill Amman and at number one California Hollywood and Silicon Valley have made Californians rich but none more than Mark Zuckerberg who officially resides in Paulo Alto though these days he spends plenty of time at his 1450 acre compound in Kawai Hawaii nearly half of California's Forbes 400 wealth stems from Tech mobils like Zuckerberg including oracle's Larry Allison Google's Larry pagee and Sergey Bren

  Top Comments:
  1. @boni_traxton9436 [11 likes]: Forgetting Naples, Indian Creek, fisher island, palm beach 

All in Florida
  2. @TravelwithJennifer-x1z [2 likes]: Every corner of the Earth offers something breathtaking, whether it's towering mountains or tranquil lakes
  3. @RahulGupha-i4j [1 likes]: I am coming soon Forbes anylist ❤
  4. @Mr.HarryWild [1 likes]: Richest people live in the South Side of Chicago and in the numerous federal penitentiaries now!
  5. @صادقجمعان-ذ5ي: I beg whoever reads my comment to help me. My circumstances are very, very difficult, and I have many problems and worries weighing heavily on my heart. Please help me. 😢
  6. @AidantafadzwaLuton-p4t: So much heat you would think it is the middle east.. Gaza .. Azzah war let us go . World war III. World war 3. World war three
  7. @Jaxinto-sd1gz: Taxes season  they pay their taxes
  8. @Viv8ldi: why do most of them look like darth sidious
  9. @Helengream: Seattle got to be number 1 because Bill Gates and Jeff bezos alot billionaires lives in Seattle Washington
  10. @Jm-Gonz: So if the top 100 move out of California, think about how much tax revenue loss that will be to the state’s financial budget 😂
  11. @pubteamsix: Also pretty dangerous places to live if you are  a nobody
  12. @theodorharr3213: I have lost faith in capitalism. Thank u
  13. @СеверьянТарба: 🤑🤑🤑🤑advertising🤣🤣🤣🤣
  14. @tonic_7: Обратие внимание на олигархат и воров в сша, у вас элита в виде олигархата унижает народ сша и смотрите сколько нищих и наркоманов в сша
  15. @Shomari_Supreme: I thought $20 Million was enough to live for ever.
  16. @georgecarty331: How do I add another TV?
  17. @WealthyChronicle: New York's losing billionaires to Florida? 🌆➡🌴 Is this the beginning of the end for NYC as the finance capital of the world?
  18. @ahmedkhan7639-m5n: New York City should be at 1 in  terms of city rankings.
  19. @Abdibarakotravels: All News
  20. @CJRSucesso: DONALD.   TRAMP.    PENSE.  COMO.   UM.   BILLIONAIRE.   LIFESTYLE Visualization.

- The Worlds Richest People Are On The Move... What Are They Running From?: Kind: captions Language: en migration is in the news for all the wrong&nbsp; reasons dividing opinions and ruining family&nbsp;&nbsp; dinners the world over immigration the immigration&nbsp; migration migration immigration policies how that&nbsp;&nbsp; immigration system works once Donald Trump&nbsp; takes office but there's another migration&nbsp;&nbsp; crisis happening right under our noses that's&nbsp; a lot harder to see but every bit as important&nbsp;&nbsp; the millionaire migration is in full swing and&nbsp; just last year alone more than 100,000 wealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; individuals with a combined n worth of over&nbsp; $1 trillion cross borders around the world the&nbsp;&nbsp; international trade of high net worth individuals&nbsp; is bigger than the international trade of oil but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's intentionally kept opaque by a few interested&nbsp; parties we've been collecting data from dozens of&nbsp;&nbsp; countries and sources to map this migration to&nbsp; try and learn what the world's wealthiest people&nbsp;&nbsp; are looking for and more importantly what they're&nbsp; running away from the new passport so the wealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese who are moving their families and their&nbsp; money overseas I can't decide whether I should&nbsp;&nbsp; move to Florida some millionaires move away from&nbsp; Hong Kong and into Singapore wealthy individuals&nbsp;&nbsp; and their families are the most mobile people on&nbsp; the planet moving between countries at a rate 50&nbsp;&nbsp; times higher than the average global citizen&nbsp; this is for three simple reasons one they can&nbsp;&nbsp; afford to move the price of a plane ticket and&nbsp; some new furniture in a fresh country is a major&nbsp;&nbsp; expense to most people but for the global 1% it's&nbsp; almost incidental the second reason is that a home&nbsp;&nbsp; just doesn't mean as much to them extremely&nbsp; wealthy people can easily travel the world to&nbsp;&nbsp; see friends and family they can make their jobs&nbsp; work around them and even if a country doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the same Services they can enjoy at home&nbsp; they can pay to bring it with them if you or I&nbsp;&nbsp; move to a different country we would have to quit&nbsp; our jobs give up some local traditions and accept&nbsp;&nbsp; that we may not see our friends and family as&nbsp; often as if we were living in the same city&nbsp;&nbsp; with them the truly wealthy don't need to make&nbsp; such sacrifices the third reason is simply that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's cost effective moving is expensive but if&nbsp; a billionaire can save even a few per in taxes&nbsp;&nbsp; every year by claiming residency in a low tax&nbsp; jurisdiction it can easily cover all the extra&nbsp;&nbsp; travel expenses and then some the only reason&nbsp; we don't notice this intense level of migration&nbsp;&nbsp; is because there aren't that many of them several&nbsp; countries from around the world including the USA&nbsp;&nbsp; have so-called golden visas that let wealthy&nbsp; migrants gain permanent residency or even&nbsp;&nbsp; citizenship by investing a certain amount of money&nbsp; into the local economy The eb5 Immigrant investor&nbsp;&nbsp; program is America's golden visa and grants&nbsp; permanent residency to individuals and their&nbsp;&nbsp; families if they make the necessary investment&nbsp; in commercial Enterprise in the United States&nbsp;&nbsp; and plan to create or preserve 10 permanent&nbsp; full-time jobs for qualified US workers for&nbsp;&nbsp; a high net worth individual that is not a big&nbsp; ask especially since there are private Equity&nbsp;&nbsp; firms that exist to seek out small businesses for&nbsp; these people to buy and meet those requirements&nbsp;&nbsp; this includes the not so subtly name eb5 Capital&nbsp; so they're really not even trying to hide it if&nbsp;&nbsp; they're lucky and pick the right business they&nbsp; might even make some money of this making it a&nbsp;&nbsp; very easy way to get into the country the systems&nbsp; helped to make the USA the second most popular&nbsp;&nbsp; destination in the world for ultra high net worth&nbsp; migrants but perhaps that's not surprising America&nbsp;&nbsp; has a big population and a huge economy so of&nbsp; course it's going to attract a certain number&nbsp;&nbsp; of wealthy people the big story within the USA&nbsp; is actually it's internal migration more wealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; people than ever are moving between states leaving&nbsp; places like California and New York and ending up&nbsp;&nbsp; in states with lower taxes and looser regulations&nbsp; like Florida and Texas the data is a bit harder to&nbsp;&nbsp; follow here a high net worth individual moving&nbsp; from Washington State to Florida maybe someone&nbsp;&nbsp; like Jeff Bezos who conveniently relocated to the&nbsp; Sunshine State after Washington implemented new&nbsp;&nbsp; capital gains taxes however that same data point&nbsp; could just as easily be someone who sold up their&nbsp;&nbsp; Seattle home and moved to Florida to retire on the&nbsp; beach the line between a high net worth individual&nbsp;&nbsp; and someone who just sold a house in a gentrified&nbsp; city is quite blurry either way Americans are&nbsp;&nbsp; moving away from states with high taxes and&nbsp; noticeable social issues like homelessness and&nbsp;&nbsp; moving to states with lower taxes that do a better&nbsp; job of hiding those same issues away outside of&nbsp;&nbsp; gated communities to most of you watching from the&nbsp; land of freedom and truck nuts this probably isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; that shocking what's a little more surprising&nbsp; is what's happening just up north Canada has a&nbsp;&nbsp; much smaller population and a much smaller economy&nbsp; and yet according to the data it welcomed almost&nbsp;&nbsp; as many wealthy migrants as the USA according to&nbsp; data collected by Henley and partners a global&nbsp;&nbsp; Law Firm that provides immigration services to&nbsp; high net worth individuals Canada has become&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely popular because it offers all the&nbsp; amenities of a first world country and its&nbsp;&nbsp; paths to permanent residency are even easier than&nbsp; South of the Border Canada has several golden Visa&nbsp;&nbsp; programs and the path to permanent residency is&nbsp; much more straightforward even through student&nbsp;&nbsp; visa programs often wealthy migrants are more&nbsp; interested in moving their money than moving&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves something as basic as a student visa&nbsp; grants their holders the right to buy real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; in Canada as a personal dwelling or even as an&nbsp; investment property Canadian real estate is a&nbsp;&nbsp; highly desirable International Investment because&nbsp; the country has strong property rights low holding&nbsp;&nbsp; costs and ownership is forever this is in contrast&nbsp; to the countries where many high net worth&nbsp;&nbsp; individuals are coming from which almost never&nbsp; offer Freehold land ownership instead opting for&nbsp;&nbsp; systems where people can rent land on a several&nbsp; decades long lease there's also another aspect to&nbsp;&nbsp; Canada that makes it particularly attractive and&nbsp; that is that it offers everything a first world&nbsp;&nbsp; country has while also allowing migrants from&nbsp; diverse backgrounds to maintain their culture&nbsp;&nbsp; their food and even their language in suburbs&nbsp; that have developed these amenities suburbs&nbsp;&nbsp; like Richmond in Vancouver Arcadia in Los Angeles&nbsp; and Chatswood in Sydney have all become the most&nbsp;&nbsp; popular suburbs in the most popular cities in&nbsp; the the most popular countries for ultra high&nbsp;&nbsp; net worth immigration this concentrated inflow of&nbsp; capital has done some interesting things to those&nbsp;&nbsp; local economies but we need to talk about that&nbsp; later at the very top of destinations for high net&nbsp;&nbsp; worth migrants there is the so-called safe haven 8&nbsp; Australia Switzerland Singapore New Zealand Malta&nbsp;&nbsp; Monaco and Mauritius these countries were also&nbsp; highlighted by Henley and partners for having&nbsp;&nbsp; a few key characteristics that made them suitable&nbsp; for the world's richest people seeking out a new&nbsp;&nbsp; home they're all extremely safe with low crime&nbsp; rates they have world class Healthcare education&nbsp;&nbsp; and all allow for international investing and they&nbsp; all have one thing that money can't buy which is&nbsp;&nbsp; well-maintained environments with good air quality&nbsp; and protected natural spaces because of this over&nbsp;&nbsp; 40% of the millionaires in these countries were&nbsp; foreign born an exceptionally revealing number&nbsp;&nbsp; when you remember that these countries are high&nbsp; inome countries themselves the scale of wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; migration to these centers has been huge and most&nbsp; projections suggest that records are going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; broken again this year now I've deliberately left&nbsp; just enough time for the most personic amongst&nbsp;&nbsp; you to type out a comment that there were only&nbsp; seven countries listed in the safe haven 8 now I&nbsp;&nbsp; did that partially to bait comment engagement for&nbsp; the YouTube algorithm and partially because there&nbsp;&nbsp; is one country that stands out as a magnet for&nbsp; wealth above all others the United Arab Emirates&nbsp;&nbsp; the UAE and in particular the city of Dubai have&nbsp; been using their oil wealth to build a playground&nbsp;&nbsp; for the rich from the ground up the city has&nbsp; constructed a worldclass Airport shopping real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate yachting and entertainment Hub out of the&nbsp; sand it's fake and cheesy and tacky and everything&nbsp;&nbsp; Adam something says about it is absolutely true&nbsp; but thousands of the world's wealthiest people&nbsp;&nbsp; simply don't care they see somewhere they can&nbsp; enjoy the sun buy anything they want live in&nbsp;&nbsp; ostentatious homes and be within a 7-hour played&nbsp; ride from half the world's population unlike other&nbsp;&nbsp; countries that have at the very least pretended&nbsp; to control this inflow of super wealthy people the&nbsp;&nbsp; UAE has gone foot to the floor to bring in as many&nbsp; wealthy people as it possibly can as quickly as it&nbsp;&nbsp; can the Emirates have no income tax on individuals&nbsp; and their sales tax is just 5% Beyond just saving&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthy people a lot of money on their least&nbsp; favorite expense having no income taxes means&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthy immigrants don't even need to register for&nbsp; tax reporting or prepare documentation every year&nbsp;&nbsp; which has a huge draw for people with complicated&nbsp; financial affairs the hope for the Emirates is&nbsp;&nbsp; that the these wealthy people will bring economic&nbsp; activity with them as businesses spring up to&nbsp;&nbsp; cater to their wishes providing employment and&nbsp; relevance long after the oil runs dry it's a bold&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy but sustainable or not it's made Dubai&nbsp; the center of the world's millionaire migration&nbsp;&nbsp; drawing wealthy individuals mainly from China&nbsp; India the UK and Africa so it might not be that&nbsp;&nbsp; surprising that the world's wealthiest people&nbsp; are seeking out places where they can enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; good weather good amenities and the good company&nbsp; of other rich people while making sure that they&nbsp;&nbsp; they their families and their money are kept safe&nbsp; but that's not actually what's driving the record&nbsp;&nbsp; spike in high net worth migration humans are&nbsp; surprisingly stubborn beings and the decision to&nbsp;&nbsp; leave one's home country is not taken lightly even&nbsp; if a lot of the sacrifices can be mitigated with a&nbsp;&nbsp; private jet card and imported food the country&nbsp; losing the most high net worth individuals is&nbsp;&nbsp; China the nation's economic Miracle has made a lot&nbsp; of people very rich very quickly but maintaining&nbsp;&nbsp; that wealth can be difficult the country has&nbsp; tenuous property rights and high-profile business&nbsp;&nbsp; people have increasingly gone missing or been put&nbsp; on trial if they get out of line now these wealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; individuals are by no means blameless victims in&nbsp; this political power play some level of corruption&nbsp;&nbsp; is a common component in most business deals&nbsp; which means even moderately successful business&nbsp;&nbsp; people could have their life savings taken from&nbsp; them if the powers that be decide to investigate&nbsp;&nbsp; them the reality is clear China is a great place&nbsp; to make a fortune it's a terrible place to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; a fortune for unee people want to move their&nbsp; money and themselves somewhere where they can&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy their success in 2024 China lost more than&nbsp; 15,000 High net worth individuals conservatively&nbsp;&nbsp; the government knows this is a problem so&nbsp; it has extremely strict Capital controls&nbsp;&nbsp; on people leaving the country so if you were an&nbsp; ultra wealthy Chinese businessman it would be a&nbsp;&nbsp; good idea to do everything you can to avoid&nbsp; being included in official figures now China&nbsp;&nbsp; losing more millionaires than any other country&nbsp; in the world shouldn't be too too surprising it&nbsp;&nbsp; has the second largest population in the world&nbsp; and the second largest number of millionaires&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world to lose on a millionaire loss per&nbsp; number of millionaires scale China isn't too&nbsp;&nbsp; different from countries like South Africa Brazil&nbsp; and Russia not exactly great company to keep but&nbsp;&nbsp; it isn't really outstanding in this group for any&nbsp; other reason except its enormous population but&nbsp;&nbsp; there is one nation that's scaring ultra high&nbsp; Net worth people away faster than any other&nbsp;&nbsp; authoritarian regime an oligopolistic Banana&nbsp; Republic where government mismanagement crime&nbsp;&nbsp; and living standards are degrading so rapidly&nbsp; that people are rushing for the exit the United Kingdom the numbers leaving the UK are staggering&nbsp; over 9,500 millionaires left the UK in 2024 alone&nbsp;&nbsp; more than any other country in the world other&nbsp; than China a pseudo authoritarian regime with&nbsp;&nbsp; a population more than 20 times larger since&nbsp; leaving the EU a lot of European families have&nbsp;&nbsp; moved back to the mainland to stay attached to&nbsp; the larger economic Center other Brits have seen&nbsp;&nbsp; declining economic conditions and have decided&nbsp; to move to somewhere with sunshine and lower&nbsp;&nbsp; taxes the biggest problem for the UK is just how&nbsp; dependent we once were on being the one receiving&nbsp;&nbsp; incoming High net worth individuals in fact we&nbsp; kind of built our economy on it just a decade ago&nbsp;&nbsp; the UK was one of the most popular destinations&nbsp; for wealthy families looking for a new home and&nbsp;&nbsp; those Capital inflows helped build out a financial&nbsp; Center even if it did come at the cost of pricing&nbsp;&nbsp; regular Brits out of London this reversal was put&nbsp; into overdrive just a few months ago many of those&nbsp;&nbsp; fleeing the UK did so because of the chancellor&nbsp; vix cheer's October budget where the new labor&nbsp;&nbsp; government removed the so-called non-domiciled or&nbsp; non-dom status that previously gave non-british&nbsp;&nbsp; citizens favorable treatment for residents&nbsp; in the UK with only their UK earned income&nbsp;&nbsp; being taxed but even for citizens of the UK the&nbsp; budget raised capital gains taxes and private&nbsp;&nbsp; sector National Insurance contributions which is&nbsp; a significant additional expense for businesses&nbsp;&nbsp; and financial Elites in London for those who&nbsp; have the option to move their Capital assets&nbsp;&nbsp; to another country not doing so would be highly&nbsp; fiscally irresponsible as an ultra low net worth&nbsp;&nbsp; Brit myself I must admit I've considered leaving&nbsp; the UK not for financial reasons but just to go&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere that gets more than 11 days of sun&nbsp; per year I hate being a global guinea pig but&nbsp;&nbsp; the UK has become a clear demonstration of just&nbsp; how influential ultra high net worth migration&nbsp;&nbsp; can be it can price out local residents when&nbsp; they're coming in and destabilize an economy&nbsp;&nbsp; when they're going out ultra high net worth&nbsp; migration is built like an economic Red Bull&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's controlled carefully welcoming highly&nbsp; successful business people and their money can&nbsp;&nbsp; be a powerful way to stimulate the economy but if&nbsp; you make Red Bull your entire diet it's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; cause no limit of problems going in and going out&nbsp; now if you think we're the only ones that totally&nbsp;&nbsp; screwed this up go and watch how Sydney Australia&nbsp; is dealing with the wealth Gap so badly it has&nbsp;&nbsp; literally divided the city in Two And subscribe&nbsp; for more micro stories with big consequences

  Top Comments:
  1. @JyvynShpdinterlude [2 likes]: They are running and flying and boating away from the T.E.D. files:
TRUMP & EPSTEIN & DIDDY. 😂🤣😂
  2. @agave67 [1 likes]: If you're a Muslim, you don't even have to adopt any of your new host country's culture. Just say everything is part of your fake religion and you'll fake out all local government regulations.
  3. @Thamaell-San [1 likes]: Calling China a Pseudo Authoritarian, is blatantly whitewashing the fact that China is a full blown authoritarian country. Any resemblance to any form of democratic decision making in there, is merely a farse, an attempt to keep the population at least somewhat happy.
  4. @gian2000CH: People fleeing into switzerland 😂 still the safest place to be
  5. @Stassis: This is what globalisation really is.
  6. @shadowofpain8144: You always flee with your ill gotten gains.
They will be fleeing to climate change resistance areas and for their lives for they know what they have done.
  7. @RolfStones: Rich people dodging taxes are stealing money from the poor.
  8. @MasonPapenbrock-my4gl: There are just less homeless people in Florida than California. It’s not that they do a better job hiding it
  9. @JamesSmith-qs4hx: Remigration NOW
  10. @skymarchall: ☝ I fail to see why the metric of "having a lot of millionaires (let alone billionaires) living in one's country" is such highly valued.
If the business climate is right (i.e. highly skilled workers, good infrastructure,...) then companies will settle down and move the economy forward. The ultra-rich (not speaking about mere millionaires) only distort markets and have negative influence on democracy. I'd happily hold the door open for every ultra-rich centi-millionaire and above who wants to call Dubai their home. 🤷‍♂➡🚪
  11. @32BitJunkie: This whole video is stupid without figuring out if millionaire migration helps or hurts. Excuse me if i don't take your uniformed redbull analogy seriously
  12. @romansson4005: Canadian viewer here with an update about Canada: a recent court decision in Richmond, British Columbia has given our country’s aboriginal population penultimate property rights over people who actually own property in this city. This decision is shaking Canadian property owners’ faith in the previously immutable concept of property ownership. Real estate sales and purchases in Richmond have flatlined. Appeals will be filed with no guarantee that this court decision will be reversed. We could see years of uncertainty as an appeal winds its way through our slow-as-molasses judicial system.
  13. @alan_wood: If tickle-down economics actually worked, why are there so many people in poverty? Good riddance to them.
  14. @softtack: Rats with wings.
  15. @michaelmueller9635: Oh well, the Brexit worked.
  16. @ycplum7062: China doesn't care if millionaires leave China ... as long as they leave all their assets behind.

The UK encouraged a lot of millionaires (and billionaires) to come and stay, and a lot did ... Russians. Ooops
  17. @ioftheuniverse2384: "Canada has stronger property rights" 
WHAAAAAAT? Canada has been for years now floating the idea that you don't have a true constitutional right to property, as they maneuver to takev it away from people...

Bad research bro. Out of date,  since the Trudeau years came in...
  18. @TheLukeLambert: Your data is inconsistent and you're using sources which use faulty data. Including the Torygraph talking about people leaving from a study which pulled the stats from LINKEDIN PROFILES. Do better, this is hack job work, at best.
  19. @matthewdolan5831: Prometheus will be stopping this music over the next ten years or so...
  20. @x86ro: They are running from taxes. Its basically a heist, why do you think so much money is going into bots and AI, the rich have decided that now they own all the money, that paying for us is a pain in the rear so they will automate everythjing they can and get rid of the rest of us!

Taxes are needed to pay for us plebs not them.. they will just keep a few 100 million workers around to do the stuff for them - all min wage

- The Richest Person From Every State In The USA: Kind: captions Language: en the richest people from every state in the United States of America Alabama Jimmy rain Jimmy rain is a 77-year-old billionaire with a net worth of 1.5 billion what is he known for well he's the founder and CEO of Great Southern wood preserving I guess he's known for popularizing the lumber business by starring the cowboy yell fella in his commercials let me know if you've seen this guy I'm Canadian so I've never seen the yellow fella and quick fun fact Jimmy rain is the only billionaire in Alabama Alaska Leonard Hyde Leonard Hyde is the president of JL properties a commercial real estate development company in Anchorage Alaska Hyde has a net worth of 400 million and is actually tied for richest person in Alaska with his own business partner Jonathan rabini rabini is the CEO of JL properties and each of them own 50% of JL properties the company owns real estate in Anchorage Florida and Utah and in their free time they like throwing polar bears at poor people I made that last part up but it's kind of believable Arizona Ernest Garcia II Ernest Garcia owns DriveTime Automotive a used car retailer and he is also the largest shareholder in carvana an online used car dealer founded by his own son Ernest Garcia III Ernest Garcia II has a net worth of $8 billion and fun fact in 1990 he pleaded guilty to bank fraud charges really cool stuff Arkansas Jim Walton Jim Walton is the youngest son of Walmart's founder Sam Walton and him and his siblings have inherited a total of over $78 billion Jim sat on Walmart's executive board for over a decade before he gave his seat to his son and is now the chairman of the fam's bank Everest bank group which has 26 million in assets I know we're early in the list but so far he is the first entry on the list who gained his sizable net worth through inheritance California Mark Zuckerberg Zuck has a net worth of over 177 billion and is currently the third richest person in the world he is the co-founder of meta the parent company that owns Facebook Instagram WhatsApp and threads Mark became the world's youngest self made billionaire in 2008 at the age of only 23 I want to make a joke but that's honestly insane Mark and his wife Priscilla have pledged to give away 99% of their meta Holdings throughout their lifetime and Mark if you're watching I'd gladly take some Colorado Philip and shitz I would just like to remind you all that these people although they're way richer than you or I they still are just like the rest of us Philip for example puts on his pants one leg at a time and shits just like everyone else get it and shits okay I spent most of my time on that joke but Philip built his Fortune by discovering an oil field in 1979 and by investing in railroads he also founded AEG his entertainment company which owns major sports teams venues and the Coachella Music Festival his net worth is over $15 billion Connecticut Steven Cohen Cohen is a hedge fund manager and a sports team investor Cohen currently oversees 72 Asset Management a firm with over 35 billion in assets under management and before this ran sack Capital One of the world's most successful hedge funds ever now he was forced to shut down down sat Capital after he pleaded guilty to insider trading and ended up paying a total of 1.8 billion in penalties so those two are probably unrelated but anyways Cohen also bought the New York Mets in 2020 for 2.4 billion the highest sale price ever for an MLB team and throughout the course of his career Cohen has given over $1 billion to philanthropic causes including causes related to Veterans and Children's Health Delaware Elizabeth Snider Snider is the first woman on this list and her parents founded WL Gore and Associates in 1958 which is a manufacturing company with over 7,000 patents their most profitable mention is gortex a waterproof fabric that is extremely popular in outdoor gear Elizabeth owns 5.5% of the company which does about 2.5 billion a year in sales one fun fact is that gortex was actually invented by accident by Elizabeth's brother who was trying to stretch Teflon oh yeah and she's worth 800 mil Florida Jeff Bezos CEO and entrepreneur born in 1964 Jeffrey Bezos who was at one point the second richest man in the entire world and currently has a net worth of over 200 billion he founded Amazon in 1994 and currently still owns 9% of the company and one of his most impressive Feats was not the fact that he is a space cowboy billionaire but the fact that his head is incredibly shiny good job Jeff Georgia Dan Cathy Dan Cathy is the chairman of Chick-fil-A the fast food franchise founded by his father he grew up doing odd jobs for his dad's restaurant and eventually became the CEO in 2013 and if you know anything about Chick-fil-A you would know that they've never had any sort of online controversy Dan is worth over $10 billion and today there's over 2800 Chick-fil-A locations worldwide Hawaii Pierre Omar Pierre founded eBay in 1995 and became a billionaire only 3 years later when it went public in 1998 eBay went on to acquire PayPal in 2002 for 1.5 billion dollar but that's part of a bigger story we'll get into later he is personally worth over6 billion and from 2005 to 2020 Pierre has gifted at least $10 million worth of eBay shares per year which is pretty cool once again I'm open to receiving shares outside of eBay Pierre also owns a stake in resorts in California and Mexico and is also developing real estate in Cabo St Lucas Mexico as well this dude's pretty boring so let's keep going Idaho Frank Vander slot now hoes and slutes aside Frank is very rich $3.3 billion Rich how you may ask well he is the founder in former CEO of melaluca Inc an online seller of nutrition and wellness products and according to Forbes which is where a lot of this information is coming from melaluca serves over 1 million customers per month which is interesting because I've never heard of them and their website looks like poop Illinois Lucas Walton if this name sounds familiar you're not wrong Lucas is also a member of the Walton family yes that Walton family Lucas Walton is the grandson of Walmart's founder and he inherited his fortune when his father unfortunately passed away in a plane crash he founded Builder Vision in 2021 which is an impact investing Group whatever that means and he also chairs the Walton family foundation's environment program committee which sounds like a lot of buzzwords Lucas is worth $28 billion Indiana Carl cook Carl cook is the grandson of Captain Cook and he inherited Captain Cook's Fortune I just realized his name's Captain Hook not Captain Cook so that made no sense but we're keeping it in Cook's story isn't as cool as pirate treasure he's actually just the CEO of his parents medical device company the cook group this company did 2.4 billion in sales last year Carl Cook's estimated net worth is over10 billion Iowa Harry Stein first thing I'll say is that I'm glad this guy doesn't share a last name with this YouTuber but even if he did I don't think it would matter considering his net worth is almost $10 billion Stein is an agricultural Pioneer and the founder of Stein seed a corn and soybean Seed Company this company owns around 800 patents to soybean and corn genetics and is one of the world's largest private seed companies through major licensing deals and a bit of an inspiring fun fact Stein is dyslexic and mildly autistic as well Kansas Charles cotch Charles's net worth is almost $60 billion which makes him richer than the last five billionaires combined Charles is the chairman of cotch Inc which is America's second largest private Company by revenue and it's held that title since 1967 cotch Inc has done over 125 billion in revenue from its Diversified portfolio of companies including pipelines chemicals software Automotive components and even Dixie Cups Kentucky Tamara gustavson Tamara is the AIS of the public storage Empire she made her billions through her family's Self Storage business and as a prizewinning horse Breer of all things that's not a joke her dad co-founded public storage in 1972 and she today owns about 10% of the company Public Storage operates thousands of locations in the US and in Europe it's really interesting seeing how many people in this list are actually second generation billionaires I think we've only covered a few so far that have actually founded the company that's been generating Millions I guess it makes sense considering how large billions are it it may take a generation or two Louisiana Todd Graves Todd Graves is the founder and CEO of Raising Canes a fried chicken fast food chain I'll be honest I've never tried it we don't have them in Canada but I have seen people drink their sauce out of Styrofoam cups so I'm assuming it's pretty good Graves actually came up with the idea for the restaurant while in college and his professor gave him the lowest grade in the entire class and to pursue the idea he was unable to get Bank financing so he worked as a boiler maker and salmon Fisher to save up money he launched Raising Canes in 1996 using his savings and now the company did 3.7 billion in sales last year alone and has over 800 locations in more than 40 States Todd's net worth is almost $10 billion main Susan alond Susan's story is actually really inspiring and something we can all aspire to Harold alond founded the Dexter shoe company and sold the business to Warren Buffett in 1993 for 420 million in birkshire hathway stock when Harold died in 2007 his fortune was inherited by his daughter Susan and her three siblings and Susan got a net worth of over $3 billion through inheritance wow inspiring Maryland Annette Learner in 1952 Annette lent her 26-year-old husband $250 to start a business he went on to take that loan from his wife and turn it into one of the largest real estate development companies in the Washington DC area through their wealth the Learners also bought the Washington Nationals baseball team and unfortunately in 2023 Ted learner passed away leaving all of his fortune to his wife Annette really came full circle she is now worth over $6 billion Massachusetts Abigail Johnson Abigail is the president and CEO of Fidelity Investments and she currently owns 28.5% of the company in 2022 she was named the second most successful woman in finance by American banker and has been recognized for integrating mobile technology and cryptocurrency into the company's initiatives Fidelity manages discretionary assets totaling over 5.5 trillion in value and she's also graduated from Harvard so this girl rocks and she's also worth $30 billion Michigan Daniel Gilbert at the age of 22 in 1985 Daniel Gilbert founded what would become quick and Loans which later became the largest mortgage lender in the entire us Gilbert took quck and Loans public as Rocket companies in August of 2022 and has since originated 79 billion in mortgages since 2023 he also owns the Cleveland Cavaliers and he and his companies have invested 5.6 billion to purchase purch and Rehab buildings in downtown Detroit with a plan to create 24,000 jobs which is cool Gilbert also co-founded the sneaker platform stockx which is interesting I can imagine this guy with a $30 billion net worth and co-founding stockx has a pretty cool shoe collection nothing like mine though just check these out Minnesota Glenn Taylor in 1975 Taylor purchased Carlson letter service a wedding stationary business he worked for in college he later transformed it into Taylor Corporation a print services and Communications company which does over 2 billion a year in sales Taylor also owns stakes in the NBA team the Timberwolves the WNBA team the lyns and the United FC soccer team but he has since sold his stake in both of the basketball companies I guess billionaires just love buying sports teams and his net worth is 2.8 billion which is honestly kind of broke Mississippi Thomas and James Duff the duff brother's father founded tyart in 1973 and sold it in 1998 the brothers bought this company back in 2003 and then later started duve capital in 07 the duff Brothers co-founded and co-owned Duff capital a holding company which now does over 5 billion a year in Revenue with over 20 businesses Thomas Duff is worth $3 billion once again not sure how this guy's getting by Missouri John Morris no not John Morrison the WWE Superstar with the crazy physique John Morris the old guy worth $10 billion Morris is the founder and CEO of Bass Pro Shops which I'm assuming you've heard of it's an outdoor gear chain founded in 1972 and he started it out of the back of his father's liquor store which is pretty cool the company now does over 8 billion a year in sales and Bass Pro Shop also acquired Cabellas for 5 billion in 2016 Montana Dennis Washington Dennis is a real old money dude his wealth comes from owning copper mines Marine transportation and heavy equipment businesses but he did start from humble beginnings he worked for his uncle's construction company and then later took out a $330,000 loan to start his own construction company which he later turned into Washington companies which owns the copper mines and everything I just mentioned he also invested in his son's company cpan Corp which is a shipping container company that now has over 150 shipping containers which is pretty cool Dennis is worth 7 billion I find it funny that this guy is a billionaire for mining copper because you don't have to dig underground for it you can literally just find it in people's houses for free Nebraska Warren Buffett no not Warren Buffet Warren Buffett the billionaire with a current net worth of around 133 billion Buffett is one of the most successful investors ever Gathering his huge Fortune through birkshire Hathaway his investment company which owns Brands like Geico Dairy Queen duracel and many others and although this guy's a billionaire he's pretty well known for being cheap I'm pretty sure he still lives in a house that he bought for under 100 Grand in the last interview I saw with him he drives to Old Honda and eats McDonald's every day so at least some of you can say you have something in common with a billionaire he's promised to donate over 99% of his wealth and so far he's given away over 60 billion shout out to Warren also he's the sixth richest man in the world at the time of recording this Nevada Miriam Adon take a wild guess I blurred it out what is the richest person in Nevada Rich from did you guess gambling because you're right although they weren't doing the gambling they were profiting from the losses of your gambling specifically your dad's crippling gambling addiction which is the reason why you are currently having student loans Miriam inherited her husband's Fortune after he passed away in 2021 and she now owns over 50% of the Las Vegas Sands a casino company that is valued over $34 billion she's also bought a majority stake in the Dallas MAV from Mark Cuban in 2023 and before becoming a billionaire she was actually a medical doctor as well which is pretty cool she is currently worth $35 billion New Hampshire Rick Cohen pretty sure this is the second Coen we've had on this list so there's that most of Cohen's wealth comes from symbiotic which is a warehouse automation company that partnered with Walmart to automate all of its distribution centers he also owns CNS wholesale groceries which is the largest grocery wholesaler in the US with an annual revenue of over 33 billion Rick is worth almost 20 billion personally New Jersey Roco kiso kiso is the founder and CEO of Mediacom the fifth largest cable TV provider in the US kiso immigrated to America from Italy in 1962 at the age of 12 and his first job was playing the accordion during the movie theater intermissions talk about humble beginnings New Mexico Ron Coro just going to give a quick poverty trigger warning because Ron is only worth 1.7 billion I know embarrassing on a serious note Coro became New Mexico's first ever billionaire through array Technologies a solar tracking systems business he founded himself which is cool to hear because there's been a surprising amount of inheritance on this list he served as CEO of this company up until 2022 when he resigned right before the company's IPO which is to me questionable New York Michael Bloomberg besides serving 12 years as New York City's mayor and running an unsuccessful presidential campaign Michael Bloomberg co-founded Bloomberg LP in 1981 a media company and financial firm that has an estimated yearly revenue of over 13 billion he's pretty philanthropic too he gave away $3 billion in 2023 alone and has donated more than 17.4 billion in his lifetime to gun safety climate change and education and a few other causes as well nice job Mike North Carolina James goodnight this is by far my favorite name on the list Mr goodnight definitely has a ring to it if any of you want to call me that feel free James co-founded his analytical software firm in 1976 the software they developed is used to agricultural data and right now the software is used by more than 880,000 organizations around the world and the company brings in over 3 billion a year outside of this good knight and his partner Saul who is also a billionaire have co-founded a private school a country club and a hotel North Dakota Gary Thal Gary's a bit of a g look at this picture this is the real picture on Forbes dude put a license plate on his ass we'll let it slide because he's a billionaire although just barely his net worth is 1.2 billion but he is North Dakota's only billionaire in 1982 he purchased his first Super8 motel and since then he has built owned and operated over 480 hotels Nation Y which is pretty impressive I'm sure you've at least seen a super eight motel and if you've been unfortunate enough you've maybe even slept in one too Ohio Les Wexner Wexner founded lbrands which is a global retail Empire that includes Victoria's Secret Bath & Body Works abomi and Fitch and more Wexner got his start in 1963 when he used a $5,000 loan to start his own store The Limited which sold only shirts and pants two fun facts about this guy one is that he bought Victoria's Secret for only a million doar in 1982 when it was just a small failing chain in San Francisco and second fun fact his ex financial adviser was Jeffrey Epstein cool stuff who knew the guy selling women's panties would be associated with such weirdos Oklahoma Harold ham another Banger of a name Harold is the founder and chair of Continental resources one of the nation's largest independent oil companies ham started from humble beginnings and I'm not even making this up it says it on Forbes he got his start picking cotton Barefoot as a child and working at a gas station at the age of 16 to help support his family he started a trucking company that hauled water to and from oil fields and in 1971 he took it alone to drill his first well and as you can tell it went pretty well so yeah oil and gas billionaire let's keep going Oregon Phil Knight Knight co-founded Nike in 1964 with Bill Bowerman although he retired in 2016 Knight and his family still own 20% of Nike which if you didn't know earned 51 billion last year Knight personally is worth almost 41 billion ion dollar Knight and his wife Penny have donated 3.6 billion to charity so far but he still kind of looks like a super villain so yeah Pennsylvania Jeffrey Yas Jeffrey yass no joke got his start as a professional Gambler and I'm just going to leave it there because I think that says it all gambling will make you a billionaire and the richest man in your state do it now and if you want a little bit more info he owns a trading company now which is one of the biggest trading companies in the world whatever and they own 7% of bite dance which is the company that owns Tik Tok and he's worth 27 billion but the most important part is that he's a proam which means that you can do it too if you start today I hate the fact I need to do this but I think I need to explicitly say that I am joking and being sarcastic about the gambling most gamblers give up right before they win big so the chance of you becoming a billionaire is low because you likely don't have what it takes to stick with it Rhode Island Jonathan Nelson Nelson has a net worth of 3.4 billion and founded Providence Equity Partners In 1989 where he was CEO up until January 2021 his firm has invested in over 170 companies including Hulu Warner Brothers media and the Yankees South Carolina Robert faith faith is a real estate billionaire with a net worth of around 5 billion he founded and is currently CEO and chairman of Greystar which is a real estate investment company and Investment Management platform with over 34 billion in assets under development South Dakota T Denny Stanford Stanford owns First Premier Bank which is a bank that specializes in offering credit cards to high risk borrowers his bank has 17 branches and is one of the largest issuers of MasterCards many with steep rates and low limits predatory credit business aside he is an active philanthropist stating that he wants to die broke and saying he'll do this by giving away his credit company so kind of a g Tennessee Thomas Frist Jr Thomas is a former Air Force flight surgeon that later went on to found Hospital Corp of America with his father in 1968 the company now owns and operates over 168 hospitals around the world and around 2400 sites of care in 20 US states and the UK Frist is worth over $30 billion Texas Elon Musk I don't think this man needs any introduction as he's not only the richest man in Texas he's the richest man in the entire world Elon Musk is the co-founder of seven different companies including Tesla SpaceX and xai say what you want about the guy but he is extremely efficient and the level of success he's been able to create is almost unfathomable musk has a net worth of over $200 billion and is one of the younger billionaires on this list at the young age of only 52 at the time of recording this video Utah Gail Miller I really wanted Gail Lewis to be on this list but unfortunately after she retired from Walmart her net worth fell to second richest in her State Miller owns the Larry H Miller Group which has interests in real estate Healthcare finance and entertainment businesses I find it funny that they say interests it's like oh they're just interested in it they just have billions of dollars but it's just it's just an interest they're they're not doing it they're just they're just interested with billions the Millers initially gained their money by starting with a single Toyota dealership and then growing their dealer group to being the eighth largest in the entire company before selling it for for 3.2 billion they later went on to purchase the Utah Jazz for 22 million in 1986 and sold the team in 2020 for 1.66 billion not a bad return Vermont John Abel AEL co-founded medical device Company Boston Scientific in 1979 AEL took his company public in 1992 and was listed as a billionaire officially in 1996 it doesn't seem like he's done much since that listing as his net worth today is only 1.9 billion but since 2001 he has donated over 130 million to charity which is pretty cool Virginia Jaclyn Mars Jaclyn is the granddaughter of Mars Incorporated founder Frank C Mars and she owns an estimated onethird of the iconic candy company I don't want to give it away but there may be somebody else who owns another third who may be the richest person in another state but we'll get into that later Washington Bill Gates Gates does a lot of stuff now which I don't really want to get into but he got his start by founding Microsoft which is now valued in the trillions of dollars with that being said he only owns about 1.3% of Microsoft at this point which is still insane his current net worth is just over $100 billion and one of the cooler things about him is this mug shot when he got pulled over for speeding and his brand new Porsche 911 good choice West Virginia Brad Smith West Virginia seriously needs to get their money up and not their funny up because their richest person isn't even a billionaire I know laughable his net worth is 900 million so you're getting close buddy Brad Smith has served as the CEO of innuit softwares from 2008 to 2018 and then served as chairman up until 2022 Wisconsin John John manard Jr manard Jr founded Manards the third largest Home Improvement chain in the US after Home Depot in Lowe's the company has over 300 locations and did over 13 billion in 2023 John has a personal net worth of $25 billion and the junior in his name is actually short for junior bacon cheeseburger Wyoming John Mars I told you you'd come back can you guess where his money came from and can you guess his net worth well it was already on screen so John mars' net worth is 38.5 billion and his net worth also comes from the Mars family fortune ATS bro ladies and gentlemen there you have it the richest person from every single state in the United States of America a lot of billionaires a lot of old people a little bit of bank fraud and a little bit of philanthropy too let me know if you guys learned something and let me know if you enjoy this video I'd like to make more like it if you like it and if you're looking for something else to watch check out this video about what it was like to be rich in every time period thank you guys so much for watching and as always trust me bro

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrustMeBroOfficial [300 likes]: if you're reading this I hope you have a great day!
  2. @gesick35 [2 likes]: Cool we have a shopping list when the famine starts...eat the rich
  3. @KilledByThatTrain [1 likes]: 16:43  Besides Wexler, I wonder how many of these rich people are also in the Epstein files?
  4. @austinwinget1232: Ive personally met yella fella great guy down to earth not at all what you'd expect from the richest person around
  5. @stickman402: 5:26 you forgot to change Frank's last name lol
  6. @heathergillen3265: Isn't owning a sports... arm a great way to hide, the unwashed masses might be green after final rinse.
  7. @ErikaChEu: Your right, there are also good people doing good things. 
Can you make some positive ones also? Just kind of to balance the energi 😂
  8. @Trinity-wg4rb: Hey bro, trust me Raising canes aint all that good, I'm from IL and have had it only 3 times in different locations. its really more rave about the fresh chicken and the sauce that's heavily seasoned with some evenly butter seared bread. when I finally got a chance to eat it the first time I personally only shrugged my shoulders and looked at my mama who just wasted $30 on tenders. No their not bad terrible or even disgusting. simple just plain on old fresh lightly fried chicken with sauce thats heavily seasoned. Which is why sis up there was drinking it like a soft serve on a hot Sunday
  9. @zoebeal: Source : Mr. Goodnight
  10. @user-dc4dd7cm3e: I'd be interested in seeing a video on the richest person in Europe
  11. @CedeaMonay: Chick fil a definitely had scandals with the alphabet community
  12. @cocopuffs087u: Mattyballz is the best 😂 don’t dog on my man hahah
  13. @10outuh10: Quick fun face your Canadian
  14. @Ecdemaniac: 5:28 Frank and the EBay guy fused?
  15. @DRAGONLORDCOLBY: My dad used to work for quicken loans before becoming a realtor
  16. @Just_Me_06: Elon Musk isn’t from Texas, he’s from Africa
  17. @ccboom666: They all started out with money, even if it’s borrowed from family. And there’s no such thing as an ethical billionaire so they all suck too. If they cared about their workers, they wouldn’t be as rich. Or hated. 

Also SC is the lesser of the Carolina’s.
  18. @ccboom666: 8:28 omg raising canes is absolutely amazing. We have Zaxbys here and they’re expensive and they suck. I had Canes in Las Vegas and have found one in NC, which I was elated at seeing
  19. @ccboom666: 6:03 the Walton’s had a very interesting merging of families, like royalty would do for alliances, with a JB Hunt heir/ess, a trucking company.
  20. @allpowerfulincrvel: You’re flashing the frames way too quickly.

- Top 5 Richest People in The United States: Kind: captions Language: en the wealthy men of America living lives of luxury eating caviar on their yachts with supermodels and driving Lamborghinis to exotic destinations or are they what does someone do with that much money and how does someone even come into a fortune that's in the billions of dollars today we're going to take a look at the five wealthiest men in America to see how they've gotten to where they are and where exactly they plan on going Larry Ellison sixty five billion dollars Larry Ellison is one person who knows exactly what to do with his sixty five billion dollar fortune a two-time college dropout that didn't stop him from founding Oracle Corporation a computer technology company formed in Silicon Valley in 1977 he found himself sitting on a goldmine and the company quickly skyrocketed to success so what has Larry spent all his money on the exact type of stuff you would expect a billionaire to as a yacht racer he owns the 12th largest yacht in the world which cost a whopping two hundred million dollars to build when he's not racing overly expensive yachts he's flying the military jets he owns for fun he also enjoys collecting properties around the world but more specifically Malibu where he's managed to buy 12 properties worth more than 180 million dollars Mark Zuckerberg sixty nine point nine billion dollars with a fortune of sixty nine point nine billion dollars Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire on our list at 35 years old now if you don't recognize him from the lizard person memes that arose after he testified before Congress you certainly recognize his company Facebook Zuckerberg became the youngest ever self-made billionaire in the world at the age of 23 made famous through several movies about the creation of Facebook Zuckerberg has had a rocky relationship in regards to how the public perceives him with dozens of lawsuits filed against him over the years and many questioning the privacy of their information on Facebook it certainly hasn't been easy for him to be viewed everyone in a positive light Zuckerberg plans on donating 99% of his fortune to charity in the meantime what is he doing with all his money well buying a lot of houses Zuckerberg owns 10 properties across the u.s. from a townhome in San Francisco to a beachfront plantation in Hawaii in the past few years he bought the four neighboring houses to his main house in Palo Alto in a bid just to ensure his own privacy Warren Buffett eighty billion dollars the oldest billionaire on our list Warren Buffett has a net worth of 80 billion dollars one of the most recognizable billionaires in the world and one of the most successful investors of all time Warren started his career investing at the ripe old age of eleven which might make you feel a little inadequate thinking about what you were doing in your preteens his humble beginnings started by putting gumball machines in barber shops a business that he eventually sold a hustler from the very beginning Warren went on to be a millionaire by the age of 30 and a billionaire at the age of 56 but what exactly do you do with all that wealth if you're Warren Buffett you invest some wisely and you give the rest away teaming up with the next billionaire on our list Warren signed The Giving Pledge in agreement to give all his wealth to charity Bill Gates 106 billion dollars a fairly obvious name to appear on our list the second richest man in America is Bill Gates with a whopping 106 billion dollar net worth at an early age bill loved computers and software and he began writing his first program in eighth grade on a school computer after high school he went on to attend Harvard but quickly dropped out after he and a friend Paul Allen decided to start their own company in 1975 Microsoft was founded and the rest is history while working at Microsoft Bill earned a reputation for being distant and often hostile with his employees going so far as to even berate them in the middle of presentations and board meetings in 2006 bill stepped away from his role at Microsoft to focus almost in highly on Philanthropy the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation the largest privately owned foundation in the world aims to reduce poverty and enhance education and health worldwide even more surprising bill and his wife have agreed to leave each of their children 10 million-dollar inheritances and give the rest of their money to charity which means they'll be giving approximately ninety nine point six percent of their fortune away to help improve the world now he may have been a bit cruel to his employees but you can't say he isn't making up for it elsewhere Jeff Bezos one hundred and fourteen billion dollars a name that comes as no surprise the richest person in America is Jeff Bezos with a massive fortune of one hundred and fourteen billion dollars Jeff originally worked on Wall Street before he drove cross-country with his wife to form Amazon but how did Amazon rise to be the powerhouse it is today Jeff's main mantra at Amazon in the early days was get big fast it seems simple enough right fortunately for the company this mantra certainly worked however the practices behind it have on Jeff quite a reputation with many saying he aggressively pushed Amazon forward at the expense of the welfare of others and the community in addition to his unusual although revolutionary business practices Jeff was noted for driving a 1996 Honda Accord even once he amassed this fortune and speaks quite a bit to the frugal nature of this savvy businessman but as a billionaire being frugal comes with some insane purchases most notably Jeff spent eighty million dollars on three adjacent properties in New York City on top of that he's got a ranch in Texas and a stunning home in Seattle while he might have been roughing it in a beat-up car for a few years he certainly isn't anymore well that about wraps up our list for the five most wealthy men in America let me know in the comments section below what's the first thing you would buy with all that money if you enjoyed the video make sure to leave a like and subscribe as always I'm mr. luxury BIP BIP to doodly-doo

  Top Comments:
  1. @claytoncampbell9368 [14 likes]: Hello Mrs Jane is legit and her method works like magic I keep on earning every single week with her new strategies
  2. @YounisKhan-r8j2h: Meri madad kar sakte ho main mushkil waqt mein hun
  3. @epichero5868: They don't pay taxes 😂😂😂
  4. @nasiruddin-n7z5m: Good man
  5. @xoxo9623: Uh ...it's 4 years ago
  6. @codylim1: Finished watching 6:41
  7. @wizzard8083: The first thing I would buy with all that money is a 3 million dollar home in Kailua.
  8. @johnjohnthephenom9151: How many people in government have Chinese wives ?
  9. @johnjohnthephenom9151: Sometime when I see billionaire s with little asian women I feel like the Chinese government owns that guy
  10. @goodhand6203: My dear friends, I need your help. Long live the United States of Americ
  11. @emmettmicah6432: Great content
  12. @peterkabinson4795: Great example!
  13. @jacksonsebastian6591: This is magical work!
  14. @djrcchannel6496: Too much money for a single person.
  15. @christensmith1561: https://youtube.com/shorts/jsuFZ3e3jQ8?feature=share
  16. @aishasagir6433: I am a poor businessman having a company in germany but I do not have money to run.who can borrow me ten thousands usd
  17. @mustafasalah8348: Can you help me I am from Iraq
  18. @mustafasalah8348: Can you help me I am from Iraq
  19. @amirjan2041: Rich man usa  I m Amir Brohi Baloach from karachi  Pakistan  sir  my package price FedEx box dlewry  fees but  I have not money Please clear my FedEx box
  20. @reallifechenal1644: Good morning, sir I'm niladhar rana form india. I'm belongs a poor family. I'm a private teacher in odisha.  I have no gotten my salary in luckdown period. So request to all rich person in America. Please give me 10000dollar convert the Indian rupees. You are God for me. Sir. Plese help me 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏. My account Number 32586473234 ,Isfc code is SBIN0010924 please send me some money.

- The Top 5 Richest "Old Money" Families In America (Still Wealthy Today): Kind: captions Language: en in the indomitable social hierarchy of the United States old money symbolizes families whose wealth has been passed down through many generations like a well-loved family heirloom these are the dynasties whose fortunes have been so enduring that their bank accounts seem to have discovered the Fountain of Youth yet navigating through this sea of affluence isn't just about staying afloat it's about doing so with style and it's not been smooth sailing for all consider the early Vanderbilts and Goulds whose riches once eclipsed many a nation's GDP only to see their fortunes deflate like a sule in a thunderstorm their stories of lavishness now faint Echoes then there's the tale of the financial phoenixes The Rockefellers and melons initially tagged as new money these families played the long game turning their nvo re badges into old money Medals of Honor in today's episode of old money luxury we're rolling out the red carpet for Americas old money families who didn't just cling to their fortunes they catapulted them into the stratosphere be prepared for a parade of familiar surnames mingled with a few curveballs because in our Elite Circle longevity is key so if you're wondering why modern magnates like Bezos Gates or musk are conspicuously absent from our list remember in this hallowed Hall of fiscal endurance time is the ultimate gatekeeper we're not just talking wealthy we're talking American dynasties that have defined opulence for three generations or more as we describe the richest old money families in America who are still wealthy number five The Dupont family net worth $181 billion first on our list of the richest old money families in America is one you might have heard of already especially if you're from the East Coast with an approximate $8.1 billion in the coffers as of 2024 they're not just any old money Clan they're a veritable institution in the United States with a lineage of lucer that stretches back to the early 19th century that's over two centuries of making bank making history and making a little bit of controversy along the way the tale begins with elut ir Deon a French chemist who took one look at the shoddy and pricey gunpowder in his adopted country and thought I can do better and did he ever setting up shop in 18 1902 by the scenic Brandy Wine River near Wilmington Delaware he rolled out a gunpowder Mill that turned out to be a gold mine especially when the War of 1812 had Americans clamoring for Quality gunpowder just like that the Dupont family was on the map and American industry had a new heavyweight but why stop at gunpowder as the 19th turned into the 20th century the duponts branched out faster than a family tree in a fairy tale from Dynamite to the nent A automotive industry their fingers were in every pie making sure the money kept rolling in and that stake in General Motors it wasn't just a Savvy investment it was a megaphone blast announcing that the DuPont weren't merely visiting the high stakes table of American Enterprise they were permanent fixtures diversifying their empire across various sectors with the Finesse of old school tycoons but the plot thickens when you peek behind the curtain of this illustrious Dynasty the DuPont Saga is not without its dark chapters and eyebrow raising controversies that have stirred the pot over the generations their history is dotted with legal battles environmental issues and the kind of family dramas that could give soap operas a run for their money take for example their environmental record the dupants have found themselves in hot water more than once with their chemical Ventures sometimes leaving a less than Stellar mark on Mother Earth from pollution lawsuits to the unsettling Revelations about the health impacts of Teflon production the family's industrial activities have sometimes clashed with environmental and health Advocates sparking debates and legal actions another glaring chapter in the DuPont family's history is the case of John eler dupon an heir to the family fortune in a tragic turn of events steeped in mental illness and wealth's isolating effects John Dupont murdered Olympic wrestler Dave Schulz in 1996 dramatized in the excellent film Fox catcher and an incident that cast a long Shadow over the family bringing to light the darker side of immense wealth and the mental health struggles that can accompany it through it all the duponts have managed to maintain their wealth and Status into the 21st century albe it not without navigating the complexities and challenges that come with their vast wealth and influence from eluter ir's pioneering gunpowder Mill to a portfolio that reads like the who's who of American Business they've not just survived they've thrived keeping the family fortune not just intact but flourishing but it's not all about making money the DuPont have a softer side too dabbling in philanthropy and opening their former Estates to the public as museums Gardens and Parks places like winther neor and Elan Mills aren't just tourist attractions their tributes to the family's green fingers and their commitment to preserving cultural and envir enironmental legacies as for their current business interests let's just say the duponts have never put all their eggs in one basket from the bellw Stratford hotel to General Motors and even into the Realms of coal iron and explosives courtesy of Hercules powder company their investment strategy has been as varied as it has been Visionary though the nitty-gritty of their current billions worth portfolio might be shrouded in mystery one thing's for sure their Diversified approach of across chemicals automotive and finance is a blueprint for sustaining wealth that even the most astute Mogul could learn from number four the Hurst family net worth 28 billion Dive Into The Saga of the Hurst family and you'll find yourself in an epic tale worth more than 28 billion US indeed it's a story that reads like a blockbuster script with its roots reaching back to the late 19th century thanks to the audacious George Hurst you see George a man with a pensant for the Earth's Hidden Treasures struck it rich in mining and his golden ticket was The Comstock load in Nevada during the Gold Fever of the 1850s and 60s followed by a jackpot with the home stake mine in South Dakota in 1877 but this wasn't just any old mine it was the motherload of gold mines in North America cementing the Hurst name in the annals of American Wealth but the tale doesn't end there it only gets juicier with George's son William Randolph Hurst born with the same fire in his belly William took the family fortune to dizzying new heights picture a young William taking over the San Francisco Examiner in 1887 a newspaper his father snagged in a poker game because that's how the hursts role transforming it into the Cornerstone of what would become a media Empire then aiming higher he grabbed the New York Journal in 1895 catapulting the hursts into the media Stratosphere under Williams watchful eye the Hurst Corporation ballooned into a media Juggernaut scooping up newspapers magazines and even film studios we're talking about a portfolio that boasts big names like Cosmopolitan and Harper bizaar it's the kind of Empire that would make even the most seasoned Moguls do a double take but here's where the hursts really play 4D chess when William Randolph Hurst met his maker in 1951 his will wasn't just a document it was a strategic Masterpiece he whipped up a trust to keep the Family Jewels locked down and professionally managed rather than splitting the Bounty among his heirs and this wasn't just about keeping the cash in the family it was about ensuring the Hurst Legacy would outlive them all stipulating that the trust would only dissolve once his grandchildren had all taken their final bows and thus the Hurst family's Fortune has not just endured but thrived navigating through five generations of changing times and fortunes these days beyond the headlines and broadcasting waves the Hearst descendants have ventured into Realms as vast as real estate and as niche as B2B Ventures creating a financial Fortress that seems almost impenetrable and with William Randolph Hurst III the great grandson of the founding father of the Hurst Dynasty at the helm as chairman the Hurst corpor operation remains a Titan in the shadows its influence woven deep into the fabric of global media and Beyond not just content with a piece of the media pie Hurst owns Hefty shares in Giants Like A and E networks and ESPN in a dazzling dance of partnership with the Walt Disney Company these Stakes are not just lines on a ledger they're golden geese laying Platinum eggs fueling the Hurst Empire's ever expanding wealth but why stop at media when the world is full of opportunities the hursts certainly didn't Hurst Ventures the family's Venture Capital arm Scouts The Horizon for the next big thing injecting Capital into fledgling companies that promise to redefine Industries among the constellation of hursts guiding this Empire William Randolph Hurst III shines the brightest as chairman yet the boardroom is crowded with the Legacy bearers Lisa Hurst Hagerman George Randolph Hurst III and Virginia Hurst rant GR Children of the legendary William Randolph Hurst each wielding influence over the Dynasty's Direction the Hurst riches however aren't just about the abstract digits of stocks and shares they're tangibly anchored in the Earth itself the hurst's Dominion extends over a green Empire of forests and Timberland in California with an acquisition spree adding 20,000 acres to their Green Belt which already spans a vast 62,000 Acres this isn't merely land it's a renewable Gold Mine contributing a significant chunk to the heurst net worth and ensuring a green yet golden Legacy therefore in the ever unfolding story of the heurst family each chapter adds layers to their Legend with each generation the hursts not only preserve their Heritage but also expand it ensuring their place not just in the history books but in the future's Ledger too number three the Johnson family of Fidelity Investments net worth $37 billion US the Johnson family the masterminds behind Fidelity Investments have built a towering $ 37 billion Empire all under the watchful eye of one of the most illustrious old money States Massachusetts this tale begins with Edward C Johnson II not just a Boston lawyer with a knack for the legal but a Visionary who saw gold where others saw dust in 1946 he took a gamble on Fidelity management and research company a move that would ink the Johnson name in financial law and Edward he was a Pioneer so much so that by 1943 he was steering the Fidelity Fund ship as its president and director navigating through the choppy Waters of the Great Depression a time when Banks were toppling like dominoes yet the Fidelity Fund stood tall the sole survivor approved by John C Hull massachusetts's Securities director this wasn't just luck it was the first note in what would become a symphony of success and the Next Generation became even stronger with Edward's son Ned Johnson in 1957 young Ned stepped into Fidelity as a research analyst but he wasn't content to stay in the shadows following his father's retirement Ned took the helm as chairman and CEO and oh how he sailed the ship under his watch Fidelity didn't just grow it exploded from managing a respectable 3.9 billion in Assets in 1972 to a jawdropping $2.1 trillion by 2016 with an additional 5.7 trillion under Administration from Millions to trillions Ned indeed turned Fidelity into a financial Juggernaut but let's not box the Johnson's into the New England Corner their financial tentacles stretch far and wide they've bagged a hefty 40% slice of fidelity International the globe trotting cousen catering to clients beyond the North American Shores boasting a cool $714 billion in assets as of the latest tally and that's just for starters their investment smoggers board sprawls across sectors like real estate where Pembrook real estate waves the family flag to telecommunications with cult group sa not to mention a dip into the oil wells of Discovery natural resources and even a venture capital arm under eight roads thus the Johnson port portfolio is less a portfolio and more a treasure chest of diverse riches and at the helm of this financial gallion stands Abigail Johnson the CEO president and Fidelity's Crown Jewel shareholder under aby's stewardship Fidelity hasn't just grown it's flourished expanding its asset base and boldly venturing into the crypto Waters offering investment options for The institutionally Adventurous her brother Edward C Johnson IV mans the real estate B ship pemrick real estate and boasts a hefty stake in the Fidelity Empire alongside investments in Fidelity International and Northern Neck investors and Abigail's personal coffers are estimated at a staggering $22.6 billion placing her among the pantheon of the globe's wealthiest women as for Edward IV his treasure chest is filled with the fruits of a 7.5% stake in fmr a share bolstered by the dispersal of their father Edward III's Fortune but the Johnson wealth isn't just sprawling it's meticulously managed through impris management cradling about $13.4 billion in assets that Whisper of Insider ownership with the family holding the Reigns to 80% of this bounty meanwhile Elizabeth Johnson another of the clan presides over a horse farm Kingdom in Wellington Florida adding a dash of equestrian flare to the family's diverse interests so as Fidel Investments weaves through the fabric of Finance adapting expanding and innovating the Johnson family sails on charting courses through diverse Financial Seas number two the Cargill McMillan Family net worth $ 56.2 billion the Cargill McMillan Family with their staggering 56.2 billion doll Fortune isn't just wealthy their financial royalty boasting 14 billionaires setting the reported record for the most ultra wealthy family members in One brood in US history and their vast Wealth Springs from the fertile grounds of Cargill Inc the Titan of the Agri bus sector and the largest private Corporation in the United States by Revenue now this financial Empire traces its roots back to 1865 when William Wallace Cargill a Visionary son of a Scottish sea captain laid the Cornerstone of what would become a colossal Legacy starting with a humble grain storage business in Conover Iowa William tapped into the agricultural boom of the Midwest his strategic Acumen in leveraging Grain storage facilities catered to the burgeoning needs of farmers during the American Frontiers expansion by hoarding grain until market conditions turned favorable William didn't just make a fortune he sowed the seeds of an enduring Financial Dynasty the Baton of wealth was then relayed across over five generations ations the torch initially ignited by WW cargle was passed to his son-in-law John H McMillan senior in 1909 thus introducing the McMillan lineage into the Enterprise under McMillan's stewardship the company broadened its Horizon delving into flower Milling feed manufacturing and a smallus board of Agri business ventures from food processing to commodity trading and risk management as the 20th century infid into the the Carill McMillan lineage nurtured their Behemoth all the while cloaking their operations in a veil of privacy befitting their privately held status despite shunning the Limelight of public markets Carill incorporated's Financial might has been unmistakable with revenue streams gushing into the billions cementing the family's place in the pantheon of global wealth indeed every year like clockwork the Cargill McMillan Clan skims a cool 18% off the top of Cargill incorporated's net profits tucking it away as dividends it's not just pocket change it's a testament to their towering presence in the Agri bus Colossus they've built and meticulously nurtured and among this affluent family a few stars shine particularly bright thanks to their Hefty wallets and deep ties to the company's heartbeat James Cargill Austin Cargill and marann lebman all great grandchildren of the legendary William Wallace Cargill each boast a fortune that would make Midas Green With Envy clocking in at a cool $5.4 billion a piece yes that means each of them individually has at least that much as of the latest Whispers from the world of wealth this Trio alongside Pauline kenth and gwendaline suntime Meer have watched their fortunes swell in harmony with cargill's triumphs etching the family's name even deeper into the annals of global affluence in this dynasty each member plays a part in the grand scheme of Agra business domination from the fields of the Midwest to the executive boardrooms where decisions shape the future of food finance and Beyond number one the Mars family net worth $15.4 billion and Topping our list is a family with more money than most can fathom the Mars Dynasty who have gained unfathomable rich es through the Sweet Success of Mars Incorporated this Behemoth in The Confectionary pet care and food product Industries owes its prosperity to the candy Empire dreamt up by Franklin Clarence Mars in the early 20th century Franklin or Frank Sear's as he's more fondly remembered was The Mastermind behind the family's Fortune born in September 1883 he dipped his toes into The Confectionary Waters at a tender age and his journey began with the nougat house in Tacoma Washington in 1911 but it was the launch of the Milky Way bar in 1923 that really put the Mars name on the map this chocolate delight didn't just satisfy sweet tooths it catapulted Mars Incorporated to the Forefront of the candy industry then the Roaring 20s were indeed roaring for the Mars Clan as this era laid the golden bricks of their Fortune the Milky Way's success followed by the birth of other Sweet Legends like Snick and M&M's cemented Mars Incorporated status as a confectionary Titan Frank's knack for innovation in candy creation and marketing Wizardry fueled the company's explosive growth and the family's burgeoning bank accounts this sweet Legacy has been meticulously crafted and preserved across four generations from Frank Sears to his son Forest Edward Mars senior and down the lineage to forest's offspring and their children Forest e senior born on the 21st of March 1904 was pivotal in taking the Mars Empire Global and diversifying into Realms Beyond candy venturing into pet care and other food Arenas this strategic expansion not only Diversified the fam's portfolio but anchored their financial dominance even more firmly and foresty Mar seniors children including Forest Mars Jr John Mars and jacqualine Mars inherited this sugary Empire and have been the the custodians of its growth steering Mars towards New Horizons and the third generation of the Mars lineage has played a crucial role in ensuring the company's star shines bright in the global market blending Traditional Values with modern Innovations at the Forefront of this dynasty stands Jacqueline Mars born in 1939 whose name is synonymous with both wealth and generosity Jacqueline alongside her brother John inherits the mantle of co-ownership of Mars though neither delves into the day-to-day management of the conglomerate with a fortune estimated at $23.6 billion Jacqueline's presence on Forbes 2019 roster of the world's wealthiest individuals is as prominent as it is deserved thanks to her substantial philanthropic Endeavors and patronage of the Arts and John Mars Jacqueline's brother born in 1935 mirrors his sister in both net worth and his role within the company holding an impressive Fortune also pegged at 23 billion or so Jon has similarly stepped back from the operational Helm yet his influence remains intact evidenced by his honorary Knighthood from our late Queen Elizabeth II in 2015 and his involvement with the Mars foundation and the legacy of forest Mars Jr who departed in 2016 lives on through his four daughters Victoria Valerie Pamela and Marik Mars each inheriting an 8% stake in the family Empire Victoria once the chair of Mars board alongside Pamela who also served in a similar capacity before stepping down have left indelible marks on the company's governance meanwhile Valerie and MAA persist in their active roles within the company and its board maintaining the Mars family's enduring Legacy and stewardship of the business together the Four Sisters command a collective net worth of$ 24 billion US a symbol of the enduring value and growth of Mars Incorporated thus the Mars family's history is not merely a Chronicle of wealth accumulation but a story of strategic expansion philanthropic leadership and a deep-seated commitment to the Arts and community and now we'd like to see you in the comments which of these old money families would you like us to do a longer form in-depth history of we love making content based on your requests so be sure to leave us your thoughts below and we look forward to hearing from you thanks again for joining us on another episode of old money luxury and cheers until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @oldmoneyluxury [40 likes]: COMMENT: Which of these “old money” families would you like us to do a longer-form, in-depth history of?
  2. @3618499 [1 likes]: 😩 IT IS WRITTEN…. 

“ What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul? ”  - Mark 8:36
  3. @TomBruns-by3vn [1 likes]: I liked the list. One can argue that families should be added or subtracted but it was interesting to learn about these five family fortunes
  4. @JeffDetmer: The photo of John Marrs is actually Sheldon Adelson. 🙄
  5. @SKing1691: Caroline Astor (The Mrs. Astor) created a social registry that listed 200 people.
These are the true old money folks. They started to build their fortunes in the 17 and 18 centuries.
If by 1880 you are not from more than 3 generations of wealth, you are new or dirty money.
Most of the families you mentioned are new money.
  6. @ChrisDeans-o8n: I dont càre what's put on coins just keep it respectful
  7. @vwk3851: The Mellons have never been "new money". They were close to the Kingdom of Scotland since Medieval times, as well as being among the founding members of the Thirteen Colonies.
  8. @12snapper43: I would like to hear more about the philanthropy of these families. The libraries , museums etc that they created for the edification of our American culture. I think there is a stark contrast to the legacy of our present president who seems to want money and glory, but hasn’t a clue about giving for the greater good.
  9. @WillCincy: The UIHLEIN Family in Milwaukee
  10. @AshapiroNyamambi: Can do the coch brothers, Johnson and Johnson,  ??
  11. @AshapiroNyamambi: How about the Johnson and Johnson?
  12. @jangoatanango: 50% Reichensteuer Mr Trump
  13. @danilobillanes4187: Where are the Waltons???
  14. @EliteLuxuriousLifestyle: There are certainly wealthy Black families with long-standing financial legacies. One example is the Johnson Publishing Company family, founders of Ebony and Jet magazines, who built a media empire
  15. @streetsmartnyc: All that money and nobody can fix their face
  16. @streetsmartnyc: I'd rather be lucky than smart
  17. @G5Hohn: Hercules powder company no longer exists. It’s Alliant powder, now a division of Vista outdoors.
  18. @janiegolden5338: Wonderful video... Thanks for sharing!
  19. @robertpayne9009: Thanks!
  20. @jackthompson8560: Hershey is not on the list?

- The Top 10 Richest People In The World (July 2025): Kind: captions Language: en Today on Forbes, the top 10 richest people in the world, July 2025. There's a new number two richest in the world. Larry Ellison, the co-founder and chairman of software giant Oracle is 56 billion richer than he was at the start of June, thanks to a 32% jump in Oracle stock price to an all-time high after the company reported better than expected quarterly revenue and profits on June 11th. That boosted Ellison's net worth to an estimated $262 billion as of early on July 1st, making him the world's second richest person for the first time since December. Our top 10 richest people on Earth list is as of July 1st, 2025 at 12:00 a.m. Eastern time. As a reminder, stock prices fluctuate routinely, so the net worths on our list may change on a daily basis. Forbes tracks the daily changes on our real-time list of billionaires. Forbes has been keeping track of the world's billionaires since 1987. In April 2025, we found 3,028 of them for our annual list. Larry Ellison, who ranked as the world's fourth richest person at the end of May, surged past Meta's Mark Zuckerberg and Amazon's Jeff Bezos in June. Zuckerberg and Bezos each dropped one spot and are now the world's third and fourth richest people. Zuckerberg is worth an estimated $255 billion and Bezos is worth an estimated $233 billion. Zuckerberg added an estimated $31 billion to his fortune in June as shares of Meta soared by 14% to an all-time high after the company announced a number of new artificial intelligence investments, including its acquisition of 49% of Scale AI for $14 billion. Bezos, meanwhile, boosted his net worth by an estimated $13 billion as shares of Amazon climbed by 7%. Making him the fourth largest gainer of the month among the world's 10 wealthiest. The third biggest gainer was Nvidia co-founder and CEO Jensen Huang, whose fortune grew by an estimated $20 billion in June to $137 billion as shares of his chipmaker jumped by 17%. After at least two analysts raised their price targets for the firm amid the ongoing AI boom, Huang, who ranked as the world's 11th richest person at the start of June, jumped one spot and knocked Spanish fast fashion mogul Amanio Ortega of Inditex, known for its Zara chain, out of the top 10. Ortega, whose net worth fell by an estimated $4 billion to $120 billion, now ranks as the world's 12th richest person with Michael Dell taking the 11th spot. Ortega is one of four billionaires from last month's top 10 who lost money in June. The biggest loser was Elon Musk, even though he maintains his position as the richest person in the world. Musk's net worth fell by an estimated $16 billion to $47 billion in June. Shares of his most valuable asset, electric vehicle maker Tesla, fell by 8% as Musk spent much of the month feuding with his former boss while he was heading up the Department of Government Efficiency or Doge, President Donald Trump. July appears to be getting off to a rocky start as the fight with Trump intensifies. The fortunes of Warren Buffett and French luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arno of LVMH fell by $12 billion and $5 billion respectively. On Monday, Buffett announced his annual gift of Berkshire Hathaway stock to the Gates Foundation, formerly the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, foundations run by his children, and one started by his late first wife. His $6 billion gift accounted for about half his net worth decline. As a group, the top 10 kick off July worth $2 trillion combined, up $100 billion since June 1st. The rise in their fortunes came as the NASDAQ and the S&P 500 rose by nearly 6% and 5% over the last month, respectively, to close at all-time highs as tariff related trade tensions between the US and the rest of the world continued easing for the second straight month. Not mentioned here so far in filling out the top 10 are number five, Larry Page, the co-founder of Google, whose net worth is 145.9 billion. Number seven, Steve Balmer, the former CEO of Microsoft and owner of the Los Angeles Clippers, whose net worth is $141.2 billion. And number eight, Sergi Brin, the other co-founder of Google, whose net worth is $139.5 billion. For full coverage, check out the Forbes Wealth Teams piece on Forbes.com. This is Kieran Meadows from Forbes. Thanks for tuning in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kamalakantajena-h9b [1 likes]: ιмвℓαѕє∂🎉😢❤
  2. @kirkrobinson6743 [1 likes]: V🧚‍♀️🐝🗽
  3. @kirkrobinson6743 [1 likes]: V🧚‍♀️🐝🗽
  4. @AbdulMamadsual [1 likes]: Salam Shaykh Ibn Uthaymin RadiAllaho Anho said: If you wish for your wealth to increase and sins to be forgiven, then give in charity." Nauzubillah (Ahkam min al- Qur'an v.2 #293) Shukran
  5. @Janine-q3b8t: They couldn't buy me.God is more important than any flesh
  6. @khriezopielie1992: There are 8.2 billion people in this world, so if they give just $1 bn to each and every person in the world, how much is left in his hand? 😂
  7. @StelicaBarbu-x9x: Simplu. Ce-ați înțeles d-voastră, din ce a spus fiecare dintre eii. Vă spun că este nevoie de multă Știință. ❤❤❤Pentru asta. ❤❤❤Mulțumesc lui Dumnezeu. Doamne ajută. ❤❤❤
  8. @The-Faithful-and-True: FROM: Elon Musk 
TO: Jeff E
SUBJECT: epic island vacation
Hi Jeff! I was thinking of flying down for an epic vacation.. a party. (girls FTW!) I cleared my calendar. What are the details? Thank you good sir.

TO: Elon Musk
SUBJECT: RE: FWD: epic island vacation
I'm so sorry, Elon! You just missed J E. He actually told me he was thinking of winding down the entire Little St. James operation. Bummer! If it starts up again we'll be sure to let you know.

The richest man according to Forbes is now just a dead man walking.
  9. @marnie_onetouch6247: Interesting to know this
  10. @JenSharpling: Most of the rich people from Dubai or America
  11. @AmyEngelbart-d5y6r: 7 gots 2 go
  12. @Daniel_khella13: You ever been so rich you lived in an imagination of where you got money from? 

Maybe god came from a hindu hence first religion?

Maybe goddess lakshme is wealth? 

Khella lakshme

Whos to say youll search it… your too important

No j thought grandparent patenting meant kill your babies as according to doctor gundam,
  13. @Eeihn: I thought I was rich until I saw this 🤣
  14. @KirkRobinson-i4u: V🧚‍♀️⚡️🐝🦇🧣🕶️
  15. @RadhakrishnaKamat-d8n: My Heartly Brother LARRY..
  16. @OmParkash-u1o: Non Comparable One Reliable One In Reachest Circle Of Wealthy On Earth
  17. @주신-y8j: 여러분이 부자라는 개념을 잘 모르는데... 부자란, 내 건물에 핵폭탄을 장착해서 중공에 핵폭탄을 쐈다... 이런게 부자다... 왜???...중공이냐고???... 시진핑이 내한테 선전포고했거든...
하하하하하... Merry Christmas and Happy new year...^^v...
  18. @Kitty-t1e9j: I don't want them to spend those money on drugs.
  19. @KirkRobinson-i4u: V🧚‍♀️🦇🕶️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🦌
  20. @KirkRobinson-i4u: V🧚🐝⚡️🥥🦇🕶️

- How America’s richest donate their money: Kind: captions Language: en Every year, Forbes magazine releases a list of America's biggest givers. And in 2023, these 25 individuals or pairs made the list. It includes people like Google co-founder Sergey Brin... and Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan. These are the piles of money Forbes reported each of them has given away. Collectively, a whopping $196 billion of lifetime giving. That's bigger than the GDP of most countries. This giant pile of money has done a lot of good... but it's hiding a more complicated and problematic story of billionaire philanthropy in America. We'll show you how. The Forbes list ranks the biggest givers by how much they've given over a lifetime. Biggest to smallest. And they only measure dollars given to charitable recipients. That means it excludes money parked in a foundation. We'll get back to that. And money pledged, but not paid out. You’ll see here that Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda French Gates are standouts. This chart we're making measures the givers current net worth. Adding their philanthropic giving to that we came up with the percentage of their net worth they've given away. So Forbes puts Buffett's current net worth at $106 billion... and he's given away $51.5 billion in his life... which puts him at 33%. who are divorced but still do philanthropic work together... have a collective net worth of $109 billion... and have given $38.4 billion away. Most of this group's donations go to poverty and public health around the world and education in the US. And together, Buffett and the Gates's created the Giving Pledge. A promise by the world's wealthiest individuals and families to dedicate a majority of their wealth to charitable causes. That's over 50%. They're almost there, but not quite. These 13 givers have signed it, too including Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz and his wife, Carrie Tuna.... Jeff Bezos’s ex-wife, Mackenzie Scott and Michael Bloomberg. The other signatories fall around here. Only two of them have made it over the 50% line. The banker — T. Denny Sanford — has given 53% of his net worth away. And Duty Free Shoppers founder Chuck Feeney... almost every last penny of his fortune. George Soros hasn't signed the Giving Pledge but he belongs here, too. He's given 73% of his wealth away. The eBay founder and his wife go here and everyone else on the Forbes list falls roughly in this area. Over the course of their lives they've given 12% or less of their net worth away. In the least flattering zone of the chart the highest net worth but the lowest proportion of it given away... is Jeff Bezos. The founder of Amazon is the richest person on this chart. His $117 billion net worth dwarfs his $2.7 billion of philanthropic giving. It's only 2.3% of his wealth over his lifetime. For context that's about as much as what Americans, on average consistent only give as a proportion of their disposable income per year: About 2%. Bezos’s money has gone to various causes like fighting climate change, education... he even gave $100 million directly to Dolly Parton. Bezos’s philanthropic reputation at this point is kind of that he doesn't have one. It's kind of hazy is what a lot of experts have told me. That's Whizy Kim senior reporter for Vox, who covers billionaires. A lot of people speculate that that's one of the reasons he’s made this recent announcement of “I’m eventually going to give my net worth away.” There was a lot of pushback, a lot of speculation around “Hey Jeff, why aren't you more involved in philanthropy?” This chart helps us see who the real standout givers are... those who give most of their wealth away and those who hold onto their enormous fortunes. Even if a certain individual is very generous. If overall, this class of people just keeps amassing more and more money we've got to look at ourselves and ask “Okay, what are we doing wrong here and how do we reverse this?” All this money creates what the Institute for Policy Studies has called top heavy philanthropy: Where individual wealthy donors make up a large portion of charitable giving. Since 2011, mega gifts of $1 million or more from single donors have been growing. If you are a relatively small institution... that receives funding from a very large philanthropist... they take their money away, you are in trouble. This chart breaks down charitable tax deductions by household income level since the early 90s. Nonprofits used to rely on the broad support of the population. In 1993, 77% of charitable deductions were taken by households making less than $200,000. Today, that chart has almost flipped: Households making more than $1 million were taking the most charitable deductions. So just a handful of people are deciding what merits philanthropic money and how these causes should be solved. Ultra wealthy donors tend to give to different causes then the rest of us. An analysis of the Chronicle of Philanthropy’s top 50 donors shows that they give to education more than the causes non-wealthy donors give to: Like to health... a lot to religion, the environment, and international affairs. That could mean a billionaire giving $500 million to his alma mater for a new building on campus... or another giving $750 million in one single donation to charter schools in 20 US cities. A relatively small amount of money can have a great impact on a specific school district or a single charter school. The top 50 donors are also more likely to give through a private foundation. Most of the people on the Forbes list have had their own private foundations or they give to them. Here's how they work. Donors make large charitable gifts to a foundation in the form of cash, assets, or stocks. In return, they get huge tax benefits immediately. But the foundation only has to give money to actual charities at a rate of 5% a year. That means money can stockpile in here donors reap the tax benefits... while charities may only get a trickle over time. The Forbes list only counts this money that foundations have already given to charity. Not the money parked here. Meanwhile, this money continues to enrich donors. There's another way billionaires donate that the Forbes list doesn't count at all. Donor advised funds which are more secretive by design. These are charitable savings accounts that allow the donor to be anonymous and offer even bigger upfront tax benefits. More importantly they have no reporting or payout requirements... so it's difficult to tell whether the money is going somewhere good or just lowering the donors tax bill. Donor advice funds have been rising in popularity... meaning collectively they are housing billions of dollars yet to be paid out to charities. As of 2020, that figure was $160 billion. And the huge multibillion dollar endowments of foundations means they have a lot of power. Like the Gates Foundation. In terms of global public health... the Gates Foundation does got a lot of credit... for their work in improving vaccine access for preventable diseases for very young children. Since they've been doing their work in child mortality rates like infant mortality under 5 has gone down a lot. Their foundation is also the largest private donor to the World Health Organization. Which tells you a lot about just how much agenda setting power they have. And what kinds of public health problems to prioritize. The biggest criticism is that it's undemocratic. Former Enron executive John Arnold and his wife, Laura have been advocating for reform of donor advised funds. By lobbying Congress to require them to distribute funds within 15 years... or for donors to only get a tax deduction upon distribution to charities. Others advocate to increase the payout requirements at foundations from 5% annually to 10%. These types of reforms are small fixes to the system. But if our country didn't have such dramatic wealth inequality... we wouldn't have to rely on the charitable whims of these billionaires to begin with.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yo-jk5tg [1 likes]: How I wish a millionaire would give me a house. May Jesus Christ continue to bless you.
  2. @elitludos667 [1 likes]: If they really want to help why not share part of these money with your employes. The money stays with them after all.
  3. @shirookanini9929: I need donation am from Africa (Kenya)
  4. @Kiba114: but what if they just pay taxes
  5. @SriyaKasthuri-e5p: Iam fromsrilanka i want help
  6. @oleskoolgaming890: AI Overview

￼

￼

￼

+16

In the United States, the government does not directly tax 

donations received by qualifying charitable organizations. Instead, the tax system incentivizes giving by allowing donors to potentially deduct their contributions from their federal income tax if they itemize deductions.
  7. @Spurnima-w2s: Hi
  8. @umzaidan4574: السلام عليكم ورحمة الله و بركاته ، ساعوني احضر بناتي الاثنين و زوجتي من الفلبين اللي ما رأيتهم من أكثر من عام، أريد أحضرهم من الفلبين و يمكثوا معي في الامارات 6 شهور و أخذهم معي على مصر و مو معى مال. و أعود إلى عملي و أشهد الله امامكم أنه لما يوسع الله على ان شاء الله اني سوف اتصدق بقيمة تكاليف احضارهم و أكثر و أستمر ان شاء الله دون انقطاع ، بس يوسع الله على و يرزقني من فضله و انا و الله ما باقطع الصدقة ابدا ان شاء الله. انا كل يوم اموت و احيا 100 مرة لان الناس هناك في الجنوب في مقاطعة مينداناو في محافظة كوتاباتو الشمالية بدؤا تقتيل  في بعضهم مثل ما كانوا في السابق من سنين طويلة مع انهم مسلمين و ما ادري ليش يقتلوا بعض تاني
  9. @audreydupuy2628: I don't see it as amazing that people so rich give away 50%of their wealth. Their needs are already met by much much less.
They should create a shame list with all the billionaires who don't give and instead spend lavishly on themselves
  10. @pamshepherd365: No EBT people are going to go hungry everywhere.. Babies without WIC they are going to go hungry.. Are you going for too help feed USA??
  11. @LubegaElvis-es7nj: Me
  12. @MjbFsy-yx2pi: We're individuals needing a small donation. $100,000 to a widowed senior and her DACs would sooooo help survival mode. Please help?!
  13. @puttivatanunta7639: ฟ้องเอไอ
  14. @AlainHernandez: donating your money is a good thing. i support so but then you give it to god knows who. but yet the major of the world individuals to be specific are still broke with families trying to support their family. you know what 1 million dollar would do to small business owners? but yet you donate it to some strange technology that yes is going to help the world but do us hard working honest business individuals to experience any of that wealth but yet for years we the very people that never get a donation are the very people who purchased the products and services that made them billions. my personal opinion is that is a disgrace to see this unfold. one day when I have millions and I begin donations I will do so at the individual level not to only to some tech company or science cause. its just a disgrace. i am happy for him being able to do this but disappointed in the way wealthy people donate their money.
  15. @elitludos667: Simple and straight. They just keep the money between themselves. Just camuflated into charity.
  16. @Nigusew: ❤❤❤
  17. @Nigusew: Hi
  18. @SambasivaFaerber: This video made me think — are they giving to help others, or just helping their legacy and taxes?
  19. @HwakaProscovia: How can I access them
  20. @uzgar: Chiant…

- Where the richest 20 people in the US live: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] interestingly three of the top 20 live in the Seattle Washington area including the richest man in America Bill Gates who resides in Medina also billionaire number three Jeff Bezos lives in Seattle and in Hunts Point Washington is Steve Balmer Nike founder Phil Knight is in Hillsboro Oregon not surprisingly four of our billionaires live in and around California's Silicon Valley Larry Ellison of Oracle Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook and Sergey Bren and Larry pagee of Google casino billionaire Sheldon Adon calls Las Vegas his home John Mars of Mars candy resides in Jackson Wyoming our number two billionaire Warren Buffett lives in Omaha Charles Koke is located in Witchita Kansas Jim Alice and Sam Robson Walton all live in Bentonville Arkansas Jacqueline and Forest Mars Jr of Mars candy call Virginia Home George Soros Michael Bloomberg and David KO dwell in the Big Apple

  Top Comments:
  1. @harrytucker8555 [18 likes]: I pray whoever reads this should become successful. keep fighting for success. the rich stay rich by spending like the poor and investing why the poor stay poor and be spending like the rich yet not investing. Roar! Invest earn and be successful.
  2. @ransfordbotcey92 [10 likes]: These are the only ones we know public. The private ones who own more than these guys: Rothchilds, Rockerfeller, Watson etc
  3. @danny19283 [10 likes]: well time to go rob them
  4. @darkchocospy7080 [3 likes]: richest man is jeff bezos not bill gates
  5. @icekalibur8520 [2 likes]: Where are these rappers talking about money. They not on the list. Ok. This is real money, ok.
  6. @MichiganUSASingaporeSEAsia [2 likes]: How about ford, Meijers and Devos?
  7. @avalenzuela9011 [2 likes]: What about The Donald
  8. @keepsteddy [2 likes]: pause at 0:25 hidden face
  9. @rodolfovitangcol2084 [1 likes]: Billion Dollar Income Potential in Ruvol

I have invented a Board Game [still unpublished] that is guaranteed to be far more challenging and exciting to play than CHESS.  I called it “RUVOL.”  

Over time, Ruvol will surpass chess as the “Number One Board Game in the World.” 

Why am I so sure about this?  Because I am an avid chess player myself.  I found chess to be so repetitive that any clever player could easily master the moves to a point they could even play against opponents blindfolded.  It is for this reason I invented a game where every game is always a new challenge and exciting to play. 

Since Ruvol is yet “unpublished,” I am extra careful in disclosing fully how  it is exactly played, lest it might be “plagiarized.”  The “BEST PREVIEW” I can give, more than enough to appreciate how the game is played, is as follows:

1.	Ruvol is almost somewhat played like chess.  [I invented Ruvol primarily to give chess a direct “apple-to-apple” competition.] 
2.	Like chess, Ruvol is a board game for two players.
3.	If the chess board is square in shape containing 64 squares in all, the Ruvol board is rectangular with more number of squares in it.
4.	If each chess player has 16 pieces, each Ruvol player has equal number of pieces as well.
5.	If each type of chess piece moves in a distinct way, the Ruvol types of pieces move in distinct ways, too. 
6.	If to win the chess game requires tactical skills or strategic thinking, the more the Ruvol requires of it.
7.	If the way to win chess is to checkmate the opponent’s king, the way to win Ruvol is entirely different but far more exciting and challenging.    

In my Google search, I learned there are around 800 million chess players in the world.  These 800 million players comprise the “Total Potential Buyers” of Ruvol across the globe.  At an average profit of just US$5 per set, the “Global Income Potential” of Ruvol then is US$4 billion.  Assuming only 1% of it will buy each year, the annual global potential sale is US$40M.

I AM SELLING MY COPYRIGHT TO RUVOL.  

Since it entails huge money to produce, distribute, and market Ruvol in global scale which I don’t have, I find it “wiser” to simply sell my copyright.  

If you are interested to buy my copyright, email me your BEST PRICE OFFER.  Or if you know someone who is willing to buy my copyright, you are entitled to a 10% commission.

On the other hand, if you have a “much better option” in mind than what I am proposing, I will be happy to know them.

Thanks and God bless.
 
RODOLFO MARTIN VITANGCOL
The Ruvol Inventor

rodolfovitangcol@gmail.com
  10. @babyboy8597 [1 likes]: I thought Trump was gonna be part of this list. Why not?.
  11. @a-10e [1 likes]: Real richest man is Jacob rothchild who controls all banks and makes and supplies all money.
  12. @Dakb1000: When Bezos wasn’t the richest in the world 😂
  13. @yankeefernandez: I was about to say " Bill Gates is NOT the richest man in america, dumb@ss", but then realized this video is from 2016.
  14. @sala7988: i believe they live in the Amazonas
  15. @tonybanks1440: So lucky to click the Dumpsmajesty appreciation from Julian on the site, I got a new CC from him @dumpsmajesty on telegram, so happy.. Thank you sir
  16. @josiahayuba2358: Do you need a hacker, bitcoin hack and investments, bank loading, game hacks, youtube channel hack, any account recovery ? use link below https://www.instagram.com/sam_walts00/
  17. @colombianflag717: And many people dying from hunger around the globe.
  18. @seekadventureforever8440: I love your background music
  19. @schon239: #2 is in NE?! O.o
Never knew that...
  20. @idyjohn: What's this hijack guide?

- Who's The Richest Person In History?: Kind: captions Language: en If someone with an average salary wanted Elon Musk's net worth, they would have to work for 8 million years. That's 30 times longer than human beings have existed. And in the time it's taken me to tell you this, Elon has made another $100,000. But the craziest thing about Elon is that he's not even the richest person in history. He's actually not even close. If you look back in time, there are people that make Elon look broke. So, let's go find the richest human to ever exist. Starting in the late8s with a Colombian billionaire who revolutionized the energy supplement industry, Pablo Escobar. He was raking in 420 million a week. But his net worth after inflation only reached 80 billion. So, on paper, he's not even beating Elon. But unlike everyone else in this video, Pablo's wealth wasn't tied up in stocks or politics. He just had literal dollars. He was spending a grand a week on rubber bands just to hold them together. And damage to them cost him 2 billion a year. So Pablo wasn't the richest person in history overall, but if we're talking actual cash, he probably was. But let's go back in time to see a very different kind of wealth. The year is 1945. World War II just ended, and in America, millions of soldiers are coming home. They'll return to a bluecollar economy where families can be supported on a single income. The American dream is alive and well. How's everyone else doing? It's in these ruins where we'll find one of the richest men to ever live. Joseph Stalin, the communist ruler of the Soviet Union, was uninterested in money. He had practically no personal possessions outside of his pipes, books, and plain military tunic. He did live much better than his citizens, having access to things like food, but he wasn't basking in luxury. His payubs show him making today's equivalent of 30K a month. But according to his son, he just let the checks pile up on his desk, and he probably didn't even have a savings account. The reason Stalin is considered one of the richest men in history, despite technically having no money, is because he didn't need money. He already owned the entire state. Doing anything that questioned his power, even something like telling a private joke, would get you goologed or executed. Stalin had so much control that after he had a fatal stroke, no one called a doctor for 12 hours because everyone was too scared of Stalin waking up and punishing them for acting without official orders. So despite being broke on paper, Stalin had complete control over an economy that would today be worth $10 trillion. See, in order to find the richest person in history, we need to think bigger than just money. Every person in this video will represent a different time period and a different form of wealth. whether it be political power or cash or company equity. And in the end, only one will be determined as the richest person in history. So, let's move on to our next contender. In 1909, Adolf Hitler was homeless. He had moved to Vienna to pursue his dream of becoming an artist, but things weren't really working out. He got rejected from art school and found himself selling small paintings and postcards just to get by and sleeping in hostiles. Then after fighting in the first world war and beginning his political involvement, he attempted to forcefully overthrow the government which got him locked up for 9 months. Hopefully he'll use these 9 months. Minecom. Upon release in 1925, the racism manifesto met with mediocre sales. But as Germany's situation declined, Minecom's popularity grew. And when Hitler took power in 1933, the book was everywhere. It was also around this time when Hitler realized he had access to developer commands. He instructed the government to buy 6 million copies of his own book and hand them out to soldiers, government officials, and newlyweds. He then avoided a $2 million bill by making himself taxexempt. His next lick was copyrighting his own image, which allowed him to collect royalties on every postage stamp sold in Nazi Germany. Then he copyrighted his speeches so he could collect money when they were printed in the news. These passive income streams made Hitler millions. By the end of his life, Minecom had sold around 10 million copies, which actually isn't an insane amount. For reference, he was outsold 3 to1 by Anne Frank. But Hitler did have one last side hustle. Between 1933 and 1945, it was estimated that he received over $5 billion in donations from his supporters. Most of this coming from wealthy businessmen. It's impressive how much personal money Hitler was able to milk out of his position, but his real wealth came from his military might. At its peak in 1942, Nazi Germany controlled nearly all of Europe, stealing hundreds of billions in resources and putting millions of people into forced labor. So through his conquests, Hitler commanded resources worth 3 trillion in today's dollars. But before dictators, there was a man building a very different type of empire. Henry Ford had a revelation. If you pay them more and let them sleep, your slaves won't revolt. In 1914, Henry made the radical decision to double wages from $250 to $5 a day. He then cut the work week from 6 days to 5 days. After seeing the operations of meatacking plants, Ford organized his workers in a line, an assembly line. What resulted was production time for the Ford Model T dropping from 12 hours to 90 minutes. Prices dropped from 850 to 290. And for 50 years, the Model T was the most sold car in history. But Ford's greatest invention wasn't the assembly line or the Model T. See, after Ford made automobiles accessible to the masses, people began moving outside of cities and driving back and forth to work. And after the success of Ford's mass production methods, they were widely copied by companies and countries. The suburbs, commuting, and the modern work schedule can all be traced back to Henry Ford, which is why many credit him as the inventor of the middle class. So despite his measly $200 billion personal net worth, Ford's massive influence might make him the richest person in history. But Henry's success was only possible thanks to the men who came before him. It's the late 1800s. The telephone, telegraph, and light bulb are currently being invented. Pollution is awesome. Child labor is legal. Yes. Regulations don't exist. Long hours and unsafe working equipment give employees a healthy work death balance. The stage is set for maximum capitalism. Three men would define this era. The OG being Cornelius Vanderbilt, who conquered the railroad industry and died with more money than the US Treasury. The next was Andrew Carnegie, who made a fortune with steel, then devoted the rest of his life to philanthropy. And this was during a time before charity tax advantages. He actually meant that But the richest of the three was John D. Rockefeller. In 1870, John founded Standard Oil. He quickly curb stomped his competitors through innovation and screwing them over. And by the 1880s, he controlled 90% of America's oil refining. But his empire fell in 1911 when the US Supreme Court declared Standard Oil an illegal monopoly and ordered it to be broken up into 34 new companies. This judicial punishment destroyed Rockefeller's fortune and he ended up dying in poverty. Just kidding. After the breakup, he had ownership in each of the new companies and their stock values soared, making him richer than ever before. The antitrust breakup resulted in Rockefeller becoming the world's first billionaire. And at his peak in 1913, he was worth 2% of the US GDP. Estimates of his personal worth in today's dollars range from 4 to 600 billion, making him potentially the richest person ever. But before the robber barons, there was a family who bankrolled entire empires. The year is 1744. The United States doesn't exist yet. The life expectancy is 30. Cities are full of There's no electricity. in a small Jewish ghetto. Mayor Amshell Rothschild is born. He starts in business at a young age, working his way up from being a rare coin dealer to a successful banker. Then in the early 1800s, he launches a conquest. He sends his five sons to the five key financial centers of Europe. Every son does their part, and before the invention of the telephone, the Rothschilds have established the first international banking network. They finance wars and peacetime recovery, pay for massive projects like the Suez Canal, and give out loans that save count's economies. But the Rothschilds have one serious problem. For centuries, Jews in Europe had been prohibited from owning land, blocked out of most industries, and at risk of property confiscation or exile. So, in order to ensure their survival, the Rothschilds invested in stocks, bonds, and debts rather than just tangible assets like gold or real estate that could have been taken or destroyed. Another method they used to ensure their wealth stayed within the family, the cousin technique. Through financial tactics and incest, the Rothschilds managed to mostly avoid persecution. But the extent of their wealth today is widely debated. Some estimates have claimed the Rothschilds have a current net worth of $500 trillion. But the only Rothschild you'll find today on the Forbes rich list is Jeff Rothschild. He's worth 3.2 billion. He works at Facebook and he is not related to the Rothschilds. The Rothschilds no longer have much centralized family wealth, but at their peak, their total worth would have been the largest single fortune in history. On an individual level, the richest ever was Nathan Rothschild. According to estimates, his peak net worth today would be around 20 billion, but his power and connections would likely have been worth a lot more. To find our next contender for the richest person in history, let's go back to Europe in the 1500s. Christopher Columbus just got back from America. The church owns everything, and Jacob Fugger is born into a wealthy German family. After inheriting the family business, Jacob starts expanding it from merchant trading to banking. And soon he's handing out massive loans to finance everything from art projects to wars and elections. In 1519, he spent the modern equivalent of hundreds of millions of dollars to get Emperor Charles Veleed. But when Charles was slow to pay back his debts, Jacob sent him an angry letter reminding him of his place. >> It is well known and clear as day that your imperial majesty could not have claimed the Roman crown without my help. History repeats itself. Church officials ended up getting in so much debt to Fugger that they started selling heaven passes called indulgences. This led to a protest which led to a religious revolution. Fugger had more influence than kings. But he was also a nice guy. He made the first ever social housing complex. And to this day, 150 people still live in these apartments at the cost of $1 a year, as well as three required daily prayers for the Fugger family. At his peak, Jacob owned 2% of Europe's GDP, which would be around 400 billion today. But the richest person in history may have been further back in time. In 1324, a man went on a pilgrimage across Africa. His name was Mansa Musa, and he was the king of the Mali Empire. Mali had a lot of salt and a lot of gold. A lot of gold. So much gold that on Musa's pilgrimage, he covered himself, his 60,000 person entourage, and his hundreds of animals with thousands of pounds of gold. And then he handed out so much of that gold that it destabilized local economies. So he borrowed the gold back, which fixed the problem until he paid all the debts back at once and everything crashed again. After Musa's multi-billion dollar road trip, he began showing up on maps decked out in gold, cementing his reputation in history as the original flexer. But estimating his net worth is borderline impossible since all accounts of Musa's trek come from secondhand testimony. It's believed that Musa controlled about half of the world's gold supply, and the most common number I found for his total worth was 400 billion. But many numbers went much higher. So based on the amount of valuable resources under his control, Mansam Musa may be the richest person in history. But go back a 100red years and there was a man with a very different kind of wealth. In the early 1200s, Genghaskhan controlled more land than any man in history. His Mongol Empire covered almost 20% of Earth's land area, making his estimated net worth today 130 trillion. But this is slightly misleading. Genghis never really had much wealth of his own, and this was actually vital to his influence. Rather than taking for himself, warloot was redistributed to soldiers and commanders to promote loyalty. Genghask wore the same clothes and ate the same food as his crew. He slept in tents and asked to be buried with no markings or signs. Genghaskhan didn't really have desire for personal wealth or possessions, but based on his control of land, he may have been the richest guy to ever live. But let's go even further back in time to the year 1 AD. The people alive right now have no idea that they're living through a turning point in history. They actually don't even know what year it is. Romans think that it's year 754. Jews think it's 3761. The Chinese think it's year 9. And for the Greeks, it's 194. Every country is kind of doing their own thing. America is building early cities thanks to the Mayans. India is trading through the ocean and silk road. China just invented paper. And in Rome, Augustus Caesar is balling. A few years prior, he defeated Mark Anthony and Cleopatra in battle and snatched up Egypt as his personal property. He now controls around 20% of Rome's economic output, and that includes the tax flows, the treasury, the gold and silver mines, and revenue from conquered lands. He also has a money method where he kills rich people from his own empire just to take their stuff. After Caesar passes in the year 14, he officially gets declared a god. a god with an estimated modern-day net worth of $5 trillion. But let's go back another 900 years. Civilization is in its early stages. Most people live short, difficult lives. Money in the form of coins doesn't yet exist. King Solomon rules over the kingdom of Israel, collecting gold by the ton. His yearly tax revenue is 666 talons of gold. He basks in his riches with his 700 wives. And in today's money, he's worth over $2 trillion. But this is all according to accounts in the Bible written hundreds of years after he would have lived. When we're this far back in time, details get murky. Written accounts are sparse and incredibly biased. The richest man from ancient times will never really know. So, who is the richest person in history? Looking at this graph, it seems like there's a lot of people who make Elon look broke. But these numbers don't tell the whole story. Hear me out. In 1913, John D. Rockefeller was worth 2% of US GDP. Today, Elon Musk is worth 1.4% of US GDP. So, Rockefeller had a larger share of the economy, making his inflation adjusted net worth higher than Elon's. But here's the catch. The US economy today is 22 times larger than it was in 1913. Rockefeller had a bigger slice of a much smaller pie. Estimated numbers don't tell the story of how the entire world has become more and more prosperous over time. Elon is now the biggest fish in the biggest pond that has ever existed. On top of this, his wealth is a personal fortune. It's well doumented and verifiable. Unlike ancient figures like King Solomon, it wouldn't disappear if he lost his positions of power. Unlike dictators and heads of state, he can access it for whatever he wants. And he harnesses technology that ancient figures would think is witchcraft. Elon is the richest person in history with his 400 billion today. Eventually, someone will get even richer, but based on history, everyone else will get richer, too. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tushig-is-here [1 likes]: Ofc I’m rich
  2. @DarkTubeX: 6:21 for someone who lives near the Carnegie science Center actually got changed to the kamin science center so didn’t actually ment much no more
  3. @blakelong8659: He said that it would take 8 million years and that is equivalent to 30x the amount of time that humans have even existed. His numbers are WAY off. 8 million years is about 1,333x the amount of time that humans have existed. Not 30.
  4. @AddisonD-q4c: Bro said yes to child labor😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @DeniseOrtiz-x9x: Hey I noticed that there's no girls on this list could you do a video on the richest women in history
  6. @Leo_iscool99: 10:15
  7. @jeremyjones2191: I'm pretty sure elon is worth way more than 400 billion
  8. @Meeeeehehehaha: YES!
  9. @RipVanWinkle1915: Me
  10. @savang538: Bro I have 100 trillion
  11. @smcyfs9477: Stalin was spot on, lol😂😂😂
  12. @CashFlowPilot-f8g: Thanks for 2 subscribe
  13. @Optimisticglory27: How could you forgot indian businessman Jagat Seth, He used to be wealthiest person in the biggest pond back then that is bengal sultanate .
  14. @freethinker4991: You left out Putin that war criminal, who has just wasted $2.5 trillion on the war in Ukraine. When rich people become that rich, they loose all humanity and should be locked up.
  15. @Austriapainter12: Bro why no one's commenting that's not agustus is Julius Caesar
  16. @Dr.H1s2ry: I saw something on 14:57 , the person head on monkey body? who is that and what does that mean?
  17. @RanjeetKumar-lr3kx: Why any Indian is not in this list because Britishers looted 45 trillions dollar from India 😢😢
  18. @AigiriSpeaks: He is not
  19. @impossibletofindahandle: WhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaAAaaaaAaaAAAAaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaAaAAaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaasaaaaaassaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAaaaaaAaaaaaaaaAAaaaaaAaaaaAaaA
  20. @demahn4311: If we're counting Hitler collecting taxes.

Joe Biden collected $16 trillion from Americans. Largest wealth transfer from the poor to the rich in our history.

- Inside America’s Richest Black Neighborhoods: Kind: captions Language: en What's the most amount of money that you've made in a year? >> $64 million. >> 64 >> 64 million million. >> This house cost about $3.5 million. >> $3.5 million. These are the richest black neighborhoods in America. Each has more six and seven figure black earners than almost anywhere else in the country. One neighborhood is in the Midwest, another one on the East Coast, and two are on the West Coast. But which ones? And why are these so successful? I'm visiting all four to find out. Let's get started with our first stop. Welcome to Fort Washington, Maryland. Fort Washington is one of the wealthiest majority black areas in America. Here, 75% of households make six figures [music] or more. Many here are business owners like Jerel and Wvitra Jordan. Millionaire real estate investors who own the first blackowned business complex in Prince George's County. I saw that you guys are the first black owners of a business complex in Prince George's County. That's correct. >> So, I had to come here and check it out for myself. >> Right. Right. >> Y'all got to show me around. Come on. >> Let's do it. Let's do it. [music] [music] >> We came down here. I know we had less than 10 agents. I know right now we have to be close to 70 agents. So, things are growing tremendously. >> Okay. >> Yes. Yes. Can you guys do me a favor and introduce yourselves for my viewers? >> Yes. So, I'm Wvitra Jordan. I'm the broker owner of the Home Team Realy Group and co-owner of the Fort Washington Business Complex. >> Gerald Jordan, executive director for Jacob's Ladder Youth Foundation and also just everything else down here at the Home Team Realy [music] Group. >> Let me ask you guys this like what's the most amount of money that you need in a year in business? >> Yeah. So from a real estate perspective, our um annual [music] gross income was like $64 million. >> 64 million >> million. Yep. 64 million in gross sales. Yep. >> Yep. >> Yeah. And with the nonprofit with Jacob's Ladder last year was was our highest grossing revenue [music] was about 2.7 million. >> And that came with a lot of food distributions that we did [music] here in Prince George's County. And that included getting out over 380,000 meals, okay, to over 43,000 [music] households. >> Wow. >> Here in Prince George's County to the folks that needed it the most. >> Wow. Wow. That's that's a it's a lot of blessings. Given a lot of blessings, lot profit money, nonprofit money. Wow. >> That's amazing. Let me ask y'all this, right? For my viewers out there, let's just say someone wants to become a millionaire or create more success wherever they are in the world. [snorts] Like what advice can you give to that person? >> Right? I would say definitely [music] take risk. >> Okay? You're going to have to take a risk and bet on yourself. Invest in yourself. Okay? >> Business ownership isn't limited to real estate. Shod has built his wealth on the water. Literally, he runs one of the most popular boat and water sport businesses in Washington DC. >> Yo, what it do, bro? Sean, what's up my brother? >> I'm blessed, bro. Yeah. >> Listen, man. I've been seeing you making your money with all the boats out here in the Fort Washington area. >> So, I came here to see what's up. >> Let's do it. >> Let's get it, man. Come on. Take take me there. >> All right, brother. If you could let the viewers know who you are and what you do. >> Hey, what's going on, good people? My name is Shod. I'm known around the world as Zar Goat, the boat goat. [laughter] So Shad, you're the only black person that I know personally that's in the boat industry. What made you get into this business? >> I went from the military to coming back here to DC selling drugs. I started my trucking company. I was working crazy hours that I was missing so much time from the kids. So I ended up going out and buying a pontoon. One day the kids and I, we're out playing around on the um on the tubes and [music] we pulled up to Georgetown to get lunch and it was a guy. He walked up and he was like, "Yo, do you rent a boat?" And I'm like, "No, I'm shooting him away cuz, you know, I'm just getting out of the military. My drug mentality, I'm just heavy-handed, you know." So, I shoot him off and then I'm like, "Wait a minute. I'm trying to get out of these damn streets." >> Yeah. >> He just put me on. So, I jumped off, ran over to him. Listen, man. I'm sorry you startled me. What you trying to do? He was like, "I just want to take my family out. We're here from Russia for the weekend." And from there, it's been up, man. >> So, what's the type of money someone could make with like a boat like this? >> I mean, here we doing minimum 2,200. You know, we got multiple boats within the fleet. something like this is a cuddy cabin. You're looking at 1,100 for 3 hours where here we're making it per hour. >> So for my viewers, I got people out here that want to learn how to build a six-figure business, seven figure business. They want to learn how to create more success in their life. What's some advice that you can share with them? >> First and foremost, I would say find yourself a mentor. Find someone that is doing what it is that you want to do. Pay them people. Execute on the information. And just make sure you're you're not taking shortcuts. That was one of the things that that I I did when I first started, you know, business. [music] I just wanted the money. I wasn't I didn't care about the proper insurance. I didn't care about policies and procedures, [music] SOPs, attorneys, any of that such. So, if you're getting into business, make sure that you're [music] covering yourself and your business. Not by just getting an LLC, but like I said, have an attorney to read over documents, especially if you're doing any contract work. And last, but not least, I I would say make sure that you're reinvesting into the business. That's something I didn't do as well. I take that damn chicken. [music] I go buy the the flyest clothes, the newest shoes, the newest outfits. Uh so now I've learned once to come in, pay yourself as the CEO, pay your staff, and then invest back into the business. >> Yes. Yes. >> To understand Fort Washington's wealth, you have to see the homes and understand the type of people that are buying them. That's why I met with Rayisha, a local realtor who knows this neighborhood inside and out. Ray. [laughter] >> Hey, >> what's going on? >> How are you? >> I'm amazing. Listen, I heard when someone's coming to Fort Washington to buy a home, you're the go-to person. >> Absolutely. >> Fort Washington is one of the richest black neighborhoods in America. >> Right. >> Right. So, when someone is black wanting to buy a house in Fort Washington, you meet people like that. So, like, why do you feel like there's so many like rich and successful black people here [music] in Fort Washington? There's a lot of factors. I think that it's the proximity to Washington DC. >> The proximity to so many different air force bases, military bases. >> So, a [music] lot of people in this area have a lot of options for jobs and higher up jobs in the military with the Pentagon being so close to DC as well. >> Okay. So, a lot [music] of people here, they tend to have government jobs. >> Uh military jobs. >> Yes. >> Okay. Okay. And it's because it's being close [music] to Washington DC and all the government buildings. >> Absolutely. I think so. >> How much would you say is [music] a type of income that people are making? Like what's like the average seller like [music] the average income that a seller is like earning >> in a neighborhood like this? People are making upwards of $200,000 a year and they are working either in the government or higher up in the military or in the medical field. So, as a realtor here in Fort Washington, do you feel like someone that wants to live in a better place, maybe have more opportunity, would you suggest that they move to Fort Washington? >> Absolutely. You get the suburban life. You get the opportunities for making money with DC so close by. Yeah. >> The options are endless here. >> Okay. Okay. So, how much does a house like this cost? >> This house cost about $3.5 million. $3.5 million. >> Wow. Is it Is it worth it? >> In Fort Washington, success isn't rare. It's expected. Generational wealth and community pride define this area. Next up, >> welcome to Olympia Fields, Illinois. >> Just 45 minutes from Chicago, Olympia Fields is one of the wealthiest black suburbs in the Midwest. About 50% of black households earn six figures or more. In Olympia fields, entrepreneurship is alive and well. Rick and Karen run Illinois's first blackowned winery called Ventrene, producing their own wines and hosting events that bring the community together. >> Hey Rick, what's going on man? >> How are you, sir? >> I'm incredible. Listen, I heard this is the first and only blackowned winery in Illinois. >> Is that's correct. First blackowned winery where we produce the wine here on premises. >> Wow. I gotta check it out, man. Come on. >> Come check us out. >> So, uh, this is our tasting room. Uh, we're known as a micro winery. We produce the wines here on site, but we don't grow any fruit here. So, when customers come in, they can always sample wine here at the counter, or you can come back to our lounge area and be seated for an actual wine flight. >> It feels homely here. >> Yeah. Yeah. And you know, it's a familyowned business and family, so that might have something to do with it. My wife, two sons work here, sometimes our daughter when she's not in school. So, yeah, it's entirely familyun. We hire neighborhood people to work here with us. And it's like a family. >> Yeah. And that's that's the vibe that people said they get. >> That's beautiful. >> So, these are our fermentation and our fermentation tanks. The smaller ones are blending tanks for smaller lots. [music] All right. So, Rick, how did you become Illinois? How'd that happen? >> Well, you know, my background is in wine and spirits distribution. Okay. >> And for years, I work with uh suppliers on works, going out into the market, selling wine and liquor to different retail establishments, bars, and restaurants. And visiting so many supplier production facilities, I said, you know what? It's time to uh start learning to do this on my own. >> And uh cut out my boss and uh go for uh what I knew that at that point. >> Of course, to understand the wealth here in this neighborhood, you need a local perspective. Kesha Weaten has helped families buy homes in Olympia Fields for years. >> Kesha, >> hi. How are you? Welcome. How are you? >> Good. Good. Welcome to Olympia Fields. >> I heard you're one of the best realtors out here. >> Well, you know, I would have to agree. [laughter] >> Okay. Okay. say, "Here, I want to check out this [music] house and a bunch of other houses out here. I got some questions for you." >> Okay, perfect. Well, let's get started. >> Let's do it. [music] >> All right. >> So, who am I here with? >> You are here with Kesha Weaten, managing broker of Golden Key Realy Group. Um, I've been in real estate for 12 years, so I am everything real estate. You name it, I've done it. So why do you feel like there are so many rich and successful black people like moving here or that's just already here? >> Sure. So the south suburbs is like the staple for that country more so comfortable living, right? So you got the city where the hustle and bustle and you come to the [music] south suburbs to settle. So Olympia Fields is one of the south suburbs that we as entrepreneurs love to kind of put our staple [music] in. Right. So there's tons of black businesses around here. um tons of African-Americans that own home here. A lot of entrepreneurs came here to settle and you know make their name here in Olympia field. So of course that just went on for generation to generation [music] and now we are here continuing that generation on where a lot of younger people who are also now ready to start [music] their families are here making fields also their staple. >> Do you notice like like a pattern or a common career path of like the individuals that live out here? >> Sure. So you have tons of nurses, people in the medical field, again, tons of entrepreneurs. So people who own restaurants, um, as you can see, a winery, people who are here who have started something, who have built something, and now they're here again. Just make Olympia feels their staple, their place of comfort where they are comfortable here. They can come in. There's people that here that wants to engage in with them, engage with their business, and also continue to grow with them. So that's why Olympia Fields is one of the best places for [music] young African-American entrepreneurs to lay their grounds. >> I love it. Let me ask you this, right? Based on the type of clientele that you work with, right? >> What would you say is the average income that they're earning? >> I would say in this market today, you're looking at at least about 100K. Um, two people income. If you can bring in about 100K, I think you're pretty decent here. You're able to get here and get comfortable. But of course, you know, as things change, things will have to grow. But I would say at the average low 100K. >> Okay. Okay. >> Okay. So, pretty much a lot of the black people that are moving here, they're pretty much six figure earners. >> They're they're that or very close. I would say at at bare minimum, you're probably looking at about 91. Uh but more likely to get something of this magnitude about six figures. Yes. >> Okay. With nearly 50% of black households earning six figures, Olympia Fields proves success and family can thrive together. Now on to stop number three. Welcome to View Park, California. View Park has one of the highest numbers of upper income black households [music] in the country. 45% of households earn over $100,000 and 23% earn over $200,000. A major part of that is because of the business ownership here. Like Greg Doulan, owner of Duelans on Crenshaw. It's one of the best soulfu spots in all of LA. Hey, what's going on, Greg? >> What's up? >> Listen, I hear that Duelans [music] is the best soul food restaurant in all of LA. >> Well, okay. I have to agree with you. >> Yeah, >> we've been doing it for a long time. Okay. >> We started in 1975, so this is our 50th year in business, if you can believe that. My parents started the business in 1975 with a hamburger stand called Hamburger City and that's how we went had very humble beginnings. It was started in 1975. So this is our 50th year in business this year. >> Congrats. >> So I came to to View Park, right? I hear this is one of the richest black neighborhoods >> in America, >> right? >> Why do you think that is? Like what's special here in comparison to other neighborhoods in LA or even just other places around the world? Well, I grew up in View Park. I went to [music] elementary school in Viewart from the third grade. And you know, just as a kid growing up here, it was always it is a neighborhood where you have families that raise their kids, take an interest in their kids' lives. >> And emphasis on education is consistent throughout the households. >> And a lot of the families, the parents are professional. either they're professional in terms of medical or education or just a variety of different areas of of endeavor. And then you have a lot of entrepreneurs. >> Of course, real estate tells the full story. And Obie is one of the most well-known realtors in this area. She helped me tour View Park Homes, showing how wealth and home ownership intersect. Hey, Obie. >> Hello. >> Listen, it's amazing to meet you. >> Oh my god. So nice to finally meet you. First of all, you know I'm a fan, right? >> Really? >> Yes. I watch all your blogs and I follow you. You always want to make me travel and eat. >> I appreciate that. I hear one you're one of the best realtors out here in View Park. >> Thank you. >> So, I want to see how these houses look and also I want to figure out why there's so many rich black people in this neighborhood. [music] >> [music] >> Listen, I can't wait to tell you about View Park because we do have one of the highest concentration of wellto-d do black people in this area. They've been owning most of them for generations. >> Yeah. So, this one of the richest black neighborhoods in America. Like, why do you think that is? >> Listen, a lot of people that actually own here have been here for multi-generation >> now. You know, there was a covenant with prevented black people from purchasing houses. Well, when they lifted it up, yes, when they lifted that, this became one of those neighborhoods that a lot of black people that are higher income earners actually purchased it. >> So, what what type of jobs do people have to live in a place like this? >> Listen, so we have white collar jobs. We have people there are attorneys. We've got producers. We've got actors. And in fact, there have been a lot of famous people that are actually owned in this neighborhood. Are you familiar with Tina Turner? >> Well, she actually owned an Olympiad. >> What? >> And you know Ra House? >> On South Bridge. >> So, let me ask you this. Like, what salary range are people like earning in in this type of neighborhood? >> We're talking about 120,000 and up, you know, which is higher than the national average. Now, there are some people that are actually making way more than that, but that's the average. Yes. >> Mhm. So, like this beautiful house that we're in, like how much is this? >> This is 2.438 million. Yes. And I'll tell you with this house, you're getting a 4bedroom, 4 bath main house, which is almost 2300. It's about 2381T actually to be exact. And then you also have a detached pool house. And that pool house is 343 ft. Now it's time for the final stop. Welcome to Bowwin Hills, California. Back in the 1950s and60s when racial barriers began to lift, Bowwin Hills became one of the few LA neighborhoods where black professionals can actually buy property. Laying the foundation for generational wealth today. Back with Obie, I learned how Bowwin Hills became one of the first LA neighborhoods where black professionals could buy property, building generational wealth. Hey Obie, what's up again? >> I see you again two times in a row. >> Hey, listen. Not only is Obie a real estate specialist in View Park, she's also a specialist in Bowen Hills and just all over the LA area. So, we're about to check out a house here in Bowen Hills, Black Hollywood. And what better person to show us than the Great Obi This one has been tastefully remodeled. And this is a three-bedroom, three bath home priced at just under 1.6 million. >> Let me ask you this because just like you know, View Park, I came here because I heard Bowen Hills is one of the richest black neighborhoods in America. >> You heard right. >> Right. like why why is it so rich? Like what's going on here? What's special about it? >> Listen, first of all, we are close to everywhere in the city, right? And it's a closed community and it's really not a community that you just drive through >> in Bowwin Hills. You're going to notice something. As you were driving, did you notice the street names? They all start with the dong. >> Yes. So, Bowwin Hills is known for that. This whole land was part of the Mexican land that was kind of like, you know, back in the 50s and they traded [music] it off and people started building here. So, most of these homes were built in the '50s. >> So, tell me, so these houses are really nice. >> They're not cheap. >> Not at all. >> What type of [music] jobs do people have living out here in Bowwin Hills? >> So, you've got attorneys, you've got tech industry, architects, judges, doctors, producers, name it. And in fact, let me tell you, John Singleton actually lived in this neighborhood. Okay? And we also had DL Hugley live in this neighborhood, Ice Cube. So, it's been quite some notable people. Yes. It's been quite some notable people that lived in this neighborhood. Yes. So, you get to see them. And in fact, one of my clients is a a big movie uh producer >> and he lives right around the corner. >> But while I'm in the area, I want to see if I can find some locals to actually see what they do for a living. This looks like a nice car. Oh, hey. >> Hey. How you doing? >> Amazing. This is a nice automobile here. >> Question. Do you live here in Bowen Hills? >> I do. >> Wait, you live here in Bowwin Hills? I live here in Bowen Hills. I lived here for over 20 years. >> 20 years. Yes. So, let me let me ask you this, right? What does someone have to do to live out here? Like, like, you know, like what what do you do for a living? >> I'm a I'm an accountant. I have an a CPA firm. >> Okay. Yes. Okay. How long have you been an accountant? >> Uh, for almost 30 years, actually. >> Would you say there's a lot of money being made out here >> in my profession or for the people who live in? Yes, it would. It's it's Hollywood. It's California. Most of the people to be able to afford to live up here have to either be really old neighbors or somebody who's come into a really good job. >> Yes. Yes. So it's clearly you have a >> I I like to think so. >> Yeah. I won't be too much in your business, right? But like what ballpark do you make like you know like on an annual basis? >> Uh let's just say somewhere between $300 to $500,000 a year. >> Okay. For my viewers, okay? because I got a channel and people from all around the world, they watch it, right? And they want to make more [music] money, they want to create more success, right? Like what's one single piece of advice that you could share with them? >> Let me think about that. Obviously, with my accounting background, I would just say, you know, I tell people to always look at their finances if there's a way for you to invest. And that doesn't have to be big. You could start small. It could just be, you know, thinking about putting some money aside and doing that continually and take it off the top. Sort of pay yourself first. So that's how I would think if you can start that early enough, hopefully you'll kind of keep that going and you'll get to a point where you can live here. >> Yes. And what's your name? >> Tanetta. >> And how could people find you? Maybe they want, you know, your services or anything of, you know, value that you offer cuz clearly you're a person of value. [music] How can people find you? >> Sure. They can find me on uh Instagram, on Facebook. Um I work for Harrington Group. That's the name of our firm. We work exclusively with not forprofits. So, you have to be in a certain niche, but it's NPO, which stands for nonprofit orc CPAs, npoccas.com. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, I appreciate your time. Thank you for [music] stopping for a random stranger, you [laughter] know, like me, but I seen the nice card and you popped [music] out. You looking well put together. I need to understand what people are doing out here cuz it's there's a lot of things happening out here. >> Well, I appreciate you like highlighting our neighborhood. >> Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> Nice to meet you. >> Take care. [music] >> Thank you, too, >> man. The people out here are so friendly. So, what do these neighborhoods have in common? They broke housing barriers after segregation, proximity to major job centers, strong community networks, generational wealth built over time. These neighborhoods prove what's possible when opportunity meets determination. Success and generational wealth isn't just available for these neighborhoods. It can happen anywhere, and it can happen with you. And if you enjoy this video, you'll love my next one about the city with the most black millionaires in America.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kemoy_martin [2 likes]: If you liked this video!
 Let's deep dive into Atlanta's wealth, you need to see how these women made millions here: https://youtu.be/MRWDR79PetA
  2. @TheeAmiaKelis [1 likes]: Love this video 🔥
  3. @tabeersiddiqui5985 [1 likes]: Fort washington is so affluent but Friendly high is so shit i would hate to buy a house over a million and send my kids to a 2/10 school
  4. @sunni_side_up [1 likes]: I live in Fort Washington and it SUX!!! People are mean, there's nothing to do, traffic is TERRIBLE....I can't wait to get outta here
  5. @Nana-p6w6k: I stated before I watched it that we were on here! 😂 Didn’t think we’d be the first on the list. 🙏🏽💕
  6. @Halifax839: Fort Washington is not it are you serious!? There are nice areas but nothing to do. Now VA over the bridge then we talking
  7. @taylorspencer6120: Yessssss
  8. @leilam277: The accountant with the cpa firm had such a wealthy laugh 😂
  9. @nonnegotiable2777: The mother of the current Duchess of Sussex lives in View Park−Windsor Hills!
  10. @rickymcgruder4868: white and consertive america worst nightmare
  11. @Heavennlworld: Omg I watch you too and we in atl yessss but as a 24 year old this is very intriguing! I not definitely need to get on my row boat more
  12. @isaiahhoover3996: Thank you for making this video
  13. @nasirmcclain7336: Nice video! Just thought I'd mention that when "Fort Washington, Maryland" was talked about the animation highlighted Washington State as well as the states land shape being incorrect also with the popups.  @kemoy_martin
  14. @davidollison8213: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  15. @blackhistoryonsteroids8196: Why you keep showing Washington state?
  16. @HaadiCvTv: Im definitely moving to one of these places god willing.
  17. @WraithBaiter: Love to see this🏅
  18. @MImperial-n1v: Well done 👍 we want see like this..African American successful and wealth people not like drugs and gang and killing each other this was nice to see!
  19. @onrehcwollaj8052: Dollar-black millionaires💵 but still, black children crying for simple bowl of rice 🍚 or no proper clothing in black-land "A not really free ca"..

Support your next black generation to come, don't enjoy or keep everything because all will go finish, rotten one day...

Let's make our next generation, a happy independent generation of black people and not a wanting a or struggling for a "better life" in the West/babylon, like how their past did (Us now)...

Buy big lands and agricultural farm machines for potatoes, yam, cassava 🍠🥯🥕🥜🍞🥖🍟🚛🚚 🚜...

Buy big lands for livestock/animal farming or poultry, camels etc'etc 🐫 🍔🐓🐓🌮🐐🐏🦃...

Buy big lands and create factories🏭 of fruit juices, milk powers, healthy porridges 🍨🍦🍚🍯...

God help Africa 🌍...

Peace and salaam...
  20. @davidkeke-c7t: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- The RICHEST Black Communities in the United States: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered where the most affluent African-American communities Thrive from the sun-kissed shores of lost Angeles to the historic streets of New York City these neighborhoods stand as beacons of achievement where opportunities abound and dreams take flight join us today as we explore the most prosperous and vibrant black neighborhoods across the United States if you're interested in knowing some of the richest black communities stay tuned but first welcome back to official Black Wall Street the largest app and digital platform connecting you to the best and blackowned products and services head to obw us.com to download our app today and begin discovering blackowned businesses you can shop don't forget to hit that like button and subscribe to never miss out on any of our videos first We're Going Back to Cali Baldwin Hills California if you were watching BET between 2007 and 2009 then you've probably heard about Baldwin Hills the BET series premiered in 2007 to demonstrate the lives of young black teenagers and adults living in the quot black Beverly Hills located in Los Angeles County Balwin Hills has a population of around 30,000 people listed as the second richest black community in the United States the neighborhood has an average family income of $157,000 according to realtor the median listing price for homes in Baldwin Hills are around $1.1 million now this makes sense especially when considering who lives or has lived there Baldwin Hills has been the home to Ray Charles Allison Felix John Singleton Tina Turner and even ice Q Madera Heights California with Baldwin Hills as its northern neighbor Lera Heights is another affluent black community in Los Angeles County listed as the third richest black community in the United States it makes sense after you look at the stats the homes in Lera Heights are valued at around $958,000 the median household income is just over six figures at $118,000 over half of the community's residents are educated with approximately 59% of them having bachelor's degrees or higher another popular location for notable people you'll find that Vanessa Williams and Lisa lesie once called Lera Heights Home Windsor Hills California formerly referred to as View Park Windsor Hills the city is considered an unincorporated Community this means that it's not governed by its own local Municipal Corporation and rather it is part of a larger division or Township with just under 11,000 people living in the community you Park Windsor Hills is considered one of the largest wealthiest and best educated black communities in the western region of the country the demographics of the community are predominantly black with around 85% of residents being African-American with white and Asian professionals making recent moves into area diving deeper into the community and their population the median home value of this area is approximately $812,000 the median household income is around $97,000 as well over half of the population has a bachelor's degree or higher and a deeper dive into their living situation will show that 70% of the homes in this area are owned and in case you are wondering who has lived in View Park Windor Hills you can put Ray Charles Loretta Divine and Regina King on that list next we're off to Georgia Stone Mountain Village Georgia Stone Mountain Village situated in decal County Georgia is a historic Community with a significant African-American population shaping is cultural identity and Community Dynamics located approximately 20 miles east of downtown Atlanta Stone Mountain Village embodies the rich Heritage and diversity of that region 62% of their population is black and the average household income is $17,000 a whopping 76% of the homes in ston Mountain Village are owned the African-American population in this area has played a vital role in shaping its character and contributing to its Vibrant Community Life additionally The Village's commitment to education ensures that African-American youth have access to Quality schools and and resources laying the foundation for success and prosperity within the community for generations to come now let's travel on over to the DMV Randle toown Maryland Randle toown an unincorporated Community nestled in Baltimore County Maryland Bast of a vibrant africanamerican population situated about 13 Mi Northwest of downtown Baltimore randle's toown serves as a Suburban Enclave within the Baltimore metropolitan area 89% of the population is black and the average household income is $100,000 with a mix of housing options ranging from single family homes to town houses and apartment comp lexes Randle toown offers a welcoming environment for families of diverse backgrounds and 60% of the population are homeowners randle's town has also been home to R&B singers Cisco and Mario Fort Washington Maryland Fort Washington is one of Maryland's and the country's richest black communities named after the original defense boort that protected Washington DC during the Civil War the city now has a majority black population of 70% the median home value in Fort Washington is approximately $343,000 while the average household income is $115,000 livability lists Fort Washington's Workforce percentage at 65% while over 40% of their population has earned a bachelor's degree or higher 87.5% of the homes in Fort Washington are owned now similarly to Baldwin Hills and Windsor Hills you'll find that many notable people have lived in or around the Fort Washington area while Martin Lawrence attended High School in Fort Washington athlete siblings Brian and Byron Westbrook also lived in the community Lake Arbor Maryland we're back to PG County in Lake Arbor Maryland with just under 10,000 people living in the community Lake Arbor's demographics are approximately 89% black when analyzing their median home value you'll find that their average is 311 ,000 they also have an average household $997,000 how differing from some of the other communities on this list Lake Arbor has more Community opportunities and career opportunities for their residents than most they have over 800 businesses housed within their community and almost 75% of their population are actively working Mitchellville Maryland if you are wondering about Prince George's County in Maryland it's clearly the place to be for wealthy black professionals and families the next community on this list is Mitchellville Marland which you can also find in the county with a population of almost 11,000 people the town's population is 78% black when it comes to the res of the community their age demographics are generally well spread out the median home value is just over $350,000 with the average household income being 122,000 almost half of their population has a bachelor's degree or higher and 77% of their population is in the workforce Mitchellville is another affluent black community where most of their residents own their home with 91% of the homes being owned and around 8 to 9% being rented Woodmore Maryland now when it comes to affluence Woodmore is probably one of the most affluent on the list located in Prince George's County Woodmore is a Washington DC suburb when compared to the rest of the communities on this list this Maryland town has one of the smallest populations with under 4,000 residents the suburb also features the country club at Woodmore a private gated community that houses hundreds of the town's residents the black community of Woodmore sits at about 65% and the median home value of Woodmore is $444,000 while the household income sits at an average $182,000 the unemployment rate in the community is low at under 5% and lastly most of the residents in Woodmore own their homes with only about 6% of the population renting if you're ever in the area be sure to visit Flags America which seemingly adds to the wealth and growth of that Community Buoy Maryland Buoy Maryland is a thriving suburb located in Prince George's County just east of Washington DC with the significant African-American population Buie has emerged as a prominent Community known for its diversity prosperity and strong sense of community African-Americans have been an integral part of Buy's history contributing to its growth and development over the years 88% of the population is black and 85% are homeowners the average household income in Buie Maryland sits at 174,000 Washington DC Washington DC the capital of the United States also affectionately known as chocolate city is a diverse and vibrant city with a significant African-American population that has played a crucial role in shaping its cultural political and social landscape African-Americans have been an integral part of the city's history from historic areas like Shaw LA and US Street to prominent institutions such as Howard University africanamerican culture and influence are deeply woven into the fabric of the nation's capital 68% of the population in Washington DC is black and the average household income is $158,000 I hope you're still with us because now we're heading on over to the the concrete jungle of New York City Hill crust New York located in Rocklin County the first New York Community we have is Hillcrest considered a quote bedroom suburb of New York City Hillcrest is a town where you'll find that many of their residents commute to work into the city with a population of just under 8,000 their back population is still prominent with over half of their residents being black the median home value in Hillcrest is $370,000 and the community has a larger than most median household income of $113,000 in this bedroom suburb you'll find that over 75% of the homes are owned and they also have a wonderfully low unemploy employment rate at 3.4% which can be accredited to the fact that the community offers a great amount of career opportunities for their residents with close to 150 local businesses Cambria Heights New York Cambria Heights located in the Southeastern part of Queen New York is a neighborhood known for its strong africanamerican community and cultural heritage with 93% of the population being black situated near Nassau County border Cambria Heights offers residents a Suburban feel within the bustling New York City metropolitan area the neighborhood has historically been home to a significant African-American population contributing to its Rich diversity and Vibrant Community atmosphere here the average household income is $120,000 and 79% of the population are homeowners unale New York we're now headed to New York's Long Island to unale now when compared to the other communities on this list unale is not as affluent however it's still one of the richest communities in the country with a majority black population a suburb of Nassau County unale has a pretty big population with close to 25,000 residents while the black population isn't as large as it is in other cities Union Dale is still predominantly black with over 55% of its population being African-American the residents of Union Dale have a median household income with $84,000 and a median home value of [Music] $350,000 last but definitely not least we're heading to Illinois Olympia Fields Illinois Olympia Fields situated in Cook County Illinois is an affluent suburb south of Chicago known for its notable africanamerican community and up scale residential character located approximately 25 miles south of downtown Chicago Olympia Fields offers residents a Serene Suburban lifestyle while still being within commuting distance of the city this famous black neighborhood ranks top 5% in the United States from median household income the average income in Olympia field is 133 $3,000 with its Rich history and diverse population Olympia field has become a hub for successful African-American professionals and families seeking an upscale living environment let us know if you're familiar with any of these neighborhoods on this list and if there are any others we should add while pop culture may have you thinking differently rest assured that there are many black communities where the population is successful and thriving if you've enjoyed this video please like share and subscribe for more content that celebrates black entrepreneurship and black excellence and don't forget to download our official Black Wall Street app to discover thousands of blackowned businesses you can shop today thanks for watching we'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @401Northwestern [1 likes]: Randallstown makes the list??? Oh no! I've lived here and it is NOT desirable.
  2. @FatimaGray-h8k [1 likes]: You and your children are not safe in the United States.
Child exploitation 
This black man Lloyd Austin was the secretary of defense not any longer,  it was reported by the proper authorities that he was responsible for interstate and international underage boys with special mental needs pornography and exploitation organizations in the United States and he is still not incarcerated. 
Do not allow your children to visit the United States capitol Washington DC Virginia and the surrounding areas you and your children will be at risk of this black Yoruba high priest Lloyd Austin and his supporters the Washington DC police department.

I support our United States President Donald Trump for risking his life to dismember this organization of the black Yoruba military outfit that is led by the ex security of the United States defense Lloyd Austin
  3. @gh5ctca: How much are you paying for lawn care in these Richest Black Communities?
  4. @Ericbig-s9x: What we need is a black nation that is constantly doing great things. A black sportsman,  ablack singer ablack inventer these things are not enough a black neighborhood nobody knows not even the people in the country knows it excist is not enought . What we need is a country a nation of 100 million of us doing great everyday then we will have done excellent things.
  5. @texasbutterflykiss8887: It tickled me that every time they showed Ray Charles they actually showed Jamie Foxx as if he was really him 😂
  6. @anitamctyre9902: Baldwin Hills, Ladera Heights and Windsor Hills were not shown.  I don't know where they got some of those pics.  They look a lot better than that.
  7. @antwanettebradley6723: Thank you for sharing the app!!!
  8. @AlexGroverUnfiltered: Quit calling them African Americans. They are just Americans. The Africans live in Africa and include whites, arabs and blacks. Elon Musk is technically an African American and he is the most affluent African of all. Talk about LIberia too btw.
  9. @sell_outs: Honestly I didn't know their were nice black neighborhoods.
  10. @victorlofton4381: I love the fact that out of all the neighborhoods that were named, I’m still seeing people in the comments mention even MORE neighborhoods that I didn’t know had such an affluent Black population. It’s really inspiring. I want to live in one of these communities. My neighborhood is nice, clean and safe. And diverse. But I’ve always aspired to live in a majority affluent Black neighborhood.
  11. @NoOneIsLikeWinona: Why does the richest black neighborhood look like the white neighborhood? I don't see any trash, no bottles around, no pee on the pavement, nobody is rapping... Where is all black culture?
  12. @UrijahBen74: Polo I live in Las Vegas in the community that’s 90% black about 3% white and 7% Hispanic distant. The average home is $500,000 in the average household salary in this community is 270,000 a year. I moved in about 15 years ago when I closed the doors on my trucking company and sold my semi trucks and trailers. Black then this community was  about 45% black.
  13. @Matthew-v9n: 👍🏾💯
  14. @nataliewalters2759: Also in Bowie it’s 57% black and 28% white.
  15. @QuatMan: I see a lot of salty tears in the comments 😂
  16. @susieblanco2722: 😍
  17. @slowasturtle5704: Money make you Rich? I am rich with LIFE!! Bob Marley
  18. @jaiyabyrd4177: This is a true and uplifting video 🖤🖤🖤
  19. @loganperkins7353: An even bigger target for getting robbed
  20. @SpaRadiant101: There's Nothing Like Home The DMV ❤

- 500 Richest People in the United States | Richest People In America 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Discover the top 500 richest people in&nbsp; the USA—from legendary billionaires to&nbsp;&nbsp; rising entrepreneurs shaping&nbsp; the future of the economy!&nbsp; Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul, philanthropist,&nbsp; and one of the most influential figures in&nbsp;&nbsp; entertainment and business worldwide. Rising from&nbsp; a challenging childhood in rural Mississippi,&nbsp;&nbsp; she became a pioneering talk show host with "The&nbsp; Oprah Winfrey Show," which ran for 25 years and&nbsp;&nbsp; transformed daytime television. Beyond TV, Oprah&nbsp; expanded her empire into acting, producing,&nbsp;&nbsp; a magazine publisher, and a streaming platform&nbsp; partner with Apple TV+. Her entrepreneurial spirit&nbsp;&nbsp; and media savvy have earned her numerous accolades&nbsp; and a dedicated global following. Oprah’s success&nbsp;&nbsp; translated into a significant fortune, with her&nbsp; net worth estimated at around $3.2 billion, making&nbsp;&nbsp; her one of the wealthiest self-made women in the&nbsp; world and an icon of empowerment and generosity.&nbsp; Jack Dorsey is an influential American&nbsp; entrepreneur best known for co-founding&nbsp;&nbsp; Twitter, the global social media platform&nbsp; that revolutionized online communication.&nbsp;&nbsp; Serving as Twitter’s CEO twice, Dorsey played&nbsp; a pivotal role in shaping the way people share&nbsp;&nbsp; news and ideas worldwide. He also founded&nbsp; Square, a financial services company that&nbsp;&nbsp; transformed small business payments through&nbsp; innovative mobile technology. Beyond tech,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dorsey is regarded for his visionary leadership&nbsp; and minimalist lifestyle. Jack Dorsey’s net&nbsp;&nbsp; worth is estimated to be around $5.4 billion,&nbsp; reflecting his success in both social media&nbsp;&nbsp; and fintech industries. His ventures continue to&nbsp; impact global digital communication and commerce.&nbsp; Gabe Newell, born November 3, 1962, is an American&nbsp; computer programmer and businessman best known as&nbsp;&nbsp; the co-founder and president of Valve Corporation,&nbsp; a leading video game development and digital&nbsp;&nbsp; distribution company. After attending Harvard&nbsp; University and dropping out, he spent over a&nbsp;&nbsp; decade at Microsoft where he contributed to&nbsp; early Windows operating systems. In 1996,&nbsp;&nbsp; Newell left Microsoft to start Valve, which&nbsp; gained fame for titles like Half-Life and the&nbsp;&nbsp; digital platform Steam. His net worth is estimated&nbsp; at around $11 billion, mainly from his substantial&nbsp;&nbsp; ownership in Valve and its ongoing success in&nbsp; gaming and digital sales. This wealth positions&nbsp;&nbsp; him as the richest person in the gaming industry&nbsp; and among the top tech billionaires globally.&nbsp; Peter Thiel is a renowned American entrepreneur,&nbsp; venture capitalist, and political activist&nbsp;&nbsp; born in 1967 in Germany and raised in the U.S.&nbsp; He co-founded PayPal, Palantir Technologies, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the venture capital firm Founders Fund. Thiel was&nbsp; the first outside investor in Facebook, acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant stake that helped launch the social&nbsp; media giant's growth. His business ventures have&nbsp;&nbsp; positioned him as a key figure in Silicon Valley’s&nbsp; modern tech landscape. Peter Thiel's net worth is&nbsp;&nbsp; estimated at $24.6 billion, placing him among&nbsp; the world's wealthiest individuals. His wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; stems from a mix of startup co-founding,&nbsp; early-stage investments, hedge funds, and&nbsp;&nbsp; venture capital activities, making him a leading&nbsp; figure in the technology and finance sectors.&nbsp; Jensen Huang is a Taiwanese-American entrepreneur&nbsp; and the co-founder, president, and CEO of NVIDIA,&nbsp;&nbsp; a global leader in graphics processing&nbsp; technology. Born in 1963 in Taiwan,&nbsp;&nbsp; Huang moved to the United States to pursue&nbsp; his education and later revolutionized&nbsp;&nbsp; the tech industry with innovations in GPU&nbsp; computing, shaping fields like gaming, AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; and autonomous vehicles. Under his leadership,&nbsp; NVIDIA has evolved from a niche graphics card&nbsp;&nbsp; company into a powerhouse driving the&nbsp; future of artificial intelligence and&nbsp;&nbsp; data center technologies. Huang's visionary&nbsp; approach has earned him widespread respect&nbsp;&nbsp; and numerous accolades. Jensen Huang's net&nbsp; worth is estimated to be around $148 billion,&nbsp;&nbsp; reflecting his substantial shareholding&nbsp; in NVIDIA and the company's soaring market&nbsp;&nbsp; value. His wealth underscores not only his&nbsp; success as a business leader but also the&nbsp;&nbsp; tremendous impact of his contributions&nbsp; to technology and innovation worldwide.&nbsp; Thanks for watching! If you enjoyed this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to subscribe&nbsp; to the Data Sets channel!

  Top Comments:
  1. @RoyDelaughter-kx3hm [1 likes]: HEY
YOU ARE WHO YOU
HANG WITH 😊😊😊
  2. @ChioSoufan [1 likes]: 中國澳門❤China Macau 🙏 老餅權烘焙手信店❤🎉😊🎉😂🎉😅🎉❤
  3. @ChioSoufan [1 likes]: Happy new year 2026年❤😊😂😅🎉
  4. @ChioSoufan [1 likes]: 2025年12月31日星期三下午中國澳門Wendy Chio China Macau 😂😅🎉❤
  5. @ChioSoufan [1 likes]: My friend How are you I'm Wendy Chio China Macau ♥️ 2025年12月30日星期二早上❤中國澳門老餅權烘焙手信店❤
  6. @denisecase807: These idiots are so disgusting.
  7. @MikeLamont-x1t: Happy  5 days a week with is a work week  thanks for keeping  America great ❤all ways love 🎉
  8. @FredTyler-p8g: Billionaires are on a different level then celebrities who are movies Stars singers rappers and sports figures they are millionaires they have money it just billionaires are in a different class
  9. @MikeLamont-x1t: Love you America  5 days  ❤️  a week
  10. @MikeLamont-x1t: Love all of you let's  ❤️  get it
  11. @JoalfreLopez: de Francisco Gabriel López Leyva 👍
  12. @JoalfreLopez: bedame carne
  13. @MikeLamont-x1t: I love my country  people  keep up the good work yall always  do things  100 all the time.   5 yeap 100
  14. @RadhakrishnaKamat-d8n: My Heartly Brother LARRY..
  15. @MikeLamont-x1t: Merry Christmas to all and a happy new year
  16. @ValentinArdiles-s5p7n: 19:00 Neal blue por un momento crei que era  Frank Sinatra
  17. @alexleitchbscopen3905: All them big smiles but no one has a credit card forever and a day , it's Gods wil!
  18. @kostatsarnas5979: Interesting how colorless this list is. Thank God for equal opportunity.
  19. @RobertCuaresma-c3h: Is gives desestion honors justices.ftedom Happiness and Earth 🌍 sure true Real is comand me I'm greatful happy you back beautiful faces life young man and woman I'm very  thankful or thank you very much may God father and heaven gives loves help people country friendship created powerful God father and heaven true created universe and earth 🌎 and heaven 🙏♥️❤️♥️
  20. @RobertCuaresma-c3h: Is bunos life chance and change beautiful faces young strong against.bilow 18 year's Old life. You Lucky You Reschest true .you back Beautiful face life people woman.or m pure man

- This Tech Entrepreneur Is The Richest Black Person In America: Kind: captions Language: en today on Forbes this Tech entrepreneur is the richest black person in America the wealthiest black person in America is it entrepreneur David Stewart according to the 2024 Forbes 400 list of wealthiest Americans last week on October 1st Forbes revealed its annual ranking which estimated the Missouri resident net worth at a record 11.4 billion up from 7.6 billion last year and 6 billion the year before that Steward who resides in St Louis tops private Equity billionaire Robert Smith who is the second richest with an estimated net worth of 10.8 billion they're two of just four black members on the 2024 ranking which required a minimum net worth of $3.3 billion the most ever that means just 1% of the list members are black entrepreneurs or Executives the other two are paler co-founder Alexander karp who makes his debut with an estimated 3. $6 billion and NBA great Michael Jordan worth an estimated $3.5 billion stward who is 73 years old is the majority owner of worldwide technology or wwt alongside partner Jim Kavanaugh a native of Clinton Missouri Steward initially put up $250,000 in capital to start wwt in 1990 according to a 2019 Forbes profile over the years the IT service provider went on to NAB top corporate clients including Apple City Microsoft and the federal government in 2023 wwt had sales of $17 billion roughly 67% of the Forbes 400 are self-made this year including all four of the black members Steward though is among a very elite group of just 25 billionaires who have been given a maximum 10 on the selfmade scorecard meaning that he is one of just a handful who truly have rags to Rich's stories stward grew up in the segregated South with seven siblings his father worked as a mechanic janitor and trash collector after graduating from Central Missouri University he worked in sales for the Missouri Pacific Railroad Union Pacific and FedEx in 1983 stward purchased his first business an auditing company called transportation business Specialists using loans from Community Banks throughout Missouri in the early days of worldwide technology which as we said he co-founded in 1990 Steward sometimes went without a paycheck and once watched his car get repossessed from the office parking lot during a lecture in 2013 at the optical fiber communication conference Stuart told the crowd quote you know what it takes to get into business and what it takes to be an entrepreneur it takes a little risk it takes getting past your fears it's having much faith of the possibilities as well and being able to put everything on the line because you know you've been called upon to do something very special it doesn't take a whole lot of money overall Steward ranks number 84 on the 400 list in 2024 up from number 121 in 2023 and from number 155 in 2022 Smith the CEO of private Equity Firm Vista Equity Partners is ranked number 88 up one spot from last year when he was worth $9.2 billion karp meanwhile is one of 23 newcomers to the list the trio of stward Smith and karp made their wealth in the two most common Industries for the 400 wealthiest Americans finance and Tech Jordan made his fortune in sports but mainly after transitioning from NBA player to NBA team owner Jordan who ranks number 385 with a net worth of $3.5 billion first debuted a year ago after selling his majority stake in the Charlotte Hornets for $3 billion several other black billionaires are part of the 415 Americans who are worth1 figures but are still simply not rich enough to make the Forbes 400 that includes Oprah Winfrey at $3 billion Shan Jay-Z Carter at $2.5 billion Tope iatana at $1.4 billion Tyler Perry at $1.4 billion Rihanna at $1.4 billion Tiger Woods at 1.3 billion LeBron James at $1.2 billion Magic Johnson at 1.2 $2 billion and Sheila Johnson at $1 billion for full coverage and to see the whole 2024 Forbes 400 list check out Jabari Young's piece on forbes.com this is Kieran Meadows from Forbes thanks for tuning in [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaGray_KingswayGlobal [7 likes]: Self made black billionaire stories are the best inspiration
  2. @Game6Sports [3 likes]: If I had this much money I'd start and develop an infrastructure for urban areas with urban based schools, hospitals, urgent care centers, mental health centers, gym/athletic centers and much more.
  3. @nomadictravelerfromTx [3 likes]: I guess I'm average with my 2 million in cash and 100k monthly income. I grew up in the poorest part of Texas.:glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:
  4. @flyflybaby2723 [2 likes]: I love people who start companies!
  5. @EEJ4K [1 likes]: Karp is not black....
  6. @HenryJ164 [1 likes]: If they are married to yt people it means nothing but giving their wealth back to the plantation.
  7. @TheyCensorUsHere [1 likes]: 1 billion...
1 million/year = 50k in interest.
10 mill = 500k/
100 mil - 1 mil
1 bill = 10 Mil
And that's at the minimum 5%. hey get a lot higher interest on their accounts than we do.

It's not what you know it's who. It's nepotism and cronyism. That is why our system is corrupting and degrading. Fathers get their sons/daughters jobs and they get their friends jobs and then no one is qualified. 

Always remember, most of these billionaires didn't get there through their own hard work. They got there through corruption. bribes, being born in the right family, within the right secret society, betraying their people and advancing an agenda. Always remember - The majority of these billionaires aren't deserving of what they have. They stole it.

Microsoft, google? 99% of the tech they use was created with tax payer money.
When you truly understand that you will see the corruption.
  8. @celestepalm6949: @0:50: Forbes' so rich they don't even need to spell.
  9. @eugenemayhand3667: It's pose a Blk equality but balance is Almighty purpose Ur blessing is Urs Stop comparing especially to  practical survival  each1 teach1  compassion 🔥❤️🖤💚🫵🏽🙏🏽✊🏽👍🏽💯
  10. @Pulsonar: It’s a real shame that in 2025 we still chatting “richest BLACK man in America” can’t we just step it up to what stroke of brilliance grew their business fortune?

Do we still need to see at least one of our own in the $billion club to remind every generation that they can make it, but without digging into the business models?

I’m way more interested in how they made it and how their talents helped them succeed. It’s not just about numbers, status or entertainment/sports career that propelled them into that privileged spot. 
We need to dig deeper.
  11. @brigittejackson928: Mr Michael Jordan and others always have that billion dollar smile. 
I like their memes too!
Black Lives Matter.
Black Legacy Matters.
  12. @empirelane9: Very Insightful Information, this is literally a wealth of information
  13. @avatarkana1161: Hero
  14. @JBgoodiebag: Yes yes! Commenting to change my algorithm
  15. @DocGatt: It's good to see representation at the highest levels but people remember we live in an oligarchy. These are the billionaires who need to be paying their fair share. We have enough billionaires. This is wealth that rivals nation states.
  16. @MrT-nh6di: Very intelligent man, very wealthy. Low key best way to be
  17. @TroyEriepa: Simeon Toko Line??
  18. @Amazon820: He had to only talk about white businesses not once did he mention black businesses with himself being black 😂
  19. @RandallB-q7c: I bet he earned it.
  20. @wdee-rh1nu: Why do Billionaires have to be separated by race? Only in America.

- What Happens to Rich People Under Socialism?: Kind: captions Language: en this episode is brought to you by nebula if you'd like to help support this Channel and the D program and first thought consider signing up for nebula at the link below nothing you want the honest answer not much will actually happen to rich people under socialism they'll genuinely be fine a socialist president wouldn't make Jeff Bezos eat a 100 billion Amazon boxes until his little tummy explodes we're not going to bring out the Guillotines and pull up Forbes on our phones there aren't going to be free Rotten Tomato boxes from a local organic farm dropped around town in a socialist society a former billionaire or CEO would either stay in their position if their workers think they did a good job or they get voted out their salary and earnings would probably be reduced so that the gap between the lowest paid and highest paid employee in any company goes down if they're sitting on a dozen or so empty properties and new housing isn't enough to satisfy everyone's needs they may only be allowed to keep two maybe even three if they got wealthy doing something Despicable like dumping toxic waste somewhere their wealth may be used to fix the things they did wrong and honestly that's pretty much it nothing will really happen to the rich as in the actual people the category of Rich will change but we'll get to that anyway for some reason a lot of people are worried that socialism means going on a rampage and the first thing we need to talk about to correct that impression is that most socialists aren't dumb every piece of socialist writing that has ever existed is constantly emphasizing that individual wealthy people are not the problem socialists in general recognize that almost anyone in bezos's position would do what he does same goes for Zuckerberg or musk or whoever your favorite billionaire is exploitation and environmental destruction and doing just about anything for a buck is the name of the game under capitalism and that's what we take issue with not that Jeff specifically is the one doing it this doesn't stop what these billionaires are doing from being wrong but most of it is just perfectly legal and all we'd want to do is change that to put an end to it not to punish people just make the awful stuff stop most of us socialists take issue with the system of power and wealth accumulation that is capitalism not the individuals who inevitably end up at the top to put it differently there are millions of jerks out there that are just as evil as musk but who are basically powerless simply because under this economic system power can only consolidate in a few people's hands and I can tell you're skeptical a lot of people are worried about what socialism might look like after a century of redcare rhetoric it also doesn't help that past socialist revolutions just like the liberal revolutions that gave us capitalism have often been bloody Affairs it's normal to be concerned about that when people like me talk about making fundamental social and economic changes the history of big changes hasn't often been a series of peaceful transitions of power I think most historians would agree that's never been the case I will point out though that there's a tremendous amount of Bloodshed required to keep the current system chugging along billions of people are kept in artificial poverty when we have enough food and housing for all enough jobs that need doing so that no one needs to be unemployed enough resources to provide everyone with Healthcare and education hundreds of thousands of protesters are brutalized by police and army forces when they complain that life is too expensive and the air is getting unbreathable not to mention how gruesome Wars are constantly waged for the profit of a few defense and oil companies but even given all that it's still perfectly normal to be worried about the possibility of additional violence and that's why I want to make this video what I want to clear up is the false idea that violence against the wealthy would be a part of regular socialist society because it simply wouldn't be the main concern of socialism is equal Democratic and economic power a guaranteed higher standard of living coupled with a more extensive democracy in this system essentially no one should get wealthy enough to exploit someone else and become democratically unaccountable businesses compete the winners monopolize and oligopolies and basic needs are gatee kept while companies are given a license to destroy or appropriate common resources the ultra wealthy have an outsized influence in politics and in the workplace and the entire economy is geared towards Max maximizing their ability to profit in some cases profit and human well-being go together in most not so much under capitalism what decides if something happens isn't popular approval but profitability which is determined by how much employers exploit their employees how wealthy or desperate their consumers are and even how recklessly they can destroy the environment the idea is to stop all that by bringing the economy under Democratic control to have workers elect their boss boss or choose to restructure their workplace entirely based on their expertise in actually doing the work to have natural monopolies and other parts of the economy controlled by a democratic government to have some Market mechanisms not Guided by profit to replace private banks with public banks with appointed or elected representatives instead of a board of directors trying to figure out how to make workers pee in more bottles a democratic Council would decide the best way to use something like Amazon's distribution Network and algorithms to actually benefit Society the point is nothing happens to wealthy people under this Arrangement the rich are just not part of the plan not the individuals they can stick around but the idea of someone getting obscenely wealthy in this Society seems pretty pointless and ideally impossible as a real life anecdote look at how the last emperor of China was treated after their Revolution they didn't off the guy they gave him a re-education helped him understand why the position of Emperor was out outdated and eventually he became a member of China's national people's Congress helping to make progress alongside the very same people he had previously oppressed he was reintegrated into a better Society in a future socialist system the rich and Powerful themselves would be fine but most of the Privileges and access to power that create billionaire levels of wealth just wouldn't exist the only way to become incredibly wealthy in a socialist society is to have a unique set of skills the way an actor or an athlete becomes incredibly wealthy under capitalism being basically Irreplaceable might command a higher price for your labor but even then you'd still end up with a much more equal Society some inequality might still persist but at a much different scale and within a much much smaller range the difference between capitalism and socialism is that you wouldn't be able to get Wealthy by paying workers less than the amount they bring in for your company you couldn't gain wealth by exploitation and that's it you're still skeptical no problem here's another reason you shouldn't be worried about what happens to rich people under socialism most socialists are very anti-p punishment just talk to your Lefty friends and you'll see most socialists today are at the Forefront of the restorative and transformative Justice movements as well as the prison abolition and anti-death penalty movements the most famous representative of this socialist position is probably someone like Angela Davis who's campaigned for all of these causes for decades the idea of punitive Justice or the eye for an eye logic that governs a lot of our justice system today is deeply unpopular in the modern left and one of the things that socialists are adamantly against in parallel to socialist ideas about changing systems we would much rather make crime less economically necessary or less enticing by ensuring everyone's needs are met unconditionally than by threatening people with a violent State apparatus we would much rather strip people of their power over others and Institute a more developed democracy that extends to the workplace than allow a few to to gain power through exploitation and punish them when they predictably use that power to those ends socialists promote structural change first and foremost and are against punitive Justice as a way to solve structural issues the idea that this would just not apply to those who happen to be wealthy is possible but realistically very unlikely and of course this isn't to say that a socialist society would be without the means to punish people who commit crimes historically after every Revolution there have been elements often funded by one of the capitalist powers that tried to undermine the Socialist project through acts of Terror this wouldn't be acceptable in a socialist society anymore than it is in a capitalist one those people would still face the consequences of their actions whatever those consequences are determined to be but on the whole the goal of socialist Justice is to be more restorative than punitive as we saw with the example of the Chinese emperor I get that all this conflicts with the popular ideas most people have about socialism but let's be clear don't mistake Eat the Rich sweaters for a policy Proposal with so much violence committed by capitalists and their institutions against the working class and the environment it's understandable that anger will bubble up and find its expression in edgy slogans but as far as solutions to capitalism's violence go eat the rich isn't one of them eating the rich without changing the system that reproduces unaccountable billionaires isn't progress it's just a funny quote and just in case some of you try to misrepresent what I'm saying none of this is to say that disruptive protests are illegitimate or anything Civility and nonviolent protests are a sacrifice protesters make to go in front of armed police forces and refuse to punch back no one should demand from those who are oppressed that they should continue being oppressed to stay legitimate and valid this video isn't some kind of condemnation of all violence or an appeal to complacency I'm simply clearing up the false idea a that daily socialist operation depends on punishing the rich like many pundits seem to imply the idea you have in your mind that socialists just want to Bonk billionaires to solve the problems of capitalism is simply wrong it's not a solution ending A system that produces billionaires is the number one goal not hurting people we don't want Jerks with the authority to change our understanding of what qualifies as a toilet the problem is the system not the jerks let's be even clearer for someone uber wealthy under capitalism life under socialism would be different an end to exploitation and permanently Rising inequality would certainly mean fewer privileges possibly or even probably a less important status certainly less power to boss people around and most likely less ability to enjoy excessive luxury at will but that's probably it less power less privilege but a life that continues to be more than comfortable as the standards for all of society are raised accountability not to Boards of directors shareholders and the market but to a democratic workers Association and perhaps most importantly the opportunity to be a part of a new project that actually improves the conditions of our species the thing all these billionaires claim to want to do under socialism they could use that drive if it's genuine to really contribute socialism is The Way Forward even if you're a billionaire howdy friends I'm excited to announce that I'm recording this sponsor read from the brand new second thought office that sounds a little fancier than it really is but I did recently move the whole studio setup to a larger space and I've got a bunch of cool stuff planned for the near future some of the projects I have in mind and even being able to move into a new place like this is only possible thanks to the support of viewers like you one of the ways you can show that support is by signing up for nebula I'm sure you're all aware of nebula by now it's the Creator owned streaming platform that's home to content from all your favorite creators where we can make the content we really want to make to give you an idea of one of the projects I have in mind the three of us at the D program are toying with the idea of making a highly produced nebula Original Series in a similar style to blowback doing a deep dive into an interesting topic in socialist history but that will only be possible if we can prove there's enough interest if that sounds like something you'd enjoy you can let nebula know by signing up to show there's an audience for the series if you sign up using the link below you'll get access to nebula and you'll be directly supporting your three favorite socialist creators and all our current and future projects besides helping us you also get access to a ton of excellent content from amazing creators from Tom Nicholas to our changing climate to not just bikes the annual plan is just 30 bucks for an entire year I honestly think that's an amazing deal for all the great content on nebula so if you'd like to help support our work and get access to the streaming platform built and owned by the creators sign up for nebula using my link below it really does help support me and educational creators all across YouTube If you enjoyed this video consider dropping a like if you hated it a thumbs down you can watch my other content by following the links on your screen thanks for watching and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @SecondThought [508 likes]: Howdy, friends! I hope you enjoy the video. If you appreciate the work I'm doing and would like to help support the channel, consider signing up for Nebula with my link! As a little thank you for watching, this link also gets you 40% off: https://go.nebula.tv/secondthought
  2. @FJFNJRNFO [1 likes]: the world is fucked up due to capitalism and global greed and borders and 3rd world countries and 2nd world countries mostly even more fucked i am fucked becuz i am from 3rd world country wtf
  3. @SoulsSummit: To play "devil's advocate" - if you make it lethaly dangerous for someone to be a billionaire, i'm sure there will be less desire to be a billionaires and more people would "just be happy being multi millionaires"
  4. @joeybob8196: How is it exploitation if you’re being paid???

Edit: AND GET TO CHOOSE WHERE YA WORK?!
  5. @qsr1776: The problem with Socialism is it just focuses the distribution of wealth rather than the creation of it. They assume the "pie" is infinite and the only problem is that "greedy corporations" are holding the biggest slices.

In reality, if you hate "the system" (like the state/police/military) but you want the state to provide healthcare, education, housing, and redistribution; that means the state needs more power, more taxes, and more enforcement (police to collect taxes, bureaucrats to manage the doctors). The state to collects significantly more money from higher earners. This inefficient scheme just enriches those in the government and their connected friends and interests, You get the status quo.
  6. @Surreal469: Good video. Terrible sponsor. 7/10 lol
  7. @Giovanni-i2s: A verse that guides you closer to God

Revelation 14:12

New King James Version

12 Here is the [a]patience of the saints; here[b] are those who keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus.
  8. @arctic_commie1997: The problem is those rich greedy people go on to become greedy workers
  9. @dmitrychigirev8346: Complete fantasy. There are no rich under socialism, or poor. There are only slaves and guards, and the supreme leader at the top. And any of the guards may very quickly become a slave themselves - it doesn't take much, sometimes nothing at all. It's like walking on egg shells. Even the supreme leader isn't safe, corruption and treason are still everywhere.
  10. @Allicat-n3d: Socialism is totaltarium
  11. @thegui999: Nerd ass take. 
They need to go
  12. @discordlexia2429: I wonder how many people see a detailed breakdown like this and just respond "But human nature therefore bad."
  13. @nocteyes379: "Re-integrated China's last emperor in a society he oppressed" bro he was 2 years old when he came to power and not even a teenager when he was deposed.
  14. @Kth77: Sadly, the owning class sees not having perpetually growing profit margins as violence against them.
  15. @MusicFromNowhere: They want us to have children for them.  "Just drop 'em off" --Whoopie Goldberg
  16. @nics4967: That no1 goal can logically entail violence against the rich as a means.
  17. @nics4967: So, no socialist praises Luigi?  Plenty on the left seem happy with that violence.  A capitalist can be a pacifist a socialist can be violent.

It seems to be a no true scotsman to say a socialist can't want to use madam guillotine.  

I get it's not this guys part of the socialist spectrum
  18. @michaelbyron1166: The one thing that I never hear anyone discuss is the premise for the 'wealth' of these billionaires. They are NOT earning billions. They are seeing their 'wealth' increase because all of 'US' are pouring our hard earned money into the stock market via our 401Ks and IRAs, thus driving up the value of the stocks (way beyond their real value) and thereby increasing the net wealth of these billionaires. This is simply a clear case of late stage capitalism 'rent-seeking' behavior, where there is entirely too much money doing absolutely nothing productive but chasing a money-on-money return. If it weren't for the limited intrinsic value of the companies the stocks are based on, this would be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever perpetrated.
If we all stopped pouring our hard earned money into the stock market the 'wealth' of those billionaires would evaporate overnight. However, that doesn't provide much in the way of a path forward for anyone's retirement plans either, now does it?
  19. @stfumeow97: I'm Egyptian and Egypt was a socialist under the ruling of Jamal abd elnassar, wealthy land owners hated him with a passion because he took their land and distributed on the poor farmers. He left the land owners with a good chunk of land but this didn't make them any less mad. I didn't even was alive when he ruled Egypt but he was the main reason I got a free higher education 50 years after his death, because he made higher education free during his ruling. Me and my family main source of income is my grandmother, and grand father pension. Yes he was also responsible for that as well. I know he wasn't perfect as a leader but he have a special place in my heart. I wish if we can have a leader like this again, but unfortunately Egypt just became a place for wealthy foreigner investors to ruin and enslave people.
  20. @bigbusiness3000: It is the fault of the individual because of moral ethics and religion. The only way the system changes is with each individual saying im not going to hurt my fellow man.

- The Journeys of America's Richest Men | Oligarchs | US Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Tycoons are in many ways the lifeblood of society. They're the most competitive people you will ever find. Inside the secret world of the mega rich are some of the most powerful people on the planet. This time the United States new billionaires are being created really almost on a daily basis. How do these tycoons make their fortunes? They are calculated risktakers willing to put everything out there. They're willing to lose everything. How do they hang on to them? These people have so much money because they haven't had to pay taxes. And how are they shaping the future of America and the world? Money is a form of of political power and right now that power is entirely in private hands and that's very very dangerous. America, the richest country on Earth. This is the land of the tycoon. We now have over 700 billionaires in America. Tycoons from social media to manufacturing definitely defined the way that we work and all that we do. These men and women all began with a relentless desire to do something new and extraordinary. Every time there's a technological revolution, it throws up massive new amounts of wealth. Riding the wave of tech innovation is at the heart of the American tycoon story. They are calculated risktakers. They're willing to put everything out there. They're willing to lose everything, but they do it in a way that's targeted to get to a vision, an idea. And the richest man in America and the world is constantly in pursuit of new ideas. No one in the history of Forbes tracking billionaires has been worth as much as Elon Musk. Elon Musk risks everything each time he starts a new project. Elon Musk says he could only do this in the United States. Most other societies don't have that much wealth and they don't put that wealth into the risktakers. Tesla is now the most valuable car company in the world, worth around a trillion dollars. It kickstarted the electric vehicle revolution. Their idea of an electric car is something that doesn't look good, isn't fast, doesn't have high performance. We wanted to break the mold. Tesla makes less than a million cars a year. And yet, it's worth more than the world's nine largest car companies put together. I think what we've done here is for the first time created an electric car that you actually want to buy. But Tesla could so easily have been a different story. Instead of making Musk the world's richest man, he could have lost everything. Risktaking is like the Prometheian fire. You can get close and use some of it, but you can't use too much of it. Elon Musk has had moments when it was on the precipice of disaster. Everywhere you look, the color is red, and no one, it seems, can stop the bleeding. In 2008, the financial crisis meant the global economy was on the brink of collapse. Mayhem, carnage, a bloodbath. Call it what you want, but what we saw on global stock markets today was ill disguised panic. It became impossible for startup Tesla to raise capital. Elon Musk was broke. The most sensible thing would have been to sell. So Musk tweets that Tesla is only 3 days from bankruptcy. that uh he doesn't own a house and that he has to borrow money just to keep the company afloat. That's how close they were to disaster. Musk took a huge risk and secured a $40 million loan and put it all into Tesla. It's extremely unusual for somebody to uh put their money on the line, risk bankruptcy, and make these projects work. he uh had the courage to do that. Really introducing the first true mass market electric vehicle to the American market is a triumph that Detroit couldn't pull off. And now Detroit is following suit. There's a bit of a revenge of the nerd going on here with uh the amount of wealth that he has created. Elon Musk grew up in South Africa which was to shape his desire to succeed at all costs. Elon Musk has rather interesting background. His mother often said that she didn't know what was wrong with him as a child. He later revealed to us that he had asperes and he was bullied. At one point some uh some of the school kids pushed him down the stairs and he ended up uh with a fair amount of injuries. I think part of his ego is based on the way he was treated as a child. He has a lot to prove. His ex-wife Justine had an incredibly difficult time with Elon. She said that he was the most obsessive person that she'd ever met. KN. And what Musk did next was obsession on a whole new level. He's built this space company that was started off as kind of a seemed like a side hustle. You know, this extra thing he was doing that has become a major contractor or a major player. Human space flight is the reason that SpaceX was created and we're currently honored to partner with with NASA. Again, it was touch and go whether he'd He had uh three failed launches and one rocket left to uh try to show that he could uh uh get them into space and supply the space station. 4 3 2 1 zero and launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket as NASA turns to the private sector to resupply the International Space Station. And the fourth one succeeded and was really uh defining moment. [Applause] You want to do projects that are inspiring and that make people excited about the future. Musk's out of the box thinking has come under fire, though. His plan to rescue trapped children from a flooded cave in Thailand with a mini sub built from rocket parts was a PR disaster. And his ideas for the future of car travel have run into problems. Some of his ideas, it's not certain how realistic they are. Uh the boring project to create tunnels underground that cars could zoom through at at incredible speeds would take an enormous amount of work. And I think a lot of people are not sure how feasible that really is. Musk's plan to send 1 million people to Mars by 2050 is also viewed with deep skepticism. The ideas that drive tycoons to wealth can also be the ideas that drive them to disaster. We should expect that uh he might remain a tycoon, but that he's spreading himself too thin and making too many risky bets at the same time. But whatever the future holds, Elon Musk is just the latest in a long line of American tycoons who've staked their all on the potential rewards of a new technology. To fully understand the role tycoons have played in the country's history, you have to return to the 19th century to the pioneers of US capitalism. The Robert Baronss were a group of men who ran the industrialization of the United States. In those days, there weren't many rules constraining what they could do. called the robber barons because of their ruthless behavior. They made their wealth from the new technology of the industrial age. The richest of them all was John D. Rockefeller who made his fortune from oil. John D. Rockefeller was president at the creation of the oil business and he rode that horse to become the biggest richest man in in the world in its time. Rockefeller's uh fortune was bigger than Bezos, bigger than Musk. It was enormous. In today's money, he is the tycoon who was the closest contender to being a trillionaire. In 1915, John D. Rockefeller could have paid off the national debt of the United States and still have been the richest man in the world. But like many US tycoons, Rockefeller started out with nothing. His father was a um a never do well was someone who was always was always hustling but not necessarily doing it in the most um legal of ways. Many billionaires are individuals who grew up on the wrong side of the tracks and that motivation is what leads them to actually become people who transform the system and make a lot of money for themselves in the process. Going from rags to riches is the essence of what's called the American dream. The American dream to me means the the ability to become wealthy. It provides the hope that drives people to work hard. You work your way up from nothing. You don't come from money. You don't come from family. And the idea that if you hustle enough, you can do anything. And one family from Arkansas defined the American dream. The Waltons are the richest family on Earth thanks to their stake in the retail chain Walmart. Founder Sam Walton's three surviving children have consistently been in the top 20 of Forb's rich list. And Alice Walton, his youngest child, is worth $65 billion alone. Alice Walton is the richest woman in the United States. She inherited most of her money, but she also invested her money. She remains involved in in many of the Walmart businesses. Sam Walton became the richest man in America in 1985, a position he held for 4 years. Sam Walton is the true rags to rich's story. Mostly it's a matter of of believing in our people, working with our people and really trying to do everything we can to for their best interest and they in turn come back and take care of our customers and take care of ourselves. Walmart now has around 11,000 stores worldwide and is the largest retailer across the globe. This retail giant started with a small shop in Arkansas and once again he made his fortune by using new technology. He was one of the first people who used computers um to track his inventory. What allowed Walmarts to become so extremely successful was very tight control of inventory. So they would buy it at the last minute, sell it as quickly as possible, keep the goods moving. Once Walmart became a a giant, they were able to push their um suppliers and force their suppliers to sell at at you know lower prices. He used glossy commercials to attract families. Walmart everyday low prices means everything. Everyday low prices really mean something at Walmart. Every single item in the store every day. Passing all savings on to consumers to make Walmart the cheapest place to shop was always Walton's aim. He also reinvested profits allowing the company to grow quickly. So Sam Walton became a cult figure. People saw Sam Walton as the embodiment of the American dream. And everyone in the company said, "Mr. Walton, you've got to perform. We did it. Now you do it." But when Sam Walton died in 1992, some saw it as a turning point. Walmart became more of a big empty corporation after Sam Walton's passing. Instead of helping their communities, it came to look like Walmart was just making money from their communities. Walmart also attracted criticism for its working practices. So, they tried in a first sense to make themselves more communityfriendly. They also tried to address a number of very damaging exposees about the mistreatment of their labor, the low wages they paid. Aware of this growing criticism, in 2008, Walmart decided to rebrand and give themselves a more caring image. They tried to raise their wages and do things to make Walmart a healthier, happier place for people to work. And they wanted to tell that story. The growth of Walmart keeps the Walton family the richest in the world, but their domination of the retail sector still provokes controversy. Fundamentally, when a Walmart comes to a town, Main Street dies. Who's going to compete with Walmart? The story of Walmart shows that size isn't everything. Tycoons getting too big and too powerful has been the great American dilemma since the time of robber barons. How to balance business success with the greater good. At its height in the early 20th century, Rockefeller's Standard Oil controlled 90% of America's oil business. Monopolies meant that a few people were getting wealthy from it, not the vast majority of Americans. And so they're not living the American dream because companies have gotten too big and too powerful. It's clear that something needs to be done to create some rules of the road. The Sherman Antirust Act back in 1890 allowed the government to dismantle monopolies. This included the break up of Rockefeller's Standard Oil. Governments continued to regulate tycoons throughout the 20th century. But in 1981, a new president decided to change everything and set the tycoons free. I, Ronald Reagan, do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States. So help me God. Reagan thought things were being overregulated and that was stifling um economic opportunity and profitm. In the 1980s, Reagan undertook to repeal many of the limitations on wealth creation and business entrepreneurship in the United States. In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem. Government is the problem. Reagan cut taxes and deregulated markets, hoping the wealth created would improve everyone's standard of living. Reconomics did create an updated version of the American dream. Reagan's policies actually increased inequality in the US. However, over 16 million jobs were created and the booming economy made Americans feel good about themselves again. They were ready to buy houses, TVs, fridges, cars, and fast food. Oh, the 80s were great for billionaires. One of the truly great eras of prosperity in American history. It was a vision that Americans enthusiastically embraced. Reagan's policies also paved the way for a new type of tycoon. One who didn't actually make anything. Instead, he made his fortune by investing in other people's companies. Warren Buffett is an example of this new breed of tycoon who becomes immensely wealthy not by building things but by investing in things. By buying stakes in undervalued companies, Buffett for a time became the richest man in the world. Buffett is very good at reading kind of what sectors of this new market, this service economy, postindustrial economy, kind of what's going to grow and what's going to be profitable. Thanks to deregulation and a booming economy, Buffett made his first billions in the 80s. Instead of following the stock market, he studied financial reports from his office in Omaha, looking for undervalued businesses. I've never had a computer in there. I've never had a calculator in there. And uh and I've never had a stock ticker in there. He once spent a billion dollars buying Koch shares, which then quadrupled in value over four years. Warren Buffett epitomizes the 1980s because from his little office in Omaha, Nebraska, he's now able to move capital around without limitations. Before the 80s, it wasn't possible to move money that way. I'm having the time of my life. I mean, I get to do every day exactly what I like to do with people who I love and who seem to like me pretty well. And and it doesn't get any better than that. He now has thousands of followers for whom he invests money. They call him the Oracle of Omaha. Despite his huge wealth, his lifestyle remains modest in the extreme. Warren Buffett is interesting because he kind of bursts onto the scene at a time when the images of wealth are often flashy and, you know, fur coats dripping with jewels and and Warren Buffett's not that at all. He is a folksy Midwesterner from Nebraska. um lives, you know, not someone who flashes his wealth. Buffett still lives in the same house he bought more than 60 years ago. How would I improve my life by having 10 houses around the globe? I mean, if I'd wanted to become, you know, a superintendent of housing or something of the sort, you know, I could have gone into that as a profession, but I do not want to manage 10 houses, and I really don't even want somebody else doing it for me. And I don't know why the hell I'd be happier. Nothing really changed in the Buffett household as Warren Buffett got richer. his kids found out that they were wealthy because um they read about him in Forbes magazine. Now, as well as advocating for higher taxes on the rich, he's also sworn to give away most of his fortune before he dies. The 1980s was also the beginning of a new technological revolution, the digital age. It saw the birth of the tech tycoon. Just as in the 19th century, entirely new industries and sectors grew and you have the arrival of the commercially available personal computer. Computers make possible things that before were not possible and that includes the accumulation of enormous fortunes. Bill Gates saw the boom in home computers, but his genius was not to build them, but to write the software. Microsoft is the second most valuable company in the world and is worth around $2 trillion. Gates understood how technology would change our lives, foreseeing the impact of smartphones before most of us were even using a computer. Uh virtually uh everyone in 10 to 15 years time will be able to carry around a a wallet PC. You can have thousands of pictures of your children if you like. Uh easy to call up. Uh you'll be able to receive messages, news bulletins. In fact, the machine over time will learn what you're interested in. An individual like Bill Gates is someone who sees a future before it's occurred. Their ideas help them to imagine a different kind of world and they're investing in taking risks to try to get to that world. Gates wrote his first software program at the age of 13. He's a nerdy, brainy guy. So even growing up, he was a bookworm. They had a rule at the Gates house. No bill, no more books at the dinner table. He's sort of one of these child genius type of type of kids. He dropped out of Harvard in 1975 to set up Microsoft. Gates was creating a company that was selling something that previously had been given away for free. Gates had a very different vision. And he was right. Software was a business. Gates big break came in 1980 when IBM chose Microsoft software for their computers because it was userfriendly. Bill Gates software made it possible for you and me to understand how to operate our computers. Microsoft did a deal with IBM that also allowed them to sell the same software to other computer companies, putting them ahead of the competition. He didn't always have the best software on the market. There were other programs that were better, but he knew how to get them out there. Like Rockefeller before him, who ran 90% of America's oil business, at its height, 90% of the world's PCs were running Windows, making Bill Gates America's youngest billionaire at the age of 31. One of the characteristic that Bill Gates has in common with a lot of other tycoons is he's intensely competitive. Part of Microsoft's success comes from that real intense take no prisoners, we're going to, you know, we want to win. um we're not here to make friends. And it also is something that contributes to their getting in trouble with the Department of Justice. By 1998, when Bill Gates was the richest man in the world worth $51 billion, Microsoft was being accused of illegally creating a monopoly in the same way the robber barons were in the 19th century. How many of you use a PC without Microsoft's operating system? Gentlemen, that's a monopoly. Because he bundled his own web browser, Internet Explorer, with Windows Software, he was accused of crushing his rivals. Silicon Valley companies referred to Microsoft as the death star and, you know, saw it as this sort of enemy of everything that was right and good. The antitrust controversy was most certainly the greatest obstacle in Bill Gates's Microsoft journey. His attitude under questioning was a PR disaster. And did you actually read what was in there? Gates is a very difficult person to get along with. He has a tendency to try to denigrate people that he's uh debating with. You're saying to me that there's more in there and you're just reading me part of it. He did not take seriously the arguments of those who believed Microsoft was too big, who believed it was too predatory, who believed it was stifling innovation. So you were asking me about it without reading me the whole thing. He came to represent the example of the spoiled narcissistic leader, not the innovative entrepreneur. This court ruling finds the company guilty of acting as a monopoly and stifling competition. Microsoft was ordered to split in two, but on appeal the decision was reversed. Gates has since said he was naive back then and that he made some mistakes. Even though Microsoft itself was not broken up in the way Standard Oil was, um the the gold was now tarnished. After the antitrust proceedings, Apple was cool, Microsoft wasn't. After the trial, Bill Gates devoted increasingly more time to charity work through the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. After the lawsuit, just like Rockefeller and Carnegie, Bill Gates went into philanthropy to deploy their great wealth for a greater good. And so the Gates started engaging in some smaller scale philanthropy in the late 90s and then in the early 2000s founded their foundation which was became immediately the largest in the world. And the goal is by 2040 uh to eliminate this disease. So the scientists here are part of an incredible exciting undertaking uh that will make malaria history. To date, the foundation has given away over $50 billion. Bill Gates has also recruited fellow billionaire Warren Buffett and others to make a pledge to give away their wealth as well. As a philanthropist, he's really had this second act that's very different. His foundation has done extraordinary work at scale kind of this massive these massive interventions in global health. Bill Gates philanthropy is an example of how many tycoons are extending their reach into other areas of American life. They're becoming public figures in a way that exceeds their previous reputation as just business people. In the 2020 presidential election, an unprecedented three tycoons ran for office. I think Americans of n 1910 would have had great reluctance to, you know, let John D. Rockefeller run for president. Um, and I think that there should be the same trepidation about the billionaire dominance of politics now. But it's not just running for election. It's influencing policy as well. Oil barons Charles and his brother David Ko, who died in 2019, are perhaps the biggest examples of billionaires using their wealth behind the scenes. They have funded some of the most conservative politicians in the country. So Ko's money uh is still very much attached to taking resources out of the ground uh that often have a negative environmental consequence. And so he has a very strong interest in limiting any government interference in the activities that produce these environmental consequences. They've spent hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars supporting candidates who spread lies that climate change is a conspiracy. These two brothers are trying to buy America. You could argue that the Koch brothers have been two of the most influential political actors in the world in the last 20 to 30 years. Yet neither of them has ever held an elected The influence over American life also comes thanks to favorable US tax laws which have enabled tycoons to build their immense fortunes. So, a new report reveals the 25 richest Americans, including Jeff Bezos, Michael Bloomberg, Elon Musk, they paid relatively little and sometimes nothing in federal income taxes between 2014 and 2018. Both Bloomberg and Bezos have endorsed the call for a corporate tax rise. One way tycoons legally avoid income tax is by owning shares in their company instead of taking a salary. In 2018, Elon Musk paid no income tax. After the ensuing outcry, he pulled his Twitter followers and chose to pay 11 billion in 2021. The American tax system is a grotesque thing right now. It's amended about 4,000 times a year. And of those 4,000 amendments, almost all of them are little favors to people. Congressmen need campaign funds. They have a mutual backscratching society. I mean, you help me get reelected and I'll help you solve that tax problem. In 2021, 55 of the largest companies in America paid no federal corporate tax. Others have been criticized for not paying enough. Among them is one company whose founder sits just off the top of the rich list. Amazon now ships 15 million parcels a day and has 1 and a.5 million employees across the world. The company dominates online retail and this is all thanks to Jeff Bezos obsession with customer service. People ask me, "Are your customers loyal to you?" And I always say absolutely right up until the second that somebody else offers them a better service. And I really believe that. Bezos understood from the start that online shopping gave customers much more choice but also more power. Online the balance of power shifts away from the merchant and toward the customer. It's because customers have great information online. They can price compare very easily. All sorts of things like that. Also, the customers can tell each other what they find out. So, they can use the internet as a megaphone. 30 years ago, Bezos was a banker in New York. He saw the number of people using the internet, then a brand new technology, grow over 2,000% in a year. He realized it was a chance to make his fortune. The biggest sacrifice which Jeff Bezos took um was of course leaving his career on Wall Street. He had been incredibly successful in finance. by going into this online space which was relatively unknown at the time. He was taken a massive gamble. So the billionaires who really make it big, they're the ones who take advantage of a new technology and connect their ideas to that technology. And so he drops out of the Wall Street rat race. Instead, moves across the country to Seattle because it's got a good stock of software engineers because Microsoft is in Seattle. He rented a house and set up in the garage with a door for his desktop. He wanted to be seen as, you know, a uh a frugal, barebones startup that wasn't going to waste money. In just two months, sales at Amazon reached $20,000 per week. The personal qualities that make a tycoon a tycoon is in thinking very big and thinking very long term. Jeff Bezos is a great example of that. The plan from the beginning was to grow big quick by investing everything back into the business. His other great insight was that a successful company in the late 20th century was not a company that made a lot of money but a company that had a lot of revenue. Investors would be investing in growth. That's what they want. If you look at our US books business, it was profitable in the month of December of 1998. And that was a critical mistake uh because the management team of the company should have been able to figure out that was me by the way should have been able to figure out that the uh ways to invest that money. Amazon's success has had a huge impact on main streets across the world. But from the early days when Bezos was mainly selling books, he's been unapologetic. Complaining is not a strategy. Amazon is not happening to book selling. The future is happening to book selling. It's not just bookshops. Now with around 12 million products sold by Amazon, all areas of the retail sector are under threat. Amazon have very aggressively gone into more and more sectors. This of course isn't a sign of the future at all. It's a sign of Jeff Bezos's ambitions and also his continuous drive for growth. Like most tycoons, Bezos has kept his family life private. That is until 2019 when he divorced his wife McKenzie. She is now the fourth richest woman in the world and he's living a more celebrity lifestyle. He now lives a much more Hollywood oriented lifestyle. Brought bought an extraordinarily expensive home in LA. His new girlfriend Lauren Sanchez was a model before becoming an entertainment reporter and news anchor. He now has yachts in St. Barts where he hosts models and celebrities. You can find him jetting all over the world. He's constantly found in designer clothing with his new girlfriend and generally living what is called a more jetet billionaire lifestyle. Many have said that they believe that Bezos might be having a midlife crisis. Something's definitely going on with Bezos. I just let that money take it to the money. Got a lot of zeras on a chick. But some tycoons go beyond buying yachts and supercars with their unlimited spending power. Newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hurst, the man on whom the classic film Citizen Canain was based, built his wildly extravagant Hurst Castle in California. It was packed with unusual antiques. Here's the original itself as the $50 million Hurst Art Collection goes on sale. Articles from 35 cents to $200,000. 15,000 objects in all spread over 80,000 square ft of floor space. The fruits of 50 years of search for art treasures. Eccentric business tycoon Howard Hughes spent his billions building record-breaking aircraft. Builder of the monster, Howard Hughes. Stormy Petrol of Aviation surveys the 320 ft wing of the Colossus whose weight is 200 tons and whose length is 200 ft. There are tycoons now with ambitions beyond the material world. The billionaire co-founder of PayPal, Peter Teal, wants to live forever. He plans to freeze his body after death so he can be brought back to life when the technology exists. Others don't just want to save themselves, they want to save the planet. We have sent robotic probes now to every planet in the solar system. And we know without any shadow of a doubt that Earth is the best one. This is the best planet. Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, they certainly have a dream. They want to explore space. Both men want to use space to solve Earth's problems. Bezos plans to tackle climate change by moving heavy industry to the moon. Elon Musk wants to secure the future of mankind by colonizing Mars. History fundamentally bifocates in one of two directions. Either we um are a multilanet species and out there exploring the stars or we are a single planet species waiting around for some eventual extinction event. We need those bold ideas and big thinking. At the same time, the idea that colonizing Mars is the better answer than attending to the problems on Earth is related to believing that technology can make things better. we can engineer our way out of a problem, whether it be climate change or social inequality or disinformation on the internet, that there must be a better fix. Sometimes the answer isn't always more technology. These men are driven by a sense that they are right, that they know what others don't know, and they don't see their own shortcomings. They don't see their own limits. This is especially true in the age of social media where the rapid development of new technology has led to unintended consequences. Social media has changed everything about modern society. We now live our lives online. Facebook, which also owns Instagram and rebranded under the name Meta, has connected almost 3 billion people, over a third of the world's population. I mean, the mission of the company is to make the world more open and connected because we believe that um, you know, everyone is going to have a much better experience when they're doing different things with their friends. The problem is is that it is a platform that has prioritized more inflammatory content, privileging the loudest voices in the room, and that contributes to polarization. As head of the company in 2018, Zuckerberg was called before Congress to address mounting concerns. I think it's time to ask whether Facebook may have moved too fast and broken too many things. Facebook has grown so big so fast. That much influence comes with enormous social responsibility of which you have failed to act. He can't control the ills of society. He can't control online harm. But it's clear now that we didn't do enough to prevent these tools from being used for harm as well. And that goes for fake news, foreign interference in elections, and hate speech. as well as developers and data privacy. We didn't take a broad enough view of our responsibility and that was a big mistake and it was my mistake and I'm sorry. I started Facebook. I run it and I'm responsible for what happens here. The overwhelming evidence is that uh Mark Zuckerberg sees the world only through Facebook's eyes. that uh he believes his company has the right to do what it does because it's popular. Uh he's shown very little evidence of really taking seriously the concerns people have about hate speech uh about data mining. Your every click and everything you do and everything you look at that is data and that data is being taken in and being used to sell ads to advertisers. But in doing that you are you don't know how much privacy you're surrendering or how much they know about you. The rise of Facebook has been astonishing but its origins were very modest. In 2003 while still at Harvard Zuckerberg wrote the software for Facebook in a week. It was an immediate hit. I remember in the first week alone, I'd come home from classes and see that 10% of students at Harvard were logged on at any one point in time. And that was just really cool. So then by the second week, we had all these people from other colleges around us like MIT and and other colleges in the neighborhood were were emailing in asking if we could release Facebook at their schools, too. He dropped out of Harvard, moved to Silicon Valley, launched Facebook worldwide, and within a year hit 5 million users. Mark Zuckerberg, of course, turned down various offers um to sell his company. The hardest one was really when Yahoo offered us a billion dollars uh because that was the first really big offer. And um you know, at the time I knew nothing about business, right? So I I knew nothing about what a company would be worth. And I had to make this argument to people that somehow this was going to be the right decision. Tycoons go against the conventional wisdom. They always want to get rich. But it's the idea, the passion that often separates the tycoons from other business people. When he floated Facebook on NASDAQ 28, he had gone from a student to being worth $20 billion in seven years. On this special day, on behalf of everyone at Facebook, I just want to say to all the people out there who use Facebook and our products, thank you. But the phenomenal growth of Facebook continued to bring a raft of unintended The problem now is that all these platforms, nearly all of them, are so large that they're impossible to moderate. They simply can't be this big and have either human or computer-driven moderation that is effective. Facebook is in a lot of trouble right now. I don't think the government will shut Facebook down, but I think they will will intensively regulate Facebook and break it up. At the end of 2021, Facebook user numbers dropped for the first time as users found fresh alternatives. Zuckerberg rebranded as Meta and announced grand plans for a virtual reality metaverse, hoping to lure them back. Markets weren't convinced though, and Meta lost a quarter of its value in just one day in early 2022. Social media platforms have changed the way we interact. Riding the smartphone revolution, platforms including Twitter, Snapchat, YouTube, and Tik Tok have accessed billions of users across the Social media has uh taken us beyond the world of newspapers and and radio where the more you circulated something, the more you could sell. You could make millions. Now with social media, you can instantly make perhaps billions because you can reach more people more quickly at lower cost. Twitter founder Jack Dorsey is worth $6.6 billion. Snapchat creator Evan Spiegel is worth $7.8 8 billion. As well as turning these entrepreneurs into hugely powerful billionaires, social media has also given unprecedented power to influencers who know how to harness it to create their own fortunes. Kim Kardashian has risen from nowhere using reality TV and social media to become one of the most famous, influential, and wealthy people on the globe. Kardashian was kind of famous for being famous. She was a friend of early reality TV star Paris Hilton. And then this reality show, Keeping Up with the Kardashians, really kind of put her and her family on the w the wider map of popular culture. I can't even deal with my mom doing a keg stand. Like, there are no words. The show Keeping Up with the Kardashians ran for 20 seasons. I need someone to make me laugh. Where's Kim? It followed the lives of mom Chris and stepdad Bruce Jenner along with their kids. The celebrity that bought her allowed her to promote company's products. And this is like one of the stores that I love to come to. And it just has like all different styles. I come with my two my Yeah, my two sisters. There's so many. I get them all mixed up. And we always we have such different styles and we always find stuff at Intermix that fit all of our personalities. Yeah. Kim Kardashian is someone who's leveraged social media to make her fortune in really kind of clever ways that have been extremely influential where you establish a following. You have a certain level of celebrity and so you start selling things. Her next step was to start selling her own brands using honest demonstrations of her products on social media. I always had so many products and I just wanted like a little defined kit of all of my favorite products that could just be really easy. I always do the tip of my nose cuz it just shortens your nose and makes it look so cute. Many of the beauty trends that have emerged in the last 10 years have come from Kim Kardashian. Her followers are women who want to be like her. She's got u a beauty company KKW Beauty with cosmetics. And then um perhaps her most valuable um creation has been this bodywear shapewear company called Skiims. The Skiims bodywear company is now valued at $3.2 billion. It's kind of like an idea factory. She comes up with the idea. She outsources the manufacturing to somebody else. She does the marketing on her social media and there you have it. The next thing you know, she's a billionaire. Kim Kardashian now has 280 million Instagram followers, making her one of the most influential people in the world of fashion and beauty. But running a business driven by a social media star can be tough. It's hard to stay relevant. I mean, one of the things about being on social media and being a social media star is you got to give your viewers something new and different to see and ogle about. So, I imagine she'll keep reinventing herself and creating new companies. She's young. She's only 41 years old. The American dream was built on the back of tycoons and their groundbreaking Few Americans begrudge them their success. But in recent years, the size of their fortunes has caused increasing concern about wealth disparity. The public perception of billionaires has changed very drastically. They were once seen as figures of American pride, but now we know how much tax they pay and how much they're putting back into the economy. We will see the level of wealth continue to flow to the billionaire class. We have long been a very unequal society, but two things have changed. One, the disparities in wealth are so evident. They're so obvious. we see on social media and elsewhere how other people live. So it's in our face and even more important there's a concern about mobility. People will accept inequality if they believe they have a chance. This is the American dream, right? In American society today, that's less and less true. The wealth gap between America's richest and poorest families more than doubled between 1989 and 2016. The challenge of our moment is that everyone sees a need for better regulation of wealth, but the people who are in a position to make policy decisions are very dependent on the wealthy and so they have a disincentive to make those changes. But I think it's going to require much broader political imagination. Um thinking rethinking this sort of same question that that um American lawmakers grappled with in the early 20th century, which is how do we find a way to balance capitalism with the needs of a broader public. Whether governments find a solution to the wealth gap remains to be seen. However, there's no doubt tycoons will continue to drive the American dream. The United States still has enormous opportunities, enormous resources, enormous talent, and an enormous will to get ahead. And I think that'll see us through in in fine shape. Well, there will be many, many more tycoons in the future doing what tycoons of the past have done, taking new technology, finding a new market for it, and building their fortunes and fame based on that. And that's a healthy thing. That's how society changes and evolves.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArsenioMarcelino [1 likes]: Materialistic individuals goes nothing 😂😂😂😂😊
  2. @ELVENGADOR858: MASONES ILUMINATIS
  3. @AbdulKikambi: i love this vid
  4. @ArsenioMarcelino: 😂😂😂😂Satan offered luxurious Life that will caused messy at The end 😂😂😂😂
  5. @lipingfeng: It's hard for us to believe anything these days.  one day it's the biggest news, the next day evidence surfaces that it's fake news.  Life is so not simple, so not obvious.  Truth, that is lasting, practical, informative, & can serve  as a guiding principle in our daily life, is hard to find these days.  definitely not in the news.  in the case of Jeff Bezos, for example, his journey, his story as an entrepreneur has been manipulated, stolen, re-branded, twisted this way and that, to the point where we can hardly see who or where is the real person.    
Jeff Bezos launched his company from a simple idea to start a bookstore on the internet, borrowed about $245,000 from his retiree parents, built a desk out of a door ( which he still uses ) and spent 7 years without making a profit... now that his business is making billions, look at what money has got him into. once you have money, everyone notices you.  then everyone wants to get close to you, and among them, guess who? those who are eager to cling to you no matter what, because they need you for, well, everything:  your money, your identity, your surname, your influence ... and your public image as a cover for their money-laundering network or other criminal activities.  
take a closer look at his relationship with Lauren Sanchez.  go beyond the glam and glory.  If you look more closely at their body language in photos & videos, these are two individuals going into two divergent directions, NOT on the same page.  Lauren Sanchez is a journalist, previously married to a Hollywood talent agent.  she knows the ins and outs of the media world, how it works, how by doing this & that you can reshape your image in the public eye, turn your scandals into your assets, and how you can change your surname, re-brand yourself to suit your agenda.  once she's got her foot into Jeff Bezos's world, all you see in the news is: parties, galas, vacations, yacht trips, $67 million wedding extravaganza, gigantic engagement ring, MET gala sponsorship ... 
is that the entrepreneur Jeff Bezos?  recently Jeff Bezos has announced that he's going back to the trenches of innovation & technology, launching a new startup company 'Project Prometheus" to develop physical AI to transform engineering, manufacturing and robotics. Anyone know how intense it can be starting up a new tech company? In Oct. 2025, at the Italian Tech week in Turin, Jeff talked about how intensely involved he still was at Amazon, working on AI: "I am the least retired person in the world," how he worked from 9-7, and with more reports to read after dinner. Plus, he also needs to keep an eye on his Blue Origin projects, which he understands in great detail.  This is a nerdy detail-oriented entrepreneur, working on the same door-desk that he made when he launched Amazon back in 1996. how much time does he have in his schedule to keep up with MET gala and all the parties? you get the picture.
the question is why does he let Lauren Sanchez drag his name into all the celebrity publicity trip: fashion shows, photo shoots, wealth display, glam & glory.  Jeff Bezos is not an idiot.  He has his reason in the game, which once revealed, will give the public a glimpse of what's REALLY going on in this weird relationship. one thing is certain: the truth is NOT the facade. the reality is NOT the fake news. the truth will be shocking for us all, and a wrecking ball for those who try to fabricate & maintain a lie
  6. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: Not impressed for what I do
  7. @Tamizhpanimanai: My idea is to do heat transfer for this planet..So it naturally becomes cool and ever ventilated..Puts off all hatred in humans💚💚💚
  8. @HameedXOfficial: ❤
  9. @BahtiyorFayozov-h8w: Вострой каничика кирисув я тама ❤😢😢😢
  10. @TonyRamlogan-c4c: 😂when you don't listen TONES going  TO PUT YOU TO sleep who shot and kill Lisa in front my HOUSE WHO ELSE NEEDS TREATMENT😂
  11. @kirilukov1887: Very good reality. Poor people in the USA are controlled by this pedo Epstein's friends. not like Russia.😂😂😂😂
  12. @MacavilleWilliams-t1h: Elon Musk Is A Weirdo Just like His Dad Marrying His Step Sister
  13. @caseyjones7584: They start with "America, the richest country in the world" when in fact we aren't even in the group of top five richest. They try to keep the USA first on every level and topic but the truth is,, America was once at the pinnacle of places that top students in all categories of knowledge thrived to get to and successful business owners and professors and doctors dreamed of living but now the United States has become the place of crooked government officials and whole institutions to blend in and hide their true ways and the bought and paid for politicians Congress senator etc, plus the worst of the worst the elite pedo-rings and runners to be looked up to and idolized in front of the cameras and as soon as they turn around and close the door children screams feel the air. This is true America now so please do not be fooled by twisted words and pretty suits.
  14. @Jozsi-n3w: Hatalom vagy az igazság és az igazság ki irtsa a hatlmat. Remélem érted.
  15. @ErinBravick: buffet is nothing more than a high integrity thief.  so be it.  pays well.
  16. @josephmisener1859: And there's only a picture of one woman... His wife...
  17. @Jozsi-n3w: És a náci amrika felcsel a király nő az ővéjuk lehet.
  18. @BillionaireBlueprint65: It is so nice documentary ❤❤❤
  19. @Jozsi-n3w: És a náci falka csak a civilizáció a bojgot nem segíti a kelet be van ha meg metés európának hogy diplomacia békét csináljon.
  20. @lokovites6687: The Acropolis is standing since 2500 years. How long will all this wealth exist?

- Where America's Richest Billionaires Live: The Top States for Extreme Wealth In 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Billionaires from all over America made the annual Forbes 400 ranking of the country's richest people in 2025. But the ultra wealthy aren't spread evenly across the US with more than half of the list living in the four most populous states, which account for nearly 2/3 of the record $6.6 trillion in total wealth on this year's ranking. Here are the five states with the most billionaires on the 2025 Forbes 400. Coming in at number five is Illinois. Home to 16 Forbes 400 members with a collective worth of $132.8 billion. One of the wealthiest people in the state also happens to run it. JB Pritsker with a net worth of $3.9 An heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune. Pritskar has served as governor since 2018. The richest person of all though is Lucas Walton. The 38-year-old Walmart Air has a net worth of $39.8 billion. Next up is Texas with 43 Forbes 400 members having a collective worth of $1 trillion. After spending the first few months of 2025 in Washington DC steering President Trump's Doge initiative, Elon Musk is back home in the Lonear State and has a net worth of $428 billion. The Tesla and SpaceX founder left California for Texas in 2020, shifting Tesla's headquarters to Austin the following year. Since then, he steadily acquired land for SpaceX operations and founded his own town of Starbase near the Rio Grand. Texas is also home to the richest woman in America, Walmart Alice Walton. Florida now ranks third among states with the most billionaires, down from a tie with New York for second last year. It now has 49 Forbes 400 members, collectively worth $716.3 Leading the pack is Amazon founder Jeff Bezos with a net worth of $241 billion, who relocated from Seattle to Miami in 2023. Behind him sits Citadel founder Ken Griffin. Other prominent Florida billionaires include NBA legend Michael Jordan and Only Fans owner Leonid Rinsky. New York at number two remains a magnet for some of the world's most successful business people. It is home to 57 members of the Force for 100, collectively worth $690.9 billion. Roughly 2/3 of the state's billionaires made their fortunes in finance and investments, including the richest resident, Michael Bloomberg, who's worth a staggering $19 billion. Other major names from the Empire State include media mogul Rert Murdoch and fashion icon Ralph Lauren. And the number one state is California, boasting the highest number of Forbes 400 members for 2025 with 85 individuals contributing a combined net worth of $1.7 trillion. California's reputation as a hub for Hollywood talent and tech visionaries holds strong. The state leads a nation in billionaires with 39 of them building their fortunes in technology. Oracle founder Larry Ellison tops the list with 276 billion, overtaking Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Other leaders of industry include Nvidia CEO Jensen Wang and Google co-founder Larry Page. Entertainment mogul include George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, and David Geffin, who also call the Golden State home. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @profitsblueprint [4 likes]: Interesting to see where the richest Americans live. Makes me think how tech giants like Intel and Broadcom have created massive wealth that impacts regions across the country."
  2. @bcflexin [4 likes]: Chicago lets get to #1
  3. @FariannaGreen84 [2 likes]: LA 🥰 lOve you 🌸😍💵💶
  4. @ericyabar3073: Ellison left California a while ago. Ellison's departure was part of a larger, well-publicized migration of high-profile tech executives leaving California during the pandemic era, often citing taxes and business regulations.
  5. @YesUNIVERSEWORLDKING: Yes I AM BILLIONAIRE PRESENT AND FUTURE Start All The TIME Money 💵🧠💎🪙🫵💶😘😍💯 ALWAYS TAKE ACTION AND TAKE RISK WORKING ON IT ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
BLESS ME GOD 🌎🌍🌏💎🪙👑 
AMERICAN INDIAN ARUP AMEN Yes
  6. @comeconcon569: Bill Gates still lives in the Seattle area, but he hardly ever spends any time there. he's always traveling and staying at his other properties.
  7. @KNRS927: I thought Washington would be top 5, but guess maybe it just missed the cut.
  8. @DaveHeinig-i6t: He works you like a slave at the warehouse. Amazon sucks
  9. @DaveHeinig-i6t: Greedy bezos with 300 billlllllllion and pays minimum wage and builds rockets

- How The Super Rich Live (Wealth Documentary) | Real Stories: Kind: captions Language: en Rolls-Royce, the epitome of luxury and exclusivity. Only a limited number are produced and each individual unit is made to order. They cost upwards of half a million euros, more than a house, more than the average European earns after 25 years of work. A luxury car that very few can afford, which makes the sales figures even more astonishing. Rolls-Royce has achieved a record profit last year and sold more cars than ever before in its 100-year history, all in the midst of the economic crisis. It seems the luxury industry knows no crisis. The factory at Goodwood in southern England finishes off their wealthy customers' desired car with lots of custom-made extras. The interior of a Rolls-Royce alone requires 450 hours of work to be completed, all by hand. Wood, fine leather, and stainless steel are all used, as well as gold and silver for the Spirit of Ecstasy, the famous winged ornament for the bonnet. Yes, this is gold-plated stainless steel, which is an alternative to solid silver. This is the parallel world of the rich and the super rich. There are customers who have three, four, five, six vehicles in the garage. And there are other customers who have up to 100 vehicles in their garage. What one can say is that our customers usually have a garage akin to the well-stocked wardrobe of others. There are celebrities from film, TV, radio, and royalty. So, they come from everywhere. But, there are also a lot of ordinary business people who have done something in their lives, who have set a goal that they have achieved and want to celebrate. Buying a Rolls-Royce is also a special reason to celebrate. Of course, all our customers are united in that they are very wealthy and have made their fortunes. And they now want to own the best car that you can buy. This is undoubtedly a Rolls-Royce. How can it be that the luxury industry is booming like this, while across Europe there is austerity and benefits are being cut? The explanation is surprisingly simple. The rich of this world have become even richer since the economic crisis in 2009. Each year, they've seen an average increase to their wealth of 6%. In some countries, this increase has been as much as 18%. This can be read in an article in the Global Wealth Report written by the Boston Consulting Group. Who are these rich? How do they live? And how do they manage, even in times of crisis, to become richer? Many of the super rich live in Manhattan, New York. Of the 1,000 billionaires in the world, 58 call this home. At the same time, one in seven Americans currently rely on food stamps and one in six has no health insurance. This is the heart of the financial industry, the largest stock exchange in the world. The financial crisis started and from here it spread to the whole world. Several billion shares are traded here each day. Peter Tuchman is one such trader. He has traded on the New York Stock Exchange for nearly three decades. He was present at the crash of Lehman Brothers, the starting point of the financial and banking crisis. Pictures of him were seen around the world. The impact was huge. It was felt worldwide. So, the anticipation of that, the um you know, no one no one could believe it was really happening. You know, when the market starts going down like that, the the stress is unbelievable, the fear is around. You know, I've been here for 26 years. Besides the crash of '87, I would I think those days were the most exciting for us and and uh scary and fearful. And the energy here was unbelievable. Next to us is a live circuit television broadcast in motion. Manuel Koch, Wall Street correspondent, reports on the rapid developments of the German markets for German investors. The ratios have shifted totally. People used to be happy when you had made a two or three million-dollar profit. Today, we see large companies like Apple who record a six-billion-dollar profit and whose dealers are not even satisfied with that because they were expecting seven billion in one quarter. That's not even turnover. That is pure profit. I imagine many people watching cannot understand how someone with a six-billion-dollar profit is not satisfied. The strong performance of financial markets recently has exacerbated the wealth divide. Whilst property value increases virtually by itself, people without property are becoming poorer. For everybody who's making money, there's somebody who's losing money. To think of it globally, it's hard to say. I mean, people who don't have money are not involved in the market. They've lost their jobs. Uh prices have gone high, commodities went up, prices, you know, the cost of living has gone up. So, granted, if you don't have any money, you have less money now. And if you have money, then you have a lot more money now. So, that makes a lot of sense. Everything here was blocked off for around three months, just like a high-security prison. Many people were escorted around. Of course, it is a shame when you see young people who pay big money for their education, but they currently have no chance in the job market. There used to be opportunities for huge profits here. Hedge fund manager John Paulson made a record five billion dollars here a year ago. You can see quite clearly one can only make such high profits by entering a high-risk situation. It is mostly a risk at the expense of others, i.e. to gain something. For example, in the case of Greece, you bet on the collapse of a country, attempting to make the largest gains. Many think this is morally reprehensible, but it makes no difference for the hedge fund managers because they want to make their profits. They are in the position of kings. One can say that the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. The money of the rich works for them, too. They begin with the capital they have. Even if they only gain a small return, it adds up to more and more. I think it's often the case that people worked hard for their money and it shows in America even more clearly than in Europe. In the US, almost more than any other country, the dream that anyone can do it exists. Klaus Heidegger realized that dream. The former Alpine skier from Tyrol built up a small natural cosmetics company, Kiehl's, into a mega company and eventually sold for a rumored 150 million dollars. He then created the brand MBT with the money, creating healthy shoes with curved soles. Flying is his biggest hobby. He has just flown into the family holiday home in his private plane. How was the flight? Flight was fine. It was fine. I was down in Palm Springs because it's always nice. It was pleasant. The kids are staying at the bottom, my daughter and wife. I fly back again tomorrow. He lives in a beautiful, multi-million-dollar villa set in park with Hollywood-esque surroundings. Outside, a fleet of expensive cars and motorbikes confirm a life of luxury. Klaus has had both family and career luck, having a wife and three children. He has moved from being a skier of humble beginnings to a multi-millionaire living in the world of celebs in sunny California. No, definitely not. The Tyrol is also nice, but there is a very different character here in Venice Beach, California, Los Angeles. America is unique. I think the American dream is that in America you can make it if you work really hard at it. Of course, the options are different. The country is so large with its 300 million people. In Austria, there are 7 and 1/2 million. These are completely different dimensions. I think that because of that, the Americans are very open when it comes to business. Even if something fails once, that's part of the success. One cannot always do things correctly. You'll make mistakes and things fail. The next time you try to do better. That's the success of the Americans. Yet for most, the American dream seems to rarely succeed. Social mobility has become lower than in But American optimism seems undiminished. There are movie actors here. Here at Broad Beach, live people like Dustin Hoffman, Nicolas Cage, Cher. They are all based here in Malibu. Usually on the weekend. They also meet at Starbucks. Yes, many people were my customers. It kills and it's MBT. Dustin Hoffman was wearing MBT, as was Sylvester Stallone. In Kiels, we have had customers like Richard Gere, Heidi Klum, Cindy Crawford, Julia Roberts. We go to Klaus Heidegger's house in Malibu. A second home in which he is investing. Those who can afford to leave their money to do the work, pay only 14% profit tax. Much less than the payroll tax for workers. The rich retain much more, which can then be reinvested. I took up riding since I built the stables. Higher taxes for the wealthy in the US are a hot topic. Klaus Heidegger thinks nothing of it. He's adopted the American mentality, which is less composed of envy and more influenced by the belief in unlimited possibilities. In successful, people look up and say, "I want to do the same." If you drive a good car or whatever, no one says, "This is a show." You have fun with it. People are supportive and say, "I want to do the same." Which would be a great thing. Europe and Austria, there is more envy. I think that's bad, because it's bad for the people to feel envious. It holds you back. I know a lot of rich friends who pay huge amounts of tax. Just as I know those who pay too little. What the Americans have, which the Europeans do not, are foundations, charities as they are called in America. Americans spend a lot of money on charities. When someone reaches a certain level, he must give back to the community. The Americans do this a lot. That's the difference. Lower taxes are always better than too much tax. No one wants to pay more in taxes, including those in Germany. Here, capital gains are taxed at 25%, more than in the US, but far less than the 43% payroll tax that is taken off The gap between winners and losers has increased dramatically. Even with the stagnation in the growth of most manager salaries. In Munich, there is big money. In the suburb of Grünwald, out of every 100 inhabitants, 1/5 have the income of a millionaire, the income of at least 1 million euros a year. We will now go to an especially successful section of Munich. On the 32nd floor of the Highlight Towers, is one of the most modern office buildings in the business district of Schwabing. Roland Berger owns Europe's largest management consultancy firm. It is also one of the largest worldwide, with offices in 40 countries. He also worked his way up from humble beginnings. Today, his fortune is estimated at several hundred million. His collection of modern art alone is worth millions. Behind his desk is a picture by the German artist Georg Baselitz. Germans, as well as Austrians, can interpret a falling eagle in many different ways. Since Baselitz started his paintings 40 years ago, the world has turned upside down. He has taught people that so much in the world is slanted differently. At the height of the economic crisis, Berger advised agency staff to reduce costs by reducing fringe benefits, provision of unpaid overtime, and dismissal of employees. However, he doesn't speak in the same vein today. You should not recycle any citations that may have been made during the economic crisis in 2008 or 2009. Just because the economy has slumped in the world, we should not generalize about such measures. I do not think this leads to anything. It is quite clear that every company must be economically efficient and be more cost-efficient as a standard. Otherwise, people lose their jobs in the company, because the company disappears. Research shows that many companies have used the crisis to their advantage, acting in ways that would have been impossible in a different climate. I do not need a warrant for my success and prosperity. I've worked towards my success. And when at the end, there is some extra money, then I see this as a result of the work's success. The fact is that the upper income groups and lower income groups have drifted apart. This is a sign of globalization. On the other hand, say you have a manager who now works 10 times more intensely as 30 years ago. The complexity and size, that's the absolute responsibility of the MD for the 500,000 or 450,000 jobs in Siemens, is sizeable. I do not feel it is extortionate if an executive of Siemens, who previously earned 2 million Deutschmarks, is now paid 10 million euros. What about responsibility? Why should managers get their bonuses, even when they operate poorly? 10 million euros a year, that's 46,000 euros for each working day. But the really rich are those who increase their wealth by millions each day, and that's without working. Ideally, they live in Switzerland, with bank secrecy and tax packages, a haven for billionaires. Ueli Mäder is a sociologist at the University of Basel and is concerned with social inequality. The disparity in Switzerland is especially large. Here, the richest 2% of the population have as much as the remaining 98%. One of these super rich, Ingvar Kamprad, founder of the furniture retailer IKEA, has been living in the Vaud canton since the 70s. Take the municipality of Epalinges, where Mr. Kamprad lives. The canton of Vaud has a flat tax. That is, if I use the calculations of a tax, then Mr. Kamprad, although worth 50 billion francs, only pays 200,000 francs of tax. This is more than manageable, even if it is raised, especially as he has gained 90 million every day this year. Firstly, in the wake of the financial and economic crisis, it is becoming apparent that enormous profits on the stock exchanges were made possible in that time. And secondly, we can see that during the financial and economic crisis, the rich have gripped the public sector and state in an armlock. While the state saves the banks, keeps wages low, and grants benefits, the rich from other countries can transfer their money here to benefit from the local taxes in Swiss banks. An estimated 44 billion euros of Austrian money is here. Switzerland is a very secretive country. Willing to control the tourist costs that exist in other countries. Switzerland is keen to attract people who have a lot of money. One in 10 billionaires worldwide live in Switzerland. So far, this principle works. We would like to visit Ingvar Kamprad. However, the media-shy multi-millionaire will not receive us. Kamprad's wealth has grown in recent months by 14% or 90 million euros every single day. Yes, this is true. Whether he personally prefers it, who knows. But it is also safe for his money here. Because here he has to pay exceedingly little in taxes. What exactly he pays in taxes, I don't know. He is one of those who benefit from lump sum taxation. This is calculated according to the rent of the house. This may mean that he pays only 200,000 francs. An extremely low amount compared to what would be paid otherwise. Estimated at 2 and 1/2 thousand times the amount. Therefore, Kamprad avoids an estimated 400 million euros in taxes a year. This is controversial. There are those people who only remark on the fact that Mr. Kamprad lives here. And that he brings prestige. And there are others who say it drives up land prices, which is discouraging and disheartening. This leads us to recognize that this is the value that others must have two or three times the amount of francs before they can spend it. This debate is little seen in the Swiss media. The subject of money is considered taboo. Discretion is part of the complete package for rich foreigners. We are in London, a microcosm of Russian high society. They could live anywhere in the world, but London is their preferred place of residence. Low capital levies, security, the best private schools, and a high glamour industry. The hostess arrived 12 years ago with her banker husband from Moscow. She is herself a banker, an engineer, an economist, and is committed to cultural exchanges and charities. Elena Rogozhina, now a publisher, is celebrating the 100th edition of the luxury magazine New Style. A glossy magazine specifically for Russians in London. With articles about the Romanovs and Pushkin. Sponsored by the glamorous luxury brands, real estate, and investment offices specializing in the affluent Russian clients in London. It's a lot of wealthy people. Many of them they have oil, gas, steel businesses, or they have property agency, or something else, bankers, and everything. It's depends. But you know, it's probably it's one Now it's very fashionable to have family in London. And many people moved and husband or continue to fly to Russian and have family here, and it's like lifestyle now. Oligarchs like Roman Abramovich and Boris Berezovsky live in London. As money is no object, the prices are rising fast. London has some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Before Russian come Arabian country, and prices go up when Arabian people started to buy in London property. Then it was Russian. Now it's Chinese. And I know from estate agency, this year is huge boom with Greek and Italian people people because they have crisis and wealthy people trying to protect their money to buying property in England. Everybody thinks that it's very good investment. A top investment would be a house on Chester Square. Plastic overshoes are required during the visit so the luxury property will not be damaged. 800 square feet on six floors, fully furnished, an alarm system, and underfloor heating. The equivalent of 40 million euros. A bargain compared to the 100 million loft in Hyde Park, which the real estate agency also offers. There are enough interested parties. Yes, we've had a lot of interest in it and it's only been on the market for 6 weeks. And we've had a lot of foreign interest from nationals from Saudi Arabia, from Iran, from Malaysia, from America. It's been very diverse. People at this end of the market are looking for a turnkey house, a house that they can move into without doing any work to it. House that they can move into with their family simply with their suitcases and their clothes. They like to buy something with fully furnished. And in this instance, the price we're quoting of 32 and 1/2 million includes all the contents. And you could also purchase all the artwork for another 3.25 million pounds. So, this is the lower ground floor and you have this very nice uh wine storage area with a range of red wines, white wine, champagne. So, you would buy the wine with the house? Absolutely. The wine comes included in the sale of the house. Absolutely. Yeah. And then you have here the gym. So, this is a fully equipped gym. A lot of the Russian buyers who are buying at the moment are actually basing themselves in London. A lot of Russian families moving from Moscow to London. There Last year we sold two houses in Chester Square to Russian families who were sending their children to school here. So, they will actually live here the majority of the time. Other nationalities, we had a Malaysian family who were interested. They will not live here all time. This will be one of several homes they own all over the The 40 million euro house is now sold. As this parallel world of the super rich blossoms, the disparity between the financial top and bottom is increasing. According to forecasts, it will grow even further. And current economic policies will not prevent this, but on the contrary, contribute to it. In the past half hour alone, whilst you have watched this report, the 10 richest people in the world earned 70 million euros. Which is more than most will earn in 10 lifetimes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KristenSeungHeon: I earned lots of money in forex trading now I'm investing in real estate. Money is now working for me!
  2. @jimmypinero: Why is Peter Tuckman still trading on the Floor? LOL.
  3. @marinomusico5768: WHERE'S MANGIONE WHEN WE NEED HIM MOST?
  4. @baksbanny-r7i: This was so fun to watch.
  5. @msmxnznx: Such good vibes in this video.
  6. @lih428bigfogpol: I laughed way too hard at this.
  7. @AryaNorah: The effort really shows.
  8. @قيصرالقيصر-ل4ج: So much value packed in here.
  9. @EsmeHinch: Can’t wait for the next upload!
  10. @RutilioLucca: Your enthusiasm is contagious.
  11. @thu-y9m: I really enjoyed this content.
  12. @anbarasanTR-s6c: The music choice is perfect.
  13. @arnolddamnit: 12:15 changed now
  14. @colbykilan: This was so well thought out.
  15. @rabilahaiwas5901: Utterly
  16. @KetumileMahule: I will not have taxes and debts.
  17. @KetumileMahule: I also want to help people.
  18. @KetumileMahule: I love Rolls Royce.
  19. @KetumileMahule: I will be extremely wealthy and live the billionaire lifestyle.
  20. @Rozanna_Fresh: It's so true. My friend bought herself a brand new Porsche over here in Vienna (Austria).  Her 14 year old daughter's friends stopped coming round because their mothers called her mother an "Angeberin" (show-off, braggart). My friend loves cars and loves everything beautiful and, she can afford it because she works very, very hard. It hurt her so much to see her daughter deserted by her friends because of a Porsche, that she sold the car and just drove her usual Mercedes Benz which seems to be a little less bragging for the Austrians.

- Inside A Luxury Gated Community: How The Super-Rich Live | Millionaire Neighbourhood Tour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there's a way to make an entrance my destiny it was now a conspiracy of witches download veli today in this luxury car are courtney and her husband norman a television producer hi oh my gosh so great to see you nice to see you too we're so excited the couple are looking for a new house for them and their future children they have a very big budget six million dollars and a new close friend kristin their estate agent kristen fully intends on wowing them today this is a beautiful 10 000 square foot home that's on the market for 5.5 million so let's go take a look perfect awesome it's this huge mansion 900 square meters across three levels it's very high-end okay so the kitchen is super open great concept um has abundant appliances and kristin has another selling point the views over las vegas courtney is a huge fan so what do you think babe these views are just breathtaking i love the views i love how open it is it's just beautiful let's go look and see what else the mansion has a vast array of luxury features and a master suite which is completely opened up to the outside imagine saturday morning waking up opening this up and just enjoying the view with some coffee absolutely a great way to wake up the couple are already picturing themselves living here and the bathroom look at this marble oh and there's a tv and the huge dressing room will definitely win over courtney who seems to be loving it here already i love this i love when they have the center yeah it's so nice you can lay out all your stuff she likes it i'm happy happy wife happy life this whole closet will be mine and he can take the guest closet and the showstopper so you've got this beautiful infinity pool overlooking the strip norman and courtney seem spellbound the view and the luxury of course but that's not all they have visited this mansion because it is located in a gated community a secure estate a private property with forbidden access to non-residents and extreme security we've got two entrances they're both guard gated 24 hours a day we have two guards at each station and then we also have broken security that's 24 hours security is precisely what inhabitants in gated communities are looking for norman and courtney are no exception living in a gated community is of high priority in our lives and we're not interested in looking at houses outside of a community no just like that just because we travel and i like knowing that there's a guard at the front i don't have to worry about my home the couple will also be able to make the most of a large number of luxurious facilities is there a fitness facility or pilates or anything like that on this property yes so in addition to the clubhouse we have a whole tennis and athletic center oh wow and there's basketball courts the whole fitness center has massage and spa and a great pilates studios with tons of reformers and great equipment top of the line oh that is so exciting i like that i would love that americans are opting for these gated communities more and more but they aren't the only ones more and more these secure estates are appearing across the globe and are shaping new residences of the future gated communities they are the new housing trend entire private neighborhoods under high protection sometimes spanning several hundreds of hectares and generally reserved for the super rich this is our most expensive lot that we have in mcdonald highlands it's on the market for 6.3 million dollars so just for the luck just for the lot residents here live a life of luxury which is very exclusive and difficult to attain without lots of money other people you know it's a little bit more quiet you don't have to fight for your machines in america in certain states almost half of new constructions are in gated communities seen as ghettos for the rich the residences here are self-segregated from the outside world it's it's an upscale community so the people have the money to do a lot of extracurricular things to travel to play sports you know golf what we enjoy doing this trend of self-segregation is also developing in france among celebrities and the richest in society like villa mombarrancy which is home to small gems within the heart of paris or parde montretu the oldest gated community in san cle in the paris region but the peace and security of these areas are now attracting more modest social classes which can sometimes create conflict in certain neighborhoods barriers in the middle of town which the neighbors now have to make their way around for several years these unusual housing estates have been constructed in other countries like bulgaria where the most well-off are trading often dilapidated buildings in favor of secure detached houses behind the scenes businessmen have sniffed out the huge market opportunity and are ready to profit from any opportunity and then everybody 900 guys waiting outside and we with the cash boxes for several months we managed to infiltrate these extremely closed-off ghettos for the rich an investigation into the golden prisons behind these fences which tower like never before las vegas located in nevada in the u.s this city is best known for its big hotels casinos slot machines and its overall wow factor it attracts 36 million visitors each year however it's not just tourists here in the middle of the desert there are almost 600 000 people who live in las vegas year round it's in fact the most populated city in nevada yet on a daily basis the locals often want to escape all this excitement to live a calmer life far from the strip so a gated community is the perfect option at mcdonald highlands one of the largest and most luxurious residential neighborhoods in the city round-the-clock security is the number one priority here the 1500 residents have an electronic beeper which grants them easy entry but the cleaners gardeners and workers are forced to sit in a traffic jam each morning and are required to show their ids pull up a little bit more right and like all mornings it's billy who screens the visitors driver license sir and your company first each employee must state the address they're visiting he's going to the view which is partial 18. so i type in partial 18 silver lake right up top so we just click on silver lake admit the entry condition is that you must be on the list of guests established by the owners a list which billy accesses from his miniature computer but that's not all he's still going to take additional precautions new license plate number 03e i scan their id makes it a lot faster make sure the picture comes out nice and clear for each visitor billy registers the car's license plate number and scans their driving license before issuing this pass grab the pass and the id at the same time it's data collection taken to the extreme unthinkable in europe and when visitors aren't on the pre-established guest list billy takes no risks and calls the residents directly hi it's billy at the stephanie gate i have uh raphael construction here working with your birthday construction for you uh they're doing the remodel work over there do you want to put them on for two weeks or just call you every day two weeks these tedious controls have just one goal protecting the private neighborhood's rich residents the people who live in here are worth a lot of money we have people who run major corporations we have a few celebrities some you know pro football players basketball players you know baseball players and they don't want people coming in here you know paparazzi and taking pictures and driving around the community when they're not supposed to be here that's the purpose of living in a gated community they want their privacy so it's a secure and private life for residents and a full screening for visitors welcome to the mcdonald highlands neighborhood behind these fences over 1500 people lead a peaceful life out of sight in a neighborhood that feels like the epitome of luxury 400 hectares designed around an 18-hole golf course with a view over the strip 500 high-class houses worth up to 20 million dollars a swimming pool a gym tennis courts and even a private club with a bar and two restaurants a small village in the middle of the desert where ken ceo of a large construction firm in nevada and his wife michelle live they've lived here for 10 years and every day make the most of their gated community beautiful morning their day begins at sunrise with a morning sports session there's no need to leave their secure neighborhood for there's a private fitness center reserved just for residents right by their house how are you good to see you good to see you guys how are you good you guys ready ready don't kill us three times a week they call on alex their personal trainer who can be hired from the gated community for fifty dollars an hour on the agenda today is boxing weight lifting and some other strenuous exercises but michelle and ken love coming to train here in this private fitness suite usually if you're in a regular workout room there's a lot of people and if you're doing sets you might have to wait for a machine in the middle of your set which is an inconvenience okay good a semi-deserted fitness center personal trainers on call and that's not all at eight a.m michelle's sporting day has barely even begun after a romantic workout ken leaves for work as for michelle she has changed clothes she meets up with her friends for a game of tennis still within the gated first they hit some balls with a coach before playing a doubles match very aggressive marty one hour in the fitness center with her husband the next hitting balls with her friends good get marty michelle who was a housewife doesn't have time to get bored thanks to her gated community she's doing activities non-stop good job nice job ladies all right that's it girls thank you appreciate it a few hours later she's in her third outfit of the day this time for an all-female golf tournament organized that afternoon just a few meters away from her home is it far away from just across the street it's the middle of the week yet there's a crowd made up of just the housewives living here and they have not only come to learn how to play golf i i will definitely meet new people here because there's a lot of people here that i don't know this is what you would expect yeah yeah yeah it just gives you an opportunity to know more people quite rightly michelle needs to find a partner for this round of golf it will be this lady natalie she also lives in the neighborhood the two women didn't know each other before but they've already found something in common so this is why we're here two beginners who share a few holes and end up getting to know each other my babies are 23 have twin boys where are they are they near five your kids are no um my one of my youngest just graduated from unr and is moving to south carolina one in houston one in utah and one in california [Applause] socializing doing sport meeting new people all without ever having to leave the gated community michelle cannot see herself living anywhere else you will live somewhere else than inside the gated community no not anymore just because when you live in a gated community you're insured there isn't going to be a lot of noise everything the landscaping the roads the lighting everything will be kept up there's a little bit more security and and then you have all these amenities so why would i live anywhere else i don't think i would and even in the evening michelle and ken never have to go far to meet for a drink this is the residences bar an opportunity to spend time with other members of the estate ken and michelle's neighbors did you learn anything no i'm great i'm going to i'm going to get better acquaintances or friends who clearly share the couple's interests charlotte did a great job when it is rather elitist sports and confidence in lucrative investments it's up for 7.99 here you can talk about big money without taboo for in this luxury residence all neighbors have the same living standard they are business heads investors or high sports people high-powered people who clearly do not want to mix with ordinary people if the people that live around you aren't able to do the things that you can do then you either don't do the things you want to do and you stay home or you find people who are like-minded who are at a same level of financial security i guess you'd say that can afford to do some of the extra things in life that we enjoy doing and that's that's what we find here is most of the people here can afford to go on a vacation or can afford to take a tennis lesson or take up golf good to see you there's an instilled sense of self-seclusion but to live here co-owners must sign this document upon arrival internal rules which are very strict and six pages long among the instructions are it is forbidden for children under 14 to walk around alone skateboards and scooters are prohibited no noise after 10 pm during the week or midnight on saturdays and houses must respect very precise specifications subject to a committee and we will see that the owners are not interested in breaking these rules year round the mcdonald highlands neighborhood employs 80 people including gardeners in charge of maintaining the green spaces and security guards and among them are paul and lisa employees at the association of property owners they have a very specific task in the community making sure that the houses are well taken care of down to the last detail once a month they go round the estate to report any offenses committed by the property owners looks like he hasn't taken his christmas lights down no don't expect huge crimes here they put right the tiniest issues the christmas lights must come down the first offense of the day christmas decorations in the middle of may it seems trivial but it is banned so for the these lights in particular there's a written rule that says you have a certain amount of days before and after the holiday to put up your traditional lighting then you got to take it back down might be 30 days before and 30 days after the holiday that you're allowed to do temporary lighting lisa takes photos to send to the owners of this house with a letter asking them to take the decorations down if it is not done within three months they will have to pay a fine it depends on the infraction for these type of violations for property maintenance they assess fines of fifty dollars every seven days so uh we can't assess a fine more than a hundred dollars every seven days the fines range between fifty and a hundred dollars every week until the problem is resolved we can get him a letter note he's gonna take his lights down and that's the case for all kinds of small offenses like damaged fences yeah this one's really rusted out dead palm tree leaves palm fronds that need to be removed at this property yeah a hole in the wall there's that whole hole in the wall they haven't fixed yet in total that morning these aesthetics police have reported a dozen offenses if all the properties are kept looking nice it helps maintain the value of your own property so yes it's just aesthetics and it's not a big deal but it's a response to people who had neighbors who wouldn't take care of things that aren't a big deal they choose to live in an association area and they choose to live in a gated community the residents have accepted these strict rules they've even got themselves a highway patrol to keep an eye on them not far away the car patrols all day long larry who's 71 is the most senior member of the employees and head of security you got to try not to block things this sheriff-like employee takes his role very seriously he rules over a network of several dozen kilometers of private streets you need to move your truck on the other side he spends his day ensuring that the residents and employees respect the rules the rules are parking is sidewalk side once you get your equipment unloaded i need you to be over here how about i just park in our park that's fine thanks a small reminder but larry does not settle for playing good cop a few meters ahead he settles down to do a speed control and to do that he draws out his fatal weapon a mobile radar and bit of patience in the community speed is limited to 20 miles an hour this white car is driving at 33 miles an hour the offense is noted but there will not be a pursuit so as not to disturb the neighborhood however larry will get all information about the offender with a simple phone call yeah jane he calls the people who register all of the information on those who enter the community you have a wide focus with california plates come through remember as a security measure the driver's id the number plate and the model of her car are recorded on entry as a result larry's colleague has all the necessary information who is she again christina alvarado the name address license plate number all you need to send a fine to this housemate she does not live in the community however she will not escape this completely legal fine got it okay the cost of this fine is forty dollars and residents can also be charged would afford you would like to live here why i don't like to be told what to do uh that's me personally you like to tell people what they have to do but you don't have why do you think i'm the boss rules that must be followed to the letter and a few extra charges in order to live in this community you have to pay all of these security guards activities infrastructure maintaining 400 hectares and a pleasant green golf course in the middle of the desert it all costs a lot of money so you're paying the bills michelle and ken like all of the other residents are co-owners of the common spaces so to maintain everything they pay fees to the co-owners association each month the first bill is 340 per month for maintaining communal areas and security next ken and michelle have a 300 monthly subscription to enjoy the sports and still it is required to be a member or to have a membership when you're when you buy a house in the in the neighborhood this 300 membership is compulsory and it's not the only expense demanded by mcdonald highlands so then at the club we have a food and beverage minimum that we have to spend it is 300 per quarter and so we have to either eat at the club and spend our three hundred dollars you know on food there or if you don't spend it that charge you that anyways in total each month they must spend at least 740 and the same goes for all 500 homeowners so each year mcdonald's highlands collects 4.5 million dollars to look after everything more than 10 million americans have chosen this way of life but the u.s isn't the only place where these gated communities exist the concept has even been around in france since the 19th century the first gated communities were created here in the paris region the oldest is the park de montre on paris higher land napoleon iii was its first resident a century before the le pen family and now an oscar-winning actor in the center of paris many industry tycoons and showbiz stars live in the famous villa montmorency in the 16th avendis mount or in the newest gated community the villa grenell in the seventh arrondissement but in france you no longer need to be extremely rich to live behind fences in the south of france marseille holds the record number of gated communities attractions like the old port the basilica and the velodrome make it a nice place to live but the mediterranean town is also one of serious violence drug dealing and is the capital of organized crime in forty years more than fifteen hundred gated communities have been built in marseille in the aventis month a residential area is cuan jolie although it's not a high luxury community four years ago in a general meeting the co-owners voted for the area to be closed off with eight fences now there are around 100 homes there which are often stylish but far from the huge american style mansions however here too access is forbidden to strangers and to cameras as well we attempt nevertheless to understand why these co-owners want to close off their community robberies anti-social behavior this is what must have pushed the residents to close themselves off marseilles 9th avendis mont however is not known for its crime so could there perhaps be other reasons which led them to put up fences for julian dario a geographical researcher who specializes in gated communities in marseille security could in fact just be an excuse for no more need to share parking spaces calmer less traffic in short improving life's comfort as well as security but how are the quan jolie residents able to close off an entire neighborhood to understand let's go to the emarsei university with julian dario the researcher after five years of field work he knows the town and its gated communities like the back of his hand have a gated communities in marseille that's almost 15 percent of the land in 50 years fenced off areas have multiplied in marseille completely legally for certain areas were already private built since the 30s by developers at the town's request following a housing emergency so decades later the residents are entitled to do this foreign however the procedure is relatively simple a request to the mayor which is usually granted since in france property rights are unrestricted leonel roya perrot is the mayor of the 9th and 10th arrondissement in marseilles he tried to oppose fencing off the quan jolie area the community in the 9th aventis month but in reality there's nothing he can do um and these closures could well structure the private road network must be maintained by the residents from now on and that's not all every time an area is closed the in spite of these additional costs residents in cuanjoli have kept the fences however not all of them are in favor during the vote at the general meeting six homeowners opposed it fabienne lives in this house in cuangioli having lived here for 24 years she has always been against setting up fences first a gate at the end of her road and a few meters further another completely sealed barrier particularly completely so fixed posts anti-intrusion spikes and no pedestrian access a self-segregation that fabienne does not support at all the eight fences which surround her community have turned her daily life upside down the children fabienne is talking about are students from neighboring areas they used to use these streets in the mornings and evenings to get to school but since it's been closed off access has become much more complicated sarah le favre has been living in a house outside the gates and the closed community for 12 years five years ago she found out about the construction of this gate at the end of her road since then her day-to-day life has changed especially when she walks her son silva to school for seven years sarah cut through the cuangeoli neighborhood to drop her son off at school now she has to go around cuangioli and follow a rather unexpected route across this collapsed wall every morning is an impractical dangerous path which has been left abandoned for years the other side is the route which goes around the gated community a pretty long way but more importantly it's even more dangerous a few hours later at the end of school she agrees to show us the route she fears sylvan and for good reason it's a real source of stress for this mother sarah has felt excluded since the installment of these fences they have become a headache even for certain cuangoli residents we met up with fabienne again inside the gated community today she's invited friends around for a cup of tea at her home just four people but it takes a lot of work the first guest is her mother and she has to open the gate for her voila fabienne goes out to greet her mother so as to avoid a tedious procedure something that fabienne does not wish to inflict on her mother the other guests won't enjoy this preferential treatment they must use the intercom we and each time fabienne has to re-explain the whole procedure the whole process is rather absurd until finally she can enjoy tea with her and her guests don't understand this system either living hidden away protected the gated community model is developing across the world the trend has even spread to eastern countries and the market is proving to be very lucrative like in bulgaria after 40 years under communism the country joined the european union and its capital sophia are 1.4 million residents and europe's lowest minimum wage at 235 euros per month although the town center definitely doesn't lack charm the buildings are often worn down and degraded yvonne who's 45 years old is the vice president of the sofia municipal council every day to go to work he goes through sofia and the area where he used to live so this is where we used to live in this entrance at the top at the roof of the building he and his wife lived right here in the center of town in a small apartment with a balcony on the top floor of this building the main issue is that it's a very busy street so it was packed with traffic packed with cars now it looks like a highway noise traffic jams and the pavements here are far from the sanitized streets of gated communities you see all those ugly payments when you have a small kid or or a stroller to to carry the baby this is really not the perfect way you you expect to have your payment funny to admit for this municipality official ivan has even opted for a change of environment even if it means turning his back on his town he has moved to 10 or so kilometers from the center of sofia into this totally gated community in the american style with fences cameras and security guards exactly like in the united states he and his wife svobada along with their son alexander have bought their dream apartment 196 meters squared and a big garden which is nearly 300 meters squared finally i feel a big relief because first of all we were living in a much smaller apartment with all these toys and things we were really you know full and packed with many stuff so now it's really a big relief to move in something something big and it's a well-suited apartment for having friends over like this french couple who arrived the previous day this morning ivan and svobada offered them a tour of their new paradise and here up to three secure accesses with barriers and guards at the gate a security that evon appreciates even more now that he is a dad if you don't have children and you don't have to worry about anything else having a security with the barriers and the lifeguards they actually watch around they have cameras at night they're watching the the perimeter and that's not all the residence is overflowing with facilities fitness offices a fitness center with a pool football pitches and basketball courts but also there is a nursery a hair salon a variety of shops and restaurants and even a chapel all within a gated community it's a real man-made village so it's like living in a big hotel in a way it's like living in a small town in the big town yes that's probably the perfect explanation a town in which everyone has the same standard of living a really quite comfortable one people who have a very busy day life people who have their profession and careers most of the people are working in multinational companies there are people working in the banks in the insurance business in the transportation construction and there's even a vip living here the house over there is probably the biggest house he become very busy with his professional career and then he become a minister and then president this man is rossen prevnelliev the president of bulgaria from 2012 to 2017 powerful and highly influential neighbors security shops yvonne no longer wants to leave this life of comfort so this weekend are you going out of the game one hour we are going now i don't know i still have things to do at home you [Laughter] however to live here and benefit from the security and comfort they must pay each month ivan and svobada pay around 300 euros that's a huge amount in bulgaria it's more than the local minimum wage and svobada is a bit uneasy about broaching the issue why we are talking about prizes of apartments and we were talking all the time with that we are going to speak about lifestyle we are going to speak about community 300 euros in charges that's twice her mother's pension svobada struggles to accept it in fact for ivan and svobada it is tough to openly accept what they spend for a comfortable life in this country which has historically remained quite poor this man knew how to make a profit from the newly rich he's the owner of residential park his offices look over the community giorgi ranchev is a property developer a pioneer in gated communities in bulgaria however he began with very different constructions the residential park is just our second largest project where we started more than 20 years ago is the business park sofia business park an entire area of offices made up of modern buildings for the time the first building was the yellow one actually and from there it started and then we developed building by building adding more and more office space and more and more clients as a result hundreds of businesses move there on the outskirts of sofia fifteen thousand people work there but they are far from their homes and the center of town by talking to all the people and the business guys from the community it came the idea that they would like to live nearby because of the traffic because of the jumps because of the parking problems and we started acquiring plots this is how the idea for the gated community was born a small town for the executives of these companies with housing shops and all the necessary comforts today gyorgy's company still owns the land with the exception of the houses so he manages the residence like a small business one of his tasks is maintaining the communal spaces today with his associate he wants to do up the community's shared spaces beginning with the empty land next to the chapel georgie wants to install some small covered benches but the problem is that these installations which are over 2 meters tall come at a price a bench like 10 000 euros probably we are willing to invest something between 30 40 000 every year giorgi invests 1 million euros into the residence taking special care of his 1600 residents whom he doesn't want to lose because his success has created rivalry and for several months the competitor has been copying gyorgy's idea just a few meters away from residential park is a huge building site another community with offices sports centers restaurants and even a school so behind the scenes gyorgy is preparing a counter-attack he has decided to build a whole new residence just a bit further from the center today the businessman has met with his associates on the new land which he has bought 20 kilometers from sofia he'd like to work out the appearance of the final project in more concrete terms his architects give a tour it has to be said that at the moment it's rather difficult to picture a huge residence here on this vast land a bit in the middle of nowhere yes it is more or less yes presidential power stopping from the very beginning was the same location in the middle of nowhere it was even worse i think in the residential park there was nothing just a big tree he wanted this land so much that he negotiated with farmers accepting their rather surprising square meters conditions 200 000 euros cash they wanted to to see the cash these were guys from the villages from german from lozen and they didn't trust anybody it's like local village people a lot of cash and some cold sweat and i'm 10 o'clock in the night it was in the basement and then everybody 100 guys waiting outside and we with the cash in boxes and i say what do we do if this guy doesn't come and i'm with the boxes with the cash at the end he came and in one hour we spreaded the cash they counted it went away happy giorgi seems sure of himself it must be said that this land has a huge asset its location it's going to be extended and we are going to connect to it and there is an existing road once the rink road is going to to expand it's going to be very fast to go downtown an expressway leading into the center of sofia just next to the future gated community it's clearly worth it three years before the first houses are built clients are already rushing i'm currently we have sold as reservations more than 100 houses out of we are signing like five to 10 reservations per week so by the end of june everything we believe if we keep the same speed would be booked a full house since filming all of the project's new homes have been reserved

  Top Comments:
  1. @victorfontaine4943 [24 likes]: In my experience I’ve realized that the town doesn’t change, the people do. I wonder why the super rich don’t drive Tesla or want windmills and solar panels everywhere but tell everyone else to do it…
  2. @trayw9091 [13 likes]: These seems so lonely omg
  3. @bryanperalta3885 [11 likes]: everything looks soo boring, even the people
  4. @whatchoicesrthere5333 [11 likes]: MICHELLE SEEMS LIKE THE NOSEY NEIGHBOR WHO ALL THE WOMEN ARE AFRAID OF.
  5. @cocobutterchin6768 [6 likes]: I will Love To Be Livng That Lifestyle Of A Housewife With No Housewife Chores. Just Play Tennis, Golf and Gym Housewife
  6. @Ace-gi4bp [5 likes]: The poorer wider society gets, the more these gated communities will pop up.
  7. @PaulanCollins7585 [3 likes]: If you believe it you shall achieve it ... peaceful ❣️🙏
  8. @TTailled [3 likes]: can the illegal immigrants target these areas please?
  9. @zzzzipy12 [3 likes]: I want to be the rebel in the first community! 😂
  10. @timbaktuthankgod2737 [2 likes]: Hanging Christmas decoration in May is a "violation" and "problem"? Rich or woke - both are HIGHLY sensitive nowadays or shall I plainly state it as imbecile?
  11. @Susan-md6nd [2 likes]: If I had their money, I would buy way out in the bush🎉 There nobody tells us what we can and can't do👍
  12. @TheStaticCoder [2 likes]: Oh I miss living in Marseille  💕
  13. @timmytommy69 [1 likes]: affair paradise
  14. @nemanjavidojkovic8970 [1 likes]: Rich fascists ,hidden behind the gate.
  15. @Ones_Complement: Most of these people vote for open borders.
  16. @uniqtraveller2162: Excellent insight
  17. @timbaktuthankgod2737: Instead closing off and hiding behind gates in France which is defensive; they should kick the Arabs and blacks out and open up!
  18. @timbaktuthankgod2737: Blacks and Arabs, with exceptions, are better off in Africa honestly. All the security is another name for PREVENTION AREAS AGAINST BLACK AND ARAB CRIME.
  19. @hikurangi1879: I love how they said after fining the housemaid that residents are also fined like that's fair or something lol
  20. @sophiatheisen565: this is the goal

- Feeding The Super Rich: How Billionaires Eat: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich we've got clients who are royalty multi-billionaires this is Jay-Z and Beyonce's house champagne for once of a better description and feeding them has become big business will cost you 8,700 the Exel s uh 1,400 per kilo it's a lot of money today's International Jet Set expect the very finest food and drink I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff expensive very expensive provided by a private network of luxury suppliers these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs to survive in this competitive market they must produce more than just food they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in a whole different world a lot of our clients use us to show off I mean that's why they come to us it's genius it's a genius idea they must satisfy the whims and excesses I'm having a coconut fit right now delicious it works of the world's most demanding clients they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world when you're rich having the very best food isn't just about the taste it's about showing off and impressing your friends one lady hoping to wow her friends is Jory white an important Milestone is approaching and she wants to celebrate with a party it's her 17th wedding anniversary I want something that's going to blow everybody's mind with food and drink and something that's theatrical and extraordinary if you really want to impress someone and make them remember the experience for months and years to come you really need to take that step further and give them something that is super sensory and super experiential and that's what I'm hoping to get Jury has chosen bubble food to cater at her anniversary party pioneers of Molecular Gastronomy they're famous in cele and millionaire circles for their Innovative use of Technology attention to detail and creative presentation people now want food to be entertainment they want it to be a spectacle and they're quite willing to pay a lot of money for it people don't expect just to eat good food now they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in in a whole evening in a whole different world boss Michael must pitch bubble's very best ideas to jury to wow her they're going to have to pull out all the stops can I have a glass of wine please calm me down a bit the dinner party will cost more than £10,000 it's a laborious process of pitches and tastings to perfect the menu because it's a 17th weding anniversary I think it would be quite nice to propose um 17 century moments throughout the evening it's a tying with the number really to give a little bit more of a viso touch let's do this hey jury's husband photographer Adrien is joining her for the pitch to meet you good thanks nice to meet you Michael knows how to do it his team know how to do it and the chefs are all so fantastic I think the type of people we've got coming obviously have been to lots of different events before so they're not easily impressed but impress they must so bubble will tailor the evening specifically to jury whims and wishes I'm having a coconut fit right now because coconut is where it's at yeah and so I really want to do something with coconut I mean we can incorporate anything into the menu I mean that's that's not a problem as well as coconut jewry loves truffles so the team has devised a truffle hunting experience guests will hunt through a box of leaves to find truffle flavored canop so it's in it's in the wooden box filled with kind of leaves um and bark like a ham and truffle CET so truffles I'm up for it Adrian's exhibition is all about it's coming together big time and it's all about trees and Forest maybe we we go down that road a bit that really excites me cool cool but when you when you take the canop you have to put these headphones on which are um snorting pigs I'm not going to be 100% sure that I'm going to choose to do that but I really would like don't mind trying it at all you'll try it at the tasting and you'll love it you're going to love it because it's such a talking point there'll be eight courses at the dinner party and each one must be approved by jury and Adrien the Truffle dish won't be signed off until they try it next week at the tasting so you're going to have to live up to the game baby you you need to up the anti and do a wow super job every Morel needs to be super tasty it will don't you worry Don't You it be amazing the last party that Michael did for us was probably three or four years ago and people still about that party it was so amazing a lot of our clients use us to us showing off is important to Britain's new Elite and being the first to try the most exclusive club or the latest culinary hit is a good way to get ahead new places new clubs new restaurants a lot of rich people around so they're ready to pay today something new has arrived in Mayfair a group of wealthy socialites have gathered to try this latest food fashion it's a Scargo pearls or snail's eggs to the rest of us snail caviar is a luxury item on the continent we're trying to introduce it here um so obviously it's the first time producers Sophie and Mike have done a Mayfair tasting it's not a flavor that sits on it's a tough a to impress which includes former Mrs Russia Maran smirnova I like K but just a little bit scary to eat this white one I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff and I don't think any new stuff can beat the old stuff M that's nice not taste like real Cav it's it's different very different isn't it very very different it kind of rolls in the mouth and flops the real one but this is much harder fresh snail caviar isn't yet on sale in the capital but that could all be about to change I like it more I prefer this one just really don't know where to buy maybe in haret the tasting has been a success but it's early days for Sophie and Mike's fledgling business I love it it's painstakingly produced it takes forever it's labor intensive and it is a labor of love Sophie and Mike don't just sell the caviar they make it a far cry from Swanky Mayfair at home in Alsbury in their back Garden he's just waking up he likes the warmth from my finger that's it he's curious now he's going to come out and have a look Sophie and Mike became snail Farmers by accident when Sophie ordered some edible snails online by the time they arrived to us they're all crawling around and I couldn't bring myself to eat them so we kind of kept them as pets then the obvious thing happened 21 days later Bingo we had more snails than you can ever imagine so they started a business selling around the UK gorgeous what they had to learn fast and I believe I can run the Peace of American thank you very much download V eyes are on the stalk and the two tentacles go out the front they solely feelers but that's not the strangest thing about snails they fire darts from their heads to arouse their Partners you can never stop learning there is always something we snail will do that's a bit bizarre you think wow snails are hermaphrodites with both male and female reproduction organs after mating for up to 12 hours both Partners lay eggs and being snails they do that in a rather weird way too so he puts his head into the cup and at the last minute he twists his body a little turns his head on one side and they lay their eggs out of their head and then we're left with the caviar you'll see some of them all lay 20 to 30 eggs and some of them all lay 100 or more before they can be sold the eggs must be washed and painstakingly sorted it takes a long time which is obviously why we have to come on on the price because the amount of Labor that goes into this Sophie is the only snail caviar producer in the UK so if she can crack the luxury Food Market there's big money to be made you got 12 G for € 29 SO2 ,400 per kilo it's a lot of money if you've got more money than most showing off on holiday with a super yacht is just the ticket it's Midsummer and the south of France is a wash with mega yachts and mega spending on all things extravagant this is Arman De Brat this is Jay-Z and Beyonce is house champagne for want of a better description about 200€ 250 a bottle though so um what's so lovely about this is that The Branding is so understated isn't it it's not at all tacky is it yeah certainly some of our clients like a bit of bling Simon O'Neal runs a company called penum supplying the finest food and drink to the biggest and brashest boats on the coat henm is Latin for Provisions it's also the a of penis as my father told me um so he's a Latin scholar which wasn't very good after we've done all The Branding but no penam is penam is the Latin for victuals and to provision prior to departure the kazour is a tightly knit and competitive Place Simon's been running penum for 3 years and so far business is booming furthest one is one of our clients as is this nearest one quite modern looking the richest people in the world own these boats it's as simple as that multi-billionaires they are the most incredible expression of wealth she's probably 75 80 M long you've got to be looking at 100 million plus for that we've got clients who are royalty we've got clients who are multi-billionaires the majority of the people that charter boats are just incredibly wealthy or high-profile individuals but they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world Van's going to leave tomorrow morning to go to Italy Simon buys whatever the super yters want and delivers it to them wherever and whenever they need it Dairy fruit veg meat fish laundry toilet paper expensive bottles of wine the whole Gambit everything that you could potentially require and we have to go to some considerable lengths to get what it is at the client wants it's not for us to decide whether the Manuka Honey is important or not we just need to get it who's this for sparkling vodka what are they going to come up with next with new boats arriving every day it's the busiest time of year to make money for Simon and his team we're right in the middle of the Season at the moment we've got five months of the year in which to make our money orders are coming in on a regular basis and the team's at full stretch so it is as busy as it can get in Alsbury Sophie and Mike have gone from keeping a few snails as pets to becoming Farmers trying to distribute flour onto the The Damp leaves and the this evening the snails will come up pretty much eat the lot they now have a field full of snails being fattened up to sell to restaurants as aaru they're ravenous at this age the first ones we put in 2 weeks ago are huge already growing the business has been been a challenge as Sophie suffers from multiple sclerosis it affects my legs it affects my hands and it affects my Mobility for me because I'm not as mobile is sometimes so frustrating because I have to rely on someone to do something for me can you move this can you lift this sometimes it is so totally frustrating she's amazing see it is totally amazing I couldn't have done it on my own I couldn't do what she do Sophie's determined to expand the business by pushing their snail caviar into the luxury Food Market they've already attracted the attention of michelin's starred Chef Aiden burn I first discovered the caviar on the doorchester it was horrible but then we started buying snails snails with snails she said that we've uh you know we've got this snail cavar and so she sent it in and and and I tasted it and it wasn't anything like what I remembered it to be you know the flavor is a little bit more refined it's not as soily it's just always there to bounce ideas with if I've got an idea that I want to do something can just pick up the phone and it's great at400 a kilo Aiden uses the caviar sparingly It's the final garnish for his signature snail and razor clam starter pleas it's a it's a bloody expensive ingredient we quite literally put about eight or 10 pearls on each plate with it on the plate I have to sell the plate for5 more there we go amazing your snails but Aiden points out a major problem with Mike and Sophie's business plan it needs a reliable Supply we get it very sporadically you know we'll phone up and say we've got no cavar can we get some oh it'll be another 3 weeks before we can have some and then it'll just turn off out the blue the suppliers unreliable because the fresh eggs only last a week but after a month experimenting in the kitchen Sophie thinks she's found a way to preserve them without altering the taste this could have a massive impact on our business it's love dust simple as that we're producing something that's got a lot of love so it's got love dust the secret love dust is sent off to the lab for testing Sophie must wait three months to find out if it could transform her business it's High season on the coat desure and the mega Rich are jostling for space to show off their super Yachts the Yachts can cost up to a million pound a week to Charter so whilst on board the guests naturally expect the very best food and drink this is mar Town's top CV €3,000 sold to the gentleman in the front row proper bit of bling isn't it at penam it's their busiest time of year Simon and his team are working flat out to complete orders 500 mil that you have you know what they're like they leave this all to the last minute they expect us to move mountains so give me a shout when you're on deck and we can run through the order this is a couple of thousand EUR a bottle very difficult to get a hold of client wants to we've got them the whiskey is part of a 12,000 order to be sent to a yacht in a Bea but it's not all expensive booze this become a superfood in the UK I have no idea but everybody wants kale why yeah I mean this year it seems that kale is the food trend of the Season Goji berries was last year the year before was Manuka Honey hemp protein seems to be a favorite wheat germ powder not for us to ask could we just get on the supply like toilet paper everybody's got to wipe their ass we're required to get them everything that they they could possibly want from us the world will stop turning if Madame doesn't have her zero% soy milk yogurt in glass jars that was the only thing Madame was going to be eating and drinking for the next two to three weeks well she got it but luckily her husband spent the thick end of 20,000 on fine wine so it made it all worth everybody's wild to do it whilst every billionaire enjoys the Finer Things in life there are a few items on the list that are more familiar to the rest of us Simon's assistant Paul is at Jeff the south of France's very own Corner Shop full of British products at coat do your prices so this will cost you about £250 in the UK by the time it arrives here and it's on the Shelf we're looking at probably around 8 but the time we mark it up and we sell it onto the yacht looking at maybe 11 possibly 12 that's nearly nine of our British pounds so you could say it's the most expensive Marmite in the world with a Marmite safely packed the van will drive down the coast to Spain catch a ferry to a Bea and rendevu with a super yacht probably what you've got in here is probably about 15,000 worth of produce it's just because it's got so much wine it's a little bit of expensive bits and pieces lots of lots of Fine Chocolates yeah so someone will'll be parying on someone's boat tomorrow with lock next up I beef in London luxury Caterers bubble have been hard at work creating bespoke dishes for jewry and adrianne's anniversary party today they must find finze the menu it's going to be so much fun I honestly I can't wait to give all of our friends such a complete taste sensation and kind of visual sensory kind of overawing kind of whoo what's going on they're all going to have so much fun and I know for a fact that they'll talk about it for ages to come so this is a little taco for Chris with Hamachi King Fish M yum lovely presentation with the with the hours every dish must be tasted critiqued and signed off by jury before it can be served at the party next week our next canipe is a little bit of dice native Lobster t with black radish and gold leaf very nice very nice bubble of presenting some of the world's most costly ingredients served not just as food but as theater house smoked sea trout with much the mayonnaise is that's a good one this is the one I was talking to time for the show stop a box filled with leaves hiding tiny truffle flavored canopies that be the sound aspect guests must root through the box like pigs hunting truffles in a forest what going on there that's kind of cool I like that to help get into character headphones play the sounds of oinking pigs T that enough actually you need to put that on there when you do it it's really good that's delicious where's another one I'm sure I recognize one of those pigs very very nice so I think Jory if you maybe sit here after truffling success time for the mains but first bubble have another surprise they've scentered the napkins with personally tailored oil perfume so for jewry it's the all important coconut coconut Center towel oh nice I love coconut oh and J's husband likes trees so his tow smells of trees thank you so this will be a really lovely touch for your guests uh there'll be there'll be one overriding scent that you know your guests are probably a real fan of whether it's something Woody whether it's something Citrus or floral and we can really tailor the scent to your guests um specific taste Chef Yen has a budget of over ,000 ahead so the fish course up next spares no expense so the osetra caviar is about um £600 a kilo so obviously that costs a fair bit uh king crab is a really premium product over100 for a for an actual crab and of course it's all topped off with a sheet of edible yet tasteless Gold Leaf so although it's quite a small dish um yeah it adds up it's worth B but with the next two courses there's a problem the barata ball looks a bit like the octopus carao the presentation's very similar to the tomato dish and I'd kind of prefer it if it wasn't a similar presentation and I can't deter from the tomato dish cuz it was so Divine we could represent it and send you images if you want it's a tough one how do we play that one then you can think about that Jor is looking for Perfection but these tough decisions must be made soon I think we need to refine a couple of things and make sure it's exactly what she's looking for Michael and his team have just six days to create a menu that satisfies her every desire it's one thing being able to afford the finest food and another knowing how to eat it William Hans makes a living from teaching British table manners to confused foreigners food is pivotal because we do it three times a day and we judge people As we judge people on their handshake we judge someone by how they eat and I don't care how much money you have if someone is eating messily noisily or badly I'm not likely to want to eat with them again William is only 24 but has been teaching etiquette for seven years and travels the world giving tutorials people think I'm doing this as a hobby or I'm some sort of character sort of a bit like Keith Lemon or something like that um or Dame edner if we're being a little bit more upm market and and but no it is a proper job this is this is not some sort of sick perverted joke this is actually this is me I mean this is my life today William is meeting Galia an USC businesswoman who loves everything British I love the britishness I love driving Jager you can't be the class of British cars beautiful smooth sophisticated classy always wanted a jagger that's that's a star by she's about to receive a lesson on the art of afternoon tea how do you put the napkin you know how do you eat your scon and uh things like that I would like to learn how to do it properly they're meeting at the Goring near Buckingham Palace it's the hotel where Kate Middleton stayed before her wedding William is going to teach garia how to have tea like a princess the issue is that they've got a lot of money and they've got all the designer stuff and they've got Fine China they just don't quite know what to do with it it's it is all the gear no idea just around the corner from Buckingham Palace etiquette expert William Hansen is at the Goring hotel for afternoon tea he's here to give a lesson in table manners to Gia and USC millionaires Gia hello how's you doing how do handsome for foreign visitors there's no more englisher meal than afternoon tea but its rules and conventions are a minefield so William starts with the basics could you just show me how you would stir your tea I'll try not to be nois round and round right yes that that's lovely what what we're actually going to do is we're going to go back and forth back and forth because you won't Splash as much not not sort of skipping on along the surface just back and forth back and forth gently and then flicking the teaspoon above the uh tea not hitting it on the side we don't want silly noises and then putting it parallel to the handle at the back go doesn't it look lovely table manners differ enormously around the world correct me if I'm wrong but in Russia you would put your hands rest your wrists on the table when you are not eating and this is to show that you're not carrying a weapon whereas in Britain the hands go in the lap because of course we're unarmed we would not be so rude as to kill someone during a meal we would wait until afterwards what happens at the tea or at the lunch or at the dinner is much much more important than than killing somebody having safely negotiated The Cutlery William starts work on Gia's language skills now of course the pronunciation of the word scon is is perhaps one of the more important issues that modern society faces would you say it is scone or scone according to the uh pronunciation rules it should be scone we actually would pronounce it scone because once it's scone it's gone a lot of people call it a scone because again they think it's it sounds more sophisticated than a scone slightly affected but her majesty pronounces it scone and it is of course her English so I think we will go along with with scone so would you like a scone yes please yes that's a fruit one there the jam is over there Out Of Reach For Me Now what I'm not going to do is just lunge across you and grab the jam I would say to you Gia would you like some jam and you would say no thank you and then you would say and then you're stack no and then hopefully you would say but William would you like some jam and I say yes please so I would not ask directly for the jam that would be quite imp polite 2 hours four scones and three sandwiches later garia knows all there is to know about afternoon tea when I first came to this country I obviously the first thing I did was having afternoon tea at Ritz dochester and Forman Mason as you do uh I probably didn't do it properly then uh and I certainly know how to do do it properly now I am a little bit old before my time yes I'm I'm a 50 something in a in the body of a 20 something year old I will probably have a nervous breakdown when I'm 50 and behave disgracefully but we'll wait for that day to come in the south of France British etiquette and quiet Reserve aren't required here the bigger and brusher the better and Simon is more than happy to supply it it's the end of the season and he's heading to Monaco to discuss an order the chefs that we work with are under tremendous pressure they've got to produce amazing quality food because the people that they're providing it to are um multi-billionaires Simon is meeting Patrick Wilkey the chef aboard the yacht nasima thanks how you doing Patrick good to see you mate likewise nasima is a 5050 M long 20 million super yacht this is just stunning isn't it lovely little fish tank pretty impressive I don't think I've actually seen a fish tank on board a yacht certainly not as a dividing wall yeah built 3 years ago Nima can go around the world but spends most of her time on the shores of the Mediterranean come through here you'll like this there's a fully equipped gym so guests can work off their lavish meals you don't bang your head on the ceiling I thought you would good on you mate there's room on deck for two jet skis two speedboats and a hot tub this is the master and of course Sumptuous accommodation for up to 12 guests pretty impressive isn't it and um well this is this is my little this is my little room in here I share this with the uh with the chief engineer he's on the bottom I'm on the top we don't have to top and tail at least it's close quarters but you get used to it Patrick is dealing with an impromptu party for 60 guests so gives Simon an order of vegetables seafood and wagu beef that must be delivered to the yacht by tomorrow afternoon all right so you're happy with everything for tomorrow thank you very much cool thanks for your time Patrick good luck absolutely wonderful see you for the last six years Patrick has lived side by side with the world's Mega Rich there is unlimited budget with these guys so you can literally Buy what you want and the quantities that you need without being hindered by monetary aspects of it you know I've worked on boats where 500 notes bang bang bang piles of them lying around the boat literally piles of them lying around the boat um and it's it's unfathomable these guys have got so much wealth that they can wish and dream for anything they want to they can have it can you get a couple of different varieties of bread for lunch one baguette and one sort of whole meal or cereal bread please it's enough for eight people we did have some um Russian folks on a boat a couple of years ago who they would bring their own cans of 500 G of cavat and it's the real real stuff the boss would come down to the galy it's say uh make me some bleen bleenies okay make some we'll make some pancakes up from says give me a spoon spoon and then he get this big dinner spoon you know put two or three big slopping spoonfuls of this I'm talking about you know 200 bucks a spoonful boom boom boom so you know it's a big expensive plate sour cream on top of that rolled it up eat you must eat that was awful the next morning Simon is up early to complete Patrick's order first stop pick up the seafood the demand for the fresher Seafood is so high at this time of year that fishmonger Jill Works a 20h hour day hello yes the seafood doesn't just come from the med it's flown in from around the world with a price tag to match expensive very expensive 100 Kil for two person for two person very expensive Lis V chel bye-bye next stop is to collect Patrick's prized wagle beef from maon lino the prince of Monaco's Butcher of choice bring it all through here sweet look at this so you got your edible flowers lovely and some bits and pieces in there rabbit foodit of rabbit food good good good Dion's Great Sand and stuff that is well that's the Piero resistance o la la that's your Wago yep we've got this from our local butcher lovely this is coming in at about 250 a kilo cool now now I'm happy with that that'll cook up beautifully Wago beef is very popular on Yachts Wago means Japanese cow essentially and it's heavily marbled little strip of fat and goodness going through it and it is gorgeous it's very very lovely stuff I would not be buying it at home my wife would freak the most famous wagu comes from the island of honu in Japan but this Prime Beef can now also be found in pois in nor Wales this is Abramovich he's a Japanese black wagu bull directly descended from Japan he arrived as an embryo from Australia 80 years ago and he's the daddy of all these little Cales here this herd of exotic cattle belongs to Farmer ior humph beer time boys ready for some beer here so it's a little bit yeastier than normal but the cows certainly love it come I get you beer then boys he even Farms according to Japanese tradition that means giving the herd beer every day to improve the marbling effect that makes wagu meat so valuable these boys are nearly 30 months old most British beef is killed at 12 to 18 months old the marbling is the last fat to be laid down and so they need a bit more age than than usual to get to that level what we're doing is not catering for the supermarket we're catering for somebody who wants their beef to taste better I think the beer helps a little bit doesn't it relaxing for man and Beast occasionally yeah we like to share I mean we need to get a pint out and relax together or we can talk rubbish to each other just like in the pub it's not all beer and conversation the herd enjoy another wagu tradition there is that extra 1% which gives it that X Factor and I think that's the massage I got to spend quite a while doing this but my wife does get a bit jealous sometimes yes but she's next in Asbury this year's snails have been harvested and are ready to be cleaned cooked and sent out to restaurants they hibernate so they'll they'll go off to sleep until we're ready to use them in our first year we probably grew 200 300 kilos and we thought it was a lot of snails um now yeah we're over four ton of snails and things are quite different the result of Sophie's snail Caviar recipe have come back from the lab and they're not what she was hoping you receive a report back and it will show you the different areas that it's fallen down in and obviously on prediction we can just look and see that it wasn't going to make a three months test it's quite easy to find something to preserve the caviar that's not a problem at all we we could preserve it um and give it a three Monon shelf life no problem whatsoever but if it's altering the flavor of the caviar then it's no good we've just got to keep putting testing and testing until we get the right one undeterred Sophie has decided to launch another snail product wow there's always something else you can do with snails so the next little episode is the crisps we're just waiting now for the green light for the packets to be run and 'll be out in some of the stores Before Christmas what do they taste SN let's go go crisps this is just another one of those weird and wacky ideas she come up with me it's really going to work it in London at jurri and Adrian's home the big night has arrived for bubble food we with Three Chefs five waiters an event manager and freshly baked personalized buns a night like this costs well over ,000 ahead we need to blend into the background we need to be very quiet the focuses on uh jwelry entertaining with our guests we don't want anything to um detract from that I'm hoping for every single one of our friends that walks through the door to be wowed by every taste Sensation that they have and I can't wait to give my friends this experience we're going to have so much fun in Southwest London guests are arriving at Jury and Adrienne's house to celebrate their 17th winning cheers Caterers bubble have been working for weeks on this 10,000 pound food Extravaganza you know Adrian of course head chef yen and his team are adding real wood smoke to the sea trout starter so they get a nice waft of smoke just before they eat their nice smoke sea trout C any so I kind of made my way around and found my that doesn't last long so it's time for the bespoke Woodland truffling experience complete with pig noises so basically put these headphones on and it's a sound of foraging in the forest while you're eating these truffles are you it's wicked so wicked so wicked this pig I'm in the bar they're snorting taste sensation really good sound effect and you're talking really loud Tom yeah really good thank you amazing wow it's genius it's a genius idea tonight has already been a success based on one canopy with the canop all gobbled up hands and faces all cleansed with a personally scented hand towel it's time to read tonight's menu with a magnifying glass it's been shrunk and printed on edible paper this is aami Bomb yeah so but if you take your Looking Glass and you look on that little piece of paper that's your entire menu for the evening that's brilliant tonight bubble is serving more than just food It's Entertainment on a plate always like fun with my food I think it's Balsam vinegar you think it's like cavia but it's not and jury's guests are suit be wild it works it's been an evening that will do jury's reputation in London Society nothing but good I'd say it's the most extraordinary in ventive and experiential um sufferer I've ever been invited to it's been amazing amazing much more than expected in fact and I think everybody here has been absolutely blown away at a mere £10,000 it's a wedding anniversary to remember for jury and Adrien when you actually meet someone you know that that's the right person then 17 years is a very short time 17 goes by very quickly it's been a good fun ride on the coat desure it's been a record season of excess the super rich have spent billions on their super yachts and they've binged on the world's finest food and drink whilst on board we've had an amazing season this year we've gone from strength to strength so there's absolutely no complaints we've just done a really good job this year Simon's company pen and Provisions has turned over more than a million pounds this summer these look superb boys so to celebrate he's throwing a small party for some of his chefs and suppliers somebody who can afford to own a super yach they've either been born very lucky or they've made it very lucky them spending the sorts of money that they spend supports a whole industry of people who then ultimately pay their taxes and live normal lives the nice thing about working for the richest people in the world is that there is a little bit of a filter down process and it is nice at the end of the season when everybody's worked flat out to suddenly turn around and say hey guys why don't we just cook some of the same meat that we've been giving to our guests and that's why it's as good as it is 5 miles up the coast the guests have arrived on super yach nasima so Chef Patrick is working flat out in the kitchen it's party time I hate making canop but I do like a good party he must cook and send out hundreds of canipes singlehandedly you've got to have a lot of experience you got to know what you're doing you've got to be able to handle the pressure and if you can't handle the pressure you're in the wrong job I'm happy with those why wouldn't you be Patrick has catered to the super riches every whim 24 hours a day for the last 5 months and it's taken its toll when you think of all the suffering that's going on in the world at the moment you know obviously got the Syrian thing going on and you know there's so many times you'd like to go out there to the um to the clients and just slap them and say wake up you know look what you're doing look at the the look at all the money and wealth you've got problems could easily be alleviated with less greed basically there's vast amount of greed going on you have to put your blinkers on put your nose bag on and just get on with get on with your jaw do you know the thing about this these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs and I need some white wine ASAP very tired but not tired enough to have a few beers that's for [Laughter] sure when Aima returns to Monaco next June it'll be with a new Chef Patrick has decided to quit you come in you do your work you work hard you work bloody hard but uh but at the end of the day I could I could take it or leave it and I choose to leave it you know I'm going I'm going back to uh spend lots of time with the family Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich multi-millionaires and billionaires are the people that we deal with I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur you know we're very sophisticated here and feeding them has become big business you're looking at between about 150 to2 200 per portion but in the world of the super rich only the very best food and drink will do it will cost you 8,700 people spending money just for the sake of spending money it's only chocolate I want that magic formula to survive in this highly competitive market food producers must be willing to go to extreme length you going to give you an experience of your lifetime you can't serve a drink like this in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon and indulge the appetites of the world's most Discerning clients makes you want to cry doesn't it we're going to open the treasure box the extravagant Cravings of the super rich are growing the UK's luxury goods Market is worth over 30 billion a year every week a new supplier arrives in the hope of taking a bite out of this lucrative high-end business New Yorker Jerry Toff has 4 days to crack London with his extraordinary product This Bar in this box is to us a piece of artwork and each bar is individually engraved with the bar number Jerry claims to be selling the world's most expensive bar of chocolate in the UK for example the the price would be £195 and for your95 you also get a handmade wooden box a 100 page booklet and some special tweezers our chocolate was made to express the aroma almost even more so than than the actual flavor in the mouth our idea was to kind of try to distance our fingers from our nose as much as possible so that we would get as much of an unadulterated feeling for for that Aroma for Jerry his chocolate is almost too good to eat sometimes people the people just want to pop in their mouth it's almost painful to watch and there's been times when people will be you know moving to pop in their mouth and I be no no no not yet we have the bar itself here we took a lot of pains to to make sure that the the bars have a clear sheen on the surface so I'm always extremely careful to never touch the surface of the bar I only hold it on the ends the appearance of the bar is important Jerry and his team of four chocolateers handmade the bars themselves from a rare cocoa found in the Ecuadorian rainforest one thing to take into account is that we've only made 300 Bars we made 15 50 bars of our light we made 150 bars of our dark we work really slowly Jerry has three tastings set up to sell the product he hopes a little of his precious chocolate will go a long way I have three bars of our 2015 rain Harvest light and then three bars of our dark currently the most expensive ch chocolate bar in London is20 Jerry needs to turn the market upside down with his £15 bar if he's going to make his business work it is a bit polarizing if you can buy bars of chocolate that cost you know4 LB why would you possibly pay so much more if I didn't know more about chocolate I would also have that same reaction I would probably be in the side of people that thought that think it's it's it it's ridiculous the luxury Food Market is a highly pressurized place to do business once you found a niche keeping ahead of the competition and maintaining the standard your high-end clients expect is the key to success digging there's only one little slice of clam in there Daniel Humes supplies Top End Food to the owners of private jets I like to walk into the kitchen and it be really busy cuz if they're standing around twiddling their thumbs one they end up killing each other and two it's not good for business ex private Chef Daniel set up the company a year ago it's grown from Three Chefs to 15 and now handles 50 flights a week I had catered on Yachts as a chef and I'd catered in private households as a chef I thought well someone must do the catering for the aircraft so when I looked at the industry there were some good companies but I just found that there was a need for something that really pushed the boundaries his team of boundary pushers cat is to their clients every whim no matter how exclusive or mundane we had a a a sports star used to fly backwards and forwards from London when they were based in the US and they wanted pie mash and green liquor and monster Munch and chocolate bars everybody has their vices everybody likes their fun food and their comfort food that sports stars pie and mash cost over ,000 good afternoon on air dining Amanda speaking how can I help hi Sarah we don't we go get that one sushi and sashimi would you like me to send you a menu over and then you can have a look through okay now we do go into London to go get it from suan is that okay for you today a Pakistani oil billionaire wants sushi for his lunchtime flight tomorrow okay lovely yeah no problem I'll do that for you now on air have a special relationship with mayair suan restaurant which means they'll open at any time for a price they open at 12 so we're not going to be able to get back in time for their flight we ring them and we say would you mind opening early for us to come and have this Sushi and S sushimi but you pay for that it does come at a premium yes it's going to be for 10 people instead of for to do 10 people on that you know you're looking at £4,000 at 500 a.m. delivery driver Stefan is dispatched to London to pick up the sushi this out of hours delivery will add an extra, to the bill they'll be there cooking their food now ready for me to pick up for 8:00 on air spends £50,000 on Suma sound takeouts every year door oh yeah we've got there yeah mate from on a dining got a collection yeah I get it cheers receipts in there is it yeah thank you very much cheers sushi on board Stefan has 2 hours to get to the Harold's private jet terminal at Luton just in time for a very expensive lunch at 30,000 ft hi it's um Stefan from on air dining I've got katering supplies cheers we won't do second best we won't run up the road the local Chinese just in case it's got to be the best and that's what our clients expect from us but delivering the best comes at a cost not just to the client but to Daniel's business are you making a profit are we making a profit no we are not profitable now we have because the reason being is because we've ramped up from an operational point of view to have a team of 15 chefs Logistics team the wages is our biggest cost hello Daniel and his wife set up on air dining with two wealthy investors my wife and I we've invested everything I mean I had to borrow heavily against credit cards and high interest loans and we really struggled and we you know we had to put food and Kids Club on credit cards so if it's about how much we've risked then yeah we gambled everything every last penny and even money that didn't belong to us that we had to borrow from Banks and credit cards so that's why you need a very supportive wife the bigger business gets the more people you got depending on you so it's not just your family and your life and your children you know is every person you employ depends on you at the end of the day so that puts a lot of pressure when we're making profit regularly it will be the pressure will ease with regards to the stress and the sleepless nights Isabelle and Daniel are on their way to cracking the superrich market but they need more business and they need it fast many of Britain's new super rich are Russian they spend half a billion a year on London's finest properties one Russian has even bought a shop the poshest off license in the country Hedonism wines it's run by Tatiana faka for us wine is about drinking and Hedonism is about drinking wine so even if it's an old wine even if it's um you know a very rare bottle we would IDE dearly love for our customers to taste it rather than put it away and never have a sip of it wines costing mere thousands are on the shelves but for something rather special you need Tatiana's key this is the old vintages Vault where we have the most treasured bottles the bottle that I would like to tell you more about is the chat de cam 1811 it it will cost you precisely 8,700 interestingly I have a customer who uh said that if he gets the bonus that he is expecting to get this year he will buy it but not only will he buy it he will drink it the Shop's Russian clients think nothing of spending thousands on a bottle then drinking it in the same evening obviously the situation in Russia has changed dramatically in the last 30 years and people who didn't have access to anything gained access to everything and I guess this is the key point about Russian mentality that you don't know what will happen tomorrow you can be a billionaire today you can say something wrong about our government tomorrow and the day after tomorrow you can be an exile so if you have a greater bottle of wine the cadistic approach is drink it today drink it with your friends share it but some customers have a more conservative approach wine collectors are big in London like Austrian financier Claus UMC I do not know um that much about austrians but I think austrians would be much more reasonable than Russians are thank you Claus has a wine collection worth millions how long is it since you started collecting some um rather recently so I probably started like8 nine years ago okay I also have a stamp collection from my grandfather once a collector you become a the only thing I don't collect is cars footall stickers yeah I did that when I was a kid yeah today klouse is trying wines from Hedonism special vending machines this gives a chance to lots of people to taste a very large variety of wines at u a very small price so that's £650 for a single mouthful this has got Claus's name on it definitely okay and the name of the wine is the thrill of stamp collecting mhm it's very nice I'm a lot less of a drinker uh than I am a collector I probably would want to limit myself to uh once or twice a week what's the scale of your collection in terms of numbers of bottles uh it would be around 20,000 that's a lot of wine it would be providing for some Bean drinking for a while for a number of friends good morning Samantha this is Charlie from on air dining in stanstead Daniel St for prepping another last minute order so this is a quite a big order that we've just got coming it's for one of our quite a a large client and I need to organize um stuff like Crispy Cream Donuts uh lless cupcakes they want some sushi and some Arabic food I'd like Crispy Cream Donuts on my private J if I if I had one to make the business pay they need to maximize the cost of everything so staff don't just make trips to Mayer they're also regulars at wait Ros in Bishop stford so what do you want me to pick up mini Philadelphia cream cheese with the bread sticks or without the bread sticks so I'll be back in a bit with the Philadelphia and bread stick order ticked off ex Soldier Mac now needs a peacan pie but wait Ros are out of stock you're right oh sorry and basically I've had a bespoke request for a PE campai now unfortunately our Chef is flat out we'll pay anything you accept DX as well hi Tim it's Mac um no P campai unfortunately but the Belgian chocolate KS I feel completely ridiculous going into shops asking for the most random items going but it pays my mortgage so I can't complain Max Mini bread sticks and chocolate cake will cost the client over £200 but this concierge service isn't enough to turn a profit Daniel needs to find new business we've built a brand aiming to the ultra high net worth Market that we can plug in other businesses to to maximize the amount of money we can make from the investment he's decided to expand delivering food to the homes of the super rich as well well as to their Jets this is really important that we can do this to the houses now and you know if they're eating it in the air why not eat it in your house for the launch of the new Venture Daniel is considering an amazing new ingredient to serve at his first dinner party you want a showstopper you want something that you can come back and say check this dish out so he's heading to Norway to north of the Arctic Circle his of some rare and exclusive shellfish and wants to convince A supplier Rod Sloan to sell to him what I tend to do is I tend to work with things in the ocean which are not common it's kind of like being a chief Scout for Manchester United but in the ocean in the food world where I go and I look for new Talent only supplies this to a select few some of the best restaurants in the world so I have to make this journey I have to come up here to to show him and give him the confidence that we are the kind of company that will really look after this produce Daniel must impress Rody if he wants to claim a place in this exclusive and highly marketable Club how you do hey man please to meet you nice to meet you how you doing good welcome fatic thanks very much today the sun's out but Rod often Dives in highly dangerous Arctic conditions he's hunting for rare shellfish like soft shell clams mahogany clams and sea urchins which he flies direct to Denmark's Noma restaurant voted the finest in the world this is really where I made my name was with the sea enss we put these in the market for a long time all of a sudden they become hugely fashionable because NOA start to work with them this is the product that linked and I together and this is the product that everybody wants this is the story my clients are after they want to understand where something's come from the Providence the story behind it and how you create a dish and you make something that's more than just a plate of food so we're going to give you an experience of your lifetime by the time the sea urchin hits the plate it's worth over ,000 a kilo so you're about to say something okay that's just going to be magic not many people get to do this this is to me the best so feel privileged this is the roll that we're going to eat just give me your hand there you go is the sweetness that I wasn't expecting yeah really sweet the sweetness really knackers your brain doesn't it and this and but then you've got that kind of salty kick from the sea that comes in afterwards that kind of adds to the but the after flavor that you've got left over in your mouth just hangs just hangs you realize this is the phenomenal amount of money you've just eaten it's like tablespoon in caviar from the tin that yeah it's kind it's kind of bissy you know that's quite a flavor the shellfish costs as much as the finest Beluga So Daniel must prove his cooking skills before Rody will agree to supply him a Little Closer To Home Ex Cavalry officer Charlie is Daniel's first lieutenant he's checking out another new product we found this wonderful little Artisan Supply which is just up the roads um at the other end of the runway in stanard little place called um Elum so we're on our way there today to go and um see this chat and see what he's got to offer Michael Johnson has created a drink that he believes has no rival we expected to be drunk alongside the finest wines and champagne and so on this is a luxury water we're talking about most topen mineral Waters come from mountain springs or glaciers Michael discovered his when he redeveloped an old Jam Factory do you ever say that it comes from underneath the Jam Factory in essic I we we haven't said that but um because it it it didn't come from exactly under there um it comes from over above a confined aquifer that means a big lump of chalk full of water we wanted to make a statement wanted to be different to everybody else um and we positioned ourselves right at the very top because we think this is the finest water you can get if you you want something special this is This Is It Michael decided only a perfume bottle designer could do his water Justice to have a Premium Water you've got to dress it correctly this bottle it comes together in two halves so a lot of expense and time and trouble has gone in to creating this bottle that has a different shape this glass has got a Clarity to it that you wouldn't find in other bottles it's designed to show the water off Elum water is shipped all over the world and commands a premium price in some restaurants up to £30 a bottle water itself is an Exquisite product to be admired revered and enjoyed on its own how crazy is that where you're one side of the airport I'm the other and we've never met I'm absolutely fascinated by this yeah so come down and let's have a CH that water does that look pure to you yeah yes it does got to give it a go treat it like red wi show temperature I am treating it like red one good but is it worth its3 price tag it's it's it is just refined that's the only way I can describe there is no hint of any metallic trace on there uh pure as pure can be it's always the same pure p r in a world that values exclusivity Charlie has another item to sell to onair dining's wealthy customers water who would have thought that such Exquisite water would be so close to us eh or even that Exquisite water even existed so close to us or even that ex Exquisite water existed full stop in central London New Yorker Jerry Toth is trying to sell the world's most expensive chocolate bar for £95 the very early days I said I think it's going to have to cost something like $40 that was before we we decided on on the Spanish Elm box in New York potential customers will happily spend three hours with Jerry tasting his exclusive but small offerings I brought some chocolate if you'd like to try will London Cher Anna franois Wayne be so patient I've got a problem really understanding what's driving that really high price cuz even if you come the wood box and the leaflet and it's a bit over the top for a bar of chocolate that's 50 gr Jerry opens the first of his six bars almost afraid to touch it but Anna franois doesn't bother with his special tweezers he's handed little to the Coco because he wants it to be all about the bean he's hoping that's his USP I don't know if what you wanted was to get the floral notes but if that's what you wanted I think it's very acidic okay um you know chocolate should kind of take you on a journey so you should have kind of a beginning notes and then middle and end and I think at the beginning you do get a bit of the floral but then the minute the acidity kicks in it becomes a bre really fruity and I think for me at the end it's a stringent okay and I find the end of it not pleasant it's like vinegar this is a bean kind of declaring itself brashly that is not how people eat chocolate what they want from chocolate is a pleasurable experience and chief taster Dany arrives to try 8.5 uh-huh my yeah doesn't taste like an 80% chocolate so Aranda chocolate won't be buying Jerry's bars I don't see what differentiates that fine chocolate from my fine chocolate apart from some packaging and that's before Dany discovers Jerry's price 195 you're joking is I thought it was 130 he said 195 even more than I thought don't to put that on camera oh my god really he said 130 okay if he's got a magic formula for him to sell a bar for £195 at 50 g I want that magic formula cuz I'd quite like to put them into all of my stores did it make you think about your pricing we believe that we're making something different to what extent will will people pay for that and and you know that's an open question will Jerry have more luck tomorrow when he tries to sell direct to London's super rich in Norway 300 mil north of the Arctic Circle Daniel Hume is experimenting with rare Seafood for his new Venture a luxury atome dining business right so here comes the point where uh this is a chef's test open one fisherman Rod Sloan wants Daniel to prove his Chef skills before he'll agree to supply him these are my products okay and they represent everything about what we've built here I just I'm quite passionate about it I'm slightly nuts as well but it's it's it's my ocean it's been my life for a long time and um and I can't like have my hard work ruined at the end we'll um we'll have a little play with this then I just let you do your M on plast yeah and I'll come back and just you can maybe feed me a finished dish and explain it to me I've never had to cook something for somebody or do a taste test for to sample anything from somebody before this is challenging cuz obviously I want to show what that we we're going to look after the product I'm just playing I'm I'm playing I'm looking don't want to hide the flavor you don't want to mask it I'm still a little still unsure about that so how'd you get on do you know what it's so it's it's it's it's a lot harder than than than than first expected that's pretty good it pretty good you know it's kind of like a more I don't know if you put like a soy in it or something like that or just add in a bit more what I've added to it is this it's a it's a seasoned soy sauce so it's had infusions put into it I think it's been a really good day yeah and uh I really like it skills uh I like his knowledge with Rod's ingredients d Daniel could create a very special dish the perfect launching pad for his company's expansion this is the beginning of hopefully a beautiful relationship when the wealthy find something they like they'll happily spend Millions Hi how are you Austrian financier Claus umek has 20,000 bottles of wine worth over2 million he likes vintages from important years in his family history the oldest things I have are from the 40s cuz that's when my parents were born um so I have a you know I have 41 eams and I have 47 uh chevar Blan and 47 oon so those are you know kind of sort of trophy old things these things do get drunk but you know unfortunately not on a regular basis but for me it's more the U you know the the whole evening that surrounds opening one of these trophies that uh that makes it uh something that you will always remember CLA doesn't actually drink much of his wine but he does like to look at it so today he's paying his wine a visit at its secret home in the heart of the Wilshire Countryside you'll see the entrance it's very tiny and hidden away very nicely so we're going to open a treasure box it's a high security establishment the wine equivalent of Fort Knox Claus is meeting his wine expert Charles Curtis who'll check the condition of his collection Bas this is health and safety equipment which must be used when go down you may carry these over your shoulder very good thank you there your 58 thanks it might not look much from above ground but underneath it's a different story 100 ft underground is a million square ft of air conditioned vaults storing some of the finest Wines in the world over 10 million bottles worth more than2 billion clients include Andrew Lloyd Weber and Sir Alex Ferguson it's so big it's even got its own train it's like the Lou of of the wine industry in the same way that you can't get through the Lou in a day there's absolutely no way to get through here in a day rack after rack of the most incredible Treasures of the world of wine stretching literally a half mile in that direction and a half mile in that direction time for klouse to inspect his treasured collection you have a look at whether any of the corrosion and the wear is commensurate with the agent and you know Charles will now go into checking color uh height of the wine how much of the fluid has been has escaped through the cork the levels are good I mean it's 85 right so it's a it's a 30-year-old ques wine this 1985 montet was originally sold for around 50 a bottle Charles which are they worth depends on the day you're buying them of 4 to 5,000 us a bottle so klouse has done rather well the thing I love about looking at his collection is almost everything is pristine it's he's put it together in a very intelligent way and that and that they're all wines that will appreciate and value but at the same time they're all wines that he would love to drink every time the markets are bad and people are panicking on one day about China and then happy about it the next you go go on your C you know inhale the smell and there is a real value that you care for and it's a hobby and if everything fails you drink it up in today's fluctuating Global markets financia cla's liquid Investments are safe and secure New Yorker Jerry is trying to sell his 195 chocolate bar but the first meeting was a disappointment he's trying to keep a sense of perspective it's only chocolate it's an easy thing to forget for me and and for our team I need to remind myself of that sometime he's waiting to meet a big retailer but in the meantime is going direct to the client pitching to some all important rich chocolate fans well I love chocolate who doesn't I know so I'm intrigued Jerry is honored there's even a princess present Jasmine Abasi I'm expecting a chocolate that is absolutely Grand to eat chocolates is for two reasons either for one's personal consumption and it has to be exceptional or you give it as a gift to somebody you want to impress especially at this price strange so it has to be beautifully packaged beautifully presented as well Jerry wants everyone to truly appreciate his chocolate which means no one gets to taste it until they've heard the full story I love talking about it we've definitely done tasting events that have been two and 3 hours the ladies don't have 3 hours so Jerry's trying to keep it brief this is the same wood that we fermenter cacao beans in and so five people work working full-time year round to make 300 Bars couldn't just be a standard bar of chocolate it had to be from this really special Source the shortened pitch takes over an hour and they've still not seen the bar there's too much marketing sometimes simple as easier he's not the right person for marketing he needs to get quicker and he needs to get rid of all the buzzwords that are you know we we forested and we Harvest it and all that all those have to disappear and he just has to sell his chocolate how do you feel your pitching's going I I think I still need to condense I think I spend too much time giving everybody the every little detail and I I think I would love to learn how to I'm not very good at sound bites after the long tease Jerry finally unwraps his first bar of precious chocolate um I can smell it can you smell it the sheen looks good it we initially produced over a th000 bars and we rejected about 800 because there were imperfections on the surface and finally it's tweezer time because it is a nuanced Aroma um so if you'd like take you can take a tasting utensil you can use your hand to grab it if it's are you feeling like a proud father at the moment yes a little a little nervous also but proud father this is got to be fingers on that right and when when you eat it um put it after after the aroma put it in the back of your mouth and maybe bite it into two or three pieces but don't chew just let it let it melt in your mouth what we're looking for is a progression of flavors it should show us different things in different moments well it starts off bitter at the back of the month right sure there's a smokiness to it as well it's really smooth it's really smooth really creamy absolutely it's very pleasing there's nothing added into it there nothing there's no cacao butter no vanilla pure gosh did you not think it was expensive it is overpriced for this Market because people here go into any other store and they will pick up a bar of chocolate or even a box of chocolates 50 60 70 and that's fine but that's a real box of chocolates not a bar would you buy it yes I would once in a while I might add that I I did like it but would I pay £195 I'm not like y you know I'm not like yasine I wouldn't pay Jerry's marketing trip is coming to an end he's got one more day to sell his chocolate to the UK at on air dining Daniel chefs are preparing ing for the launch of his new in-house dining service using the seafood he sampled in Norway these aren't just gimmicky items the flavor is amazing the chefs have come up with a very special deconstructed clam chowder sweet corn custard clam juice consum and bacon bits really good it'll be the centerpiece of the company's first atome dinner party event you're looking at between about 150 to 200 per portion and it's it's not about trying to charge them in inflated prices it's about that's the value of that product and that's very important with the signature dish complete the staff prepare the rest of the exclusive seven course meal this looks good this is going to be this is exciting right let's get this packed we got to get going we're going to be late Daniel wants to prove that his new atome service will be just as good as his private jet business we're really putting everything into this tonight and we got water coffee all that sort of stuff yeah we've got water alongside the Nordic Seafood medley they'll be serving the elen and water Daniel's price for the water just 122 a liter I'd certainly like to try some um I I'm sure that the packaging is is beautiful and it it certainly looks like it's worth the money I think it's ludicrous I think it's it's people spending money just for the sake of spending money okay John there we are mate no yep that's it wonderful and um we'll see you there in London Jerry's about to head back to New York after 4 days trying to sell what he claims is the world's most expensive chocolate bar to be quite honest um hearing Jerry uh say the price at £195 a bar was was more than shocking there's a lot of very high price points of products out there including skin care for example where where it may not work but it becomes known as the most expensive product and therefore buying it becomes a state of symbol so this chocolate becomes the top end of the market and represents people who can afford to buy that's a different cache in itself Jerry has one last chance to impress a buyer in the UK I'm excited this is this is what I came to London for and it's happening now so looking forward to it hars have agreed to hear his pitch 2 hours and half a chocolate bar later Jerry finally has some good news meeting with herods went great they're they're fully on board they really want to position this to something really exclusive we're going to work on building a really special display case uh that's exciting I mean it's building a display case is a lot of work you still look so serious Jerry I have the weight of very expensive chocolate bar in a leather bag and on my arm in a mansion in one of London's exclusive suburbs Daniel and his team are preparing for dinner we're adding as much theater as we can we've got the elen and water which one of the most expensive Waters in the world and we're also using our shellfish that we brought all the way back from Norway to just add that added kind of wow factor to the to the to the meal you know so Daniel usually provides food for private jets this is the firm's first atome dining event we're looking at probably in the region with wine included between £500,000 per head he's testing his new home service on his investor Robin southwell who used to run aviation jobs Airbus he's a real foodie real foodie good client of mine traveled all over globally on private jets and and eaten in some of the best places and he knows his whing as well yeah I'm I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur I look for opportunity invest in opportunity I take risks take big risks I say shamelessly because I'm I'm not embarrassed I'm prepared to accept the downside but I'm equally prepared to enjoy the upside and I'm lucky man Daniel has brought in wine expert Tom Harrow to Source rare and expensive vintages to accompany each dish with the fagra we've got this absolutely insane the asencia known in fact as medieval Viagra po Leo the 13th actually survived for eight extra weeks drinking nothing but this stuff I kid you not it's only 2% alcohol they make barely 2,000 bottles they've only made five vintages since 1990 and of course I was just going to say what's the spoon well absolutely see you can't serve a drink like this in a in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon to drink it from so the first dish you've got this evening is faga we shall be serving something exceptional with this this is the very first of the world's Fine Wines it takes 40 kilos of grapes to make a single half bottle of this wine this sells in some restaurant it's $125 a spoon and they serve it in the uh it's like a combination of of wine and honey Jee it's pretty special stuff is it Tom's doing his thing they're loving it it's great it's great entertainment they're really having fun it's um you can tell because they're all smiling and when their FA the faces light up and then the next bit so this isn't just about delivering a dish to a table this is about you know it goes in front of them and then you get the story behind the wine and the food and all the rest of it and they're loving it you don't get that in a rest after fagra and medieval Viagra it's time for the main event Arctic Circle Seafood what we've got here is is we've got a mahogany clam and we've got a soft shell clam and each of them have different flavors so delicious marvelous what a shame we only get so little I'd like double that has anybody tried any of this yet I think food is an emotion I really do I feel like when there's amazing food in front of you you do tend to go through a journey like starters anticipation Mains that's it and then dessert wow yeah for pudding it's peanut cheesecake with wild berries served with Elum water so I'd say there's like a chalky quity it's like a chalky slly sine character so I think you can smell the rock where it comes from you can smell the rock which you can't smell in other in other words like in or something the bubbles taste far different to any s pelo I've ever but what did Daniel's staff think of a 30b bottle of water very nice glass of water and what does Daniel really think of this world of excess the business that we provide and the service that we provide in this unique experience pays my staff's wages supports them and their families so for me it's just economics and for those that can afford it fabulous and and and I love the fact of being able to supply that and every single person who works for me they can't afford to have one of these dinners but they love the fact of delivering an experience to somebody go after seven courses and seven different wines gosh host Robin gosh seems pleased with his investment in Daniel's business what a wonderful decadent enjoyable evening with friends with family I am rep I'm happy and I'm grateful yes and I am very lucky for the UK's Millionaires and billionaires shopping has become an art form and nothing gets them spending more than Christmas they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree the final price is 615,000 £10,000 to a a multi-billionaire is nothing and that's like a a fiber but while we search out Bargains On The High Street the wealthy used bespoke suppliers of high-end products I designed one with over 22 23,000 soski crystals the sp's best because it's something that's just yours people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them as the Christmas deadline approaches these exclusive elves are under pressure always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful to deliver to some of the most demanding clients on the planet that's a level of service that they want it's not necessarily how you or I would choose to live but it's it's what they're used to when money is No Object how far do you go we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree in the quest to have a truly Super Rich Christmas that Christmas Christmas the world's wealthiest continue to flop London more billionaires live here than in any other city and they love to spend but if you've got a fortune in the bank you don't go shopping you have a lady who does it for you uh tickets to the James Bond premere in London at the moment they're going for £8,000 but that is increasing Francis holworth Noble can get whatever you want whenever you want it at a price she runs the London concierge Company Catering to every whim of her exclusive clients private jets to um Monaco you're looking at the billions you're not looking at Millions so they're extremely wealthy International families a lot of them are royaly o archs we provide a service that supports each of our clients individual needs is your phone on 24 day yeah they're awake you're awake it's late summer in central London but Francis can already hear sleigh bells we're organizing a private shopping evening for our highing cents for Christmas we will put it in a venue where they're going to get the best food the best wine and we'll create an experience that is going to make them feel very Christmasy and want to Bing Francis needs an extraordinary selection of luxury Christmas goods to tempt her super rich clients first up is Chelsea Jeweler shsh I'm good I'm good ah you've got on my little I love that love it love it what are you thinking about showcasing well this is um with your um signature piece or mushrooms our little secret to this is that if you press here and this BEC a USB oh that's cute and then this will be the world's most expensive USB oh it's lovely yeah and how much is that 22,9 what else are we looking at but francis's clients don't just need stocking fillers no they also want main presents again of course our Moonlight necklace this is uh our creme the La Creme um the diamond in the middle uh alone is over six karat it's beautiful I love it it has I absolutely love it it has many many diamonds um this is the piece I want to wear on the evening so H how much is this piece uh this piece is 1.9 million nice if the Moonlight necklace is too traditional shawish something a little more out there to light up the party octopus Bango right I can tell you that it is so comfortable to put on that's lovely pink pearl mhm and the eyes are um Marquee Diamond what's this bit here okay that is our secret for this uh lovely piece so you basically uh turn this towards inside and you have a beautiful light and this is the effect you get um in dark batteries are included in the total price this is 450,000 for clients that purchase anything on the night yeah how do we go about payment for that the best thing for that will be a bank transfer M so what I would I tell you my concern is that money is a discreet subject and I think in the environment that we're creating our clients won't feel comfortable doing a transaction on the evening so I was going to suggest the easiest thing might be is if they did the transaction to me and then I transferred the Monies to you with gifts like this Francis hopes to Stage London's most exclusive Market when you're a long way from home Christmas with the family is more important than ever Louisa is a Russian entrepreneur I came from Russia from Moscow my parents they have a banking business and I made my own decision to not to follow them so I decided to move to London and this would be my first Christmas in year of cele crating here in London as I feel myself much more settled now and my family will come to join me luckily Louisa has her own restaurant The Exclusive XII in Mayfair famous for its Choice range of special cocktails today she's on the hunt for Christmas tree decorations and she knows just the man Michael Peterson is London's goto bble guy these are going to help because um these are all the special things I've done prime minister this was for Gordon Brown the official down in Street bble for 2009 they ordered uh for all their staff and um I don't know if it went out to heads of state as well I think it might have done a few but I know that um Tony Blair and all that got some what Gordon gave Tony I don't I don't know if it was that I think it was they knew about it and they founded me secretly and I'm sure it was Sher Blair Sher I called you up it didn't say I'm Sher no but it was her address and she said I used to live in number 10 that was what gave it away so she ordered a few we had to do a deal they were quite good price they got they got a good price today Michael must impress Louisa and her business partner Gerald lovely to meet you thank you please sit down I've brought some samples to for you to see of some exclusive stuff that we've done this is all the traditional English cakes and treats um that my n and Granddad used to give me all Michael's B balls are individually hand blown and can be designed to the client's taste I've got the pors 911 is so good I love this color yeah it's my favorite color Porche electric blue electric blue sounds very cool little red Ferrari maybe outside the front oh yes we have plenty of them out I'm not I've done a few cutouts these are not the actual bubbles these are just to show you size M I was thinking a little bar of gold y yeah it would shine brilliantly I think the golden pineapple that represents wealth oh thank you Michael and celebration now I think it looks amazing and we can can we do it in real gold I think so yeah make something really Christmas tree oh and here is our famous cocktail X's signature cocktail is made with 19th century armanac and vintage Crystal champagne topped off with edible Gold Leaf yours for £ 8,888 it's the most expensive cocktail in the world and have to represent it again yeah we definitely could get close to that I mean we're not going to get exact but we will get really really close do you have a budget in mind for these bubbles do you know uh the budget was um about 10K so the customer who buys the cocktail just pays for the Christmas tree decoration Michael has a £10,000 bble order in the bag and it's only September this could be a very good year I'm a dreamer I am I want to shop in nework York London Paris Rome Tokyo and be the little Gucci of Christmas decorations when money isn't an issue but you just can't think of what to buy you need someone like brand specialist Marcel Noble very first two enables one to be the first to know about and have the best of newly launching luxury Marcel's colleague is Amar thaen see she's done they've come to inspect one of this year's must have festive products Hi how are you here we are oh wow excellent excellent wonderful there's only one thing missing they may look like ordinary Christmas Tarts but wait till you see Rudolph's nose that is over seven karats overal kosa Ruby you know you've got the fun of Christmas you've got the magic of kind of Rudolph but you've also got the ability to create fantastic pieces of jewelry once Christmas is devoured when one thinks about Christmas you think of Sparkle and you think of glowing uh and this here really delivers both in perfect fashion Rudolph the Ruby noosed reindeer Tarts will sell for £475 each and if you think that's extreme look what they came up with at Easter the world's most extravagant chocolate Easter Bunny the rabbit has two Diamond dazzling eyes it came to £33,000 unfortunately the Easter rabbit didn't sell but Christmas could bring their biggest rewards yet we need to give people an opportunity uh to purchase the very finest in newly launching luxury the super rich can have anything they want for Christmas so their biggest challenge is to find something that no one else can buy right brainstorming it's September so the team from very first two must agree on the most unique gift ideas for this Christmas it's got to be truly exceptional absolutely remarkable and never done before uh there is no budget we're not straight jacketed by any cost whatsoever Marcel's team will create one-off gifts that will sell for tens of thousands Christmas crackers perhaps we'd get for example um Jimmy car to write specific jokes you actually get luxury crackers with luxury standard jokes exactly like it luxury our DNA is to enable people to be the very first to have or do Luxury things gingerbread we could do gingerbread people in the likeness of your family but maybe adorning it with like Mickey moso pearls brilliant like it great yeah we could offer the opportunity to have three wise men uh attend your Christmas dinner the likes of Steven fry Steven Hawkins Hawking yeah a bet starky David starky could be brilliant um amazing amazing um people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them uh yeah like it we give people the opportunity to come to us for inspiration and that's where they will learn where to spend their all they need is that one big showstopping idea suddenly Amar strikes gold what if we were to do the most glamorous tree topper so you know you either have an angel or a star and it'll be either diamond encrusted or Crystal encrusted but really Lux is beautifully crafted that' be super really before the tree toppers even they have a tiptop price in mind over 90 100,000 90 to 100,000 over over yes following um your email earlier in the week and just have a conversation around in cerum luxury concierge Francis is planning her spectacular Christmas Market can I take a telephone number and I'll give you a call back and I'll look into snap for you in the office yeah she started out as a high level PA before setting up her own exclusive company so the reason I decided to do the business is because I was working for an awful probably shouldn't say awful actually I was working for this lovely private family in London um and they were extremely high maintenance and demanding they would go on holiday and they would ring me from their hotel whilst they were walking downstairs to the restaurant and ask me to ring the chef in the country that they were in to ask the chef to start cooking their dinner seriously just D zero what's wrong with you but but no you know in the world of a high net worth individual they can ask for that and they get it if they didn't get it they wouldn't ask for it learned behavior Francis knows which gifts will tempt her clients at her exclusive shopping event now all she needs is a venue she's come to inspect kou restaurant just around the corner from Buckingham Palace morning morning how are you I'm very well yes sir I'm very well thank you it's nice to meet you than oh apologies sorry PLS are very important of course but as right that can wait for a call back this is main entrance and we go up the floor so if we've got Christmas decorations will we be able to decorate all of this could we have something like her wealthy clients expect the highest standards so so Francis must make sure kou is up to scratch I don't like the chairs they look like they're from Ikea um I don't think they need to see the food being prepared they just need to taste it if I'm honest have you got like a private dining room as well you have an excellent morning chef chef glass is a bit dirty need to clean it as well as our high net worth clients Francis has millions of pounds worth of jewelry to worry about oh security guards do you have any Dorman yes we do how many we two for the night like this we make sure that we have two of them standing and can you get a third one so that they can guard the the office upstairs abely fine okay can we have a red carpet coming in as well from outside I have to put myself in my client's shoes and think okay if I am Mr billionaire millionaire everything is picture perfect I'm fussy but I need for the sake of my CES London is the shopping capital of the world with an annual spend of 65 billion it may only be Autumn but some shops are already gearing up for Christmas Michael and his wife and business partner Jan ETA already have a £10,000 order for bespoke BBL they're hoping their fortnam and Mason concession will help their business grow even more I think the free Kings last year was very very popular because of the colors and these are some of my original are some of the first things that we did decorations of London we're a good team good team yeah we have arguments of course organ setting up the transport and um orders yeah and uh I'm the designer the creative one we can either sell you what we've already designed from our range which is ever increasing now or we can offer a commission for your family starting from £1,000 for a single miniature decoration I think we've been up to 15,000 20,000 all their bubl are designed to evoke memories of Christmas's past it's amazing how a products can affect somebody sometimes you make people to cry yeah some sometimes if you like not me personally but yeah but when you're s for people and yeah they have memories of their grandparents and stuff and they have a little tear in their eyes you really do spark something can I have a biscuit chanetta can I have some custard cream cookies and we've got crunch now crunch the company is based in Horn Church in Essex at Michael and jetta's house with Logistics based in the garage do you break quite a few of these no hardly never the BBL Are All Made in Janet's homeland of Poland the business wouldn't exist if the couple hadn't fallen in love it actually started from a weekend away from me didn't really want to go raining in walks this girl into the kitchen and I was just love at first sight basically that was it um and that weekend I went home and told everybody I just met the girl I was going to marry that was it I was learning polish I was getting married to her in my mind not in Janessa's mind fall in love with Michel and Michel fall love with me our life has changed in one second really the couple now have two children and a healthy bble business my way manger set which is very popular probably one of our best sellers uh literally did the little camel today actually but it's their bespoke service that could take them to the next level every commission that I get is is brilliant for me it just puts us out there for word of mouth as well people passing on on to other clients which makes the £10,000 order from Louisa and the opportunity to impress her friends all the more critical if they're saying yeah it's good their friends are going to think wow we should be doing that hopefully in London's West End the world's most exclusive tree topper is becoming a reality it was amar's bright idea to make this special Christmas star and he needs some sparkle luckily the starford 77 diamonds have just the thing I can show you the type of size that we'd be looking at so obviously comparison the Center Stone of something around this size what's the value of that stone alone that'll be over 200 200,000 yeah but I don't know if that's if that's us being too ambitious um do you guys like do you like the design absolutely absolutely it's speaks for itself it's just the icon stop and there will never have been a Christmas topper which is encrusted in diamond with A2 200,000 Diamond as its centerpiece the tree star budget has skyrocketed we're looking probably about over half a million or thereabouts and that is great what happens if if if nobody buys that we're anticipating that there will be individuals out there uh who will actually be attracted to it um but because it's fresh and truly original uh one can never guarantee it it's a well good having a half a million pound star on the top of your tree but whatever goes underneath it better be impressive luckily there's a lady who ensures that every present has extra Sparkle seeing people buying really expensive gifts and putting in a 250 gift wrapping paper it just did not compute so I came up with the idea of the Swarovski gift wraps and I designed one with over 23,000 Swarovski crystals it just looks amazing now Rebecca's company House of roko sells personalized wrapping paper and gift boxes the thousands this is called the Cinderella and it's made from Lambkin and these are all genuine soroski crystals this is one I've I made for Valentine's this took ages to make this actually took about 3 weeks I wish I never started it and the cost it can start from about a thousand onwards she's working on a rather special gift box for Christmas every single inch of this box will be covered in swy crystals 2 weeks 3 hours sleep a day so 20 hours a day it's not about me at the end of the day it's all about enhancing that relationship between the giver and the receiver how much is this going to go for at the moment we're looking between 25 to 30,000 it's October in krov Poland the traditional Hot Land of glass blowing in Europe Michael and Janetta are on their way to oversee production of Louisa's bespoke BBL yeah I'm not going to say it correct I'm a bloody English darling with a commission this important they're leaving nothing to chance it's just not good enough to uh look on the internet talk over online uh we need to come here and make sure everything's running smoothly in a workshop in the suburbs the bbls are individually mouthblown into molds it's this high-skilled practice that clients are prepared to pay for this folks best because it's something that's just yours nobody else will have it and you'll hand it down through your family and they'll be the only ones in the world of that even if somebody copies they'll never ever get that because it'll never be the same exact thing cuz they're handmade the pineapple symbolizing wealth and the gold bars also symbolizing wealth are then painted these look really good on I love that but when it comes to the replica cocktail glass there's a problem with the stem uh made mistake here Michael we need to uh make it more uh thicker about 1 mm thicker yes thicker but you're saying that this going to be a couple of days yeah yes okay I mean I can see the issues MH despite the problem Michael is suddenly inspired when you paint can you whip the paint up so it makes it bubbly and then paint it on and it dries with the bubbles I never did it before May because if you can do that it will look like it's bubbled on the top mm I don't know how how it will be uh after uh drying yeah I I can try no problem Michael only has a few weeks to finish the £10,000 XII order and it's got to be perfect bit nervous always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful there are only two months until Christmas in a workshop in London Soho the finishing touches are being made to the world's most exclusive Christmas topper it's very sparkly isn't it Marcel and jewelry director David are inspecting their most extravagant Christmas design a solid silver star embedded with over 280 diamonds that is as imagined and even better than imagined we've handmade it in silver cuz then it's going to be a little bit more lightweight than if we'd have done it in Gold we will gold plate the main star right and keep the points nice and Polished so it's all nice and shiny and bright so the only thing missing is the hero the Hero Diamond yes that's right wow so it's approximately £450,000 is the Center Stone right right so we're looking around with all the workmanship and so forth the 500,000 or so much okay just in terms of it's It's a figure with Clarity and look at that it looks so resilient doesn't it really looks Splendid this will be the most glamorous Christmas topper the world has ever seen but this tree topper isn't just for Christmas you don't put this one in the Loft for the rest of the year the five karat flawless diamond can be removed and worn For All Seasons for me so ify francis's Christmas shopping event is in two weeks she has presents and a venue already sorted now she's on her way to meet a luxury Christmas cracker supplier deep in the Hampshire Countryside well let's just say if it's going to be like a 5 cracker from Morrison's I probably shouldn't say that sorry Morrison love you um that clients aren't really going to want to buy them but if it's something that's going to cost a little bit more the gifts inside are a little bit more extravagant they look a little bit more quality then our clients are going to be much more interested in that so you have to make sure that actually when you're delivering something as simple as a Christmas cracker it still excels their expectations and they still get that oh wow factor from it hello hello how are you I'm right how are you Katie jits runs Upper Crust crackers her Client List includes Buckingham Palace the seavoy hotel Elton John and Lulu where our little elves are working yeah exactly it's proper like Santa's Workshop great actually isn't it firstly just a nice simple Black Box this would quite work quite well with a like a jewel price for their bespoke crackers is just under ,000 for a dozen and that's before they put any gifts inside or paper hats what very traditional isn't it yeah it's a bit kit yes I know what you mean very kind aristocracy so we do have some um titled people coming yeah so customers can personalize their crackers if any of them have family crusts it's something like that it's not very clear the light kind of hides it doesn't it does a bit we can get other ones that's very clever I'm honest I can't imagine any of my clients going for the smaller ones I I think they would all go big simply because the types of gifts that they can put in them much yeah they're going to need a bigger Barrel inside to fit them in particularly if it's jewelry or like a pect Philip watch would sit really nicely in there if they're buying their daughter a car for Christmas you put the car keys inside the cracker yeah that's nice idea really nice idea again jokingly if you bought them a horse you'd put a figurine of a horse in and say that's your horse for Christmas but actually there's one out in the field the bespoke Christmas crackers will have a place at francis's Christmas Market it's going to be a really good evening there's going to be a couple of uh titled people there in the room we'll have a net worth of about over 100 million with just six weeks until Christmas more and more shops are going festive none more so than that of Flores Neil strain in Belgravia hello Neil hi Susan how are you although here floristry is referred to as floral Couture I really want something a bit different this year Susan is one of Neil's regulars and as always at this time of year she's wreath shopping this time I think I'd like to go look get something a little bit different Neil's wreaths start at £600 that is so different they're like artwork I mean this is Art those are really amazing many of floral Couture's customers use Neil's annual service so he can decorate their homes with fresh flowers all year round if it's a smaller apartment prices would usually be in the hundreds if it's a a Newton Square t house it can often in the tens of thousands of pounds we say tens of thousands per month per week you too one of Neil's best properties is a house in Cent Garden owned by a middle eastern couple but he's never met them they have a property manager James Taylor who organizes services such as Neil's so it's that time of year again it is um the client in Covent Garden I know you look after them regularly they're going to be in London quite a lot for Christmas um they're spending some of the time in the south of France and their house there they're going to be in New York as well but Christmas day is going to be in London and they really want to pull out all the stops in terms of you designing something really special for them yeah of course yeah it's a gorgeous house to work in so an exciting challenge the other thing if you could let me know sooner rather than later is the colors that you're actually going to use because the one house last year they actually refurnished certain rooms to go with their Christmas decorations they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree they plan to be in London for 36 hours um but you know what sometimes someone may invest that sort of money and stay in New York and never actually see them people like James are essential to their super rich clients if only to remind them where all their money is and we had an instance once where the daughter um a member of a very wealthy family saw a house that was um boarded up and had Security in in Mayfair and she thought that that house would tick the Box in terms of her new home and when we started searching on land registry and looking at the offshore company structure as it turns out they already owned it with just over a month until Christmas London shops are in full festive swing and so is Amar his Christmas tree topper is finished I have seen a few hints but I'm now actually going to see in its full glory and I'm really excited the unveiling so magnificent wow it is truly beautiful it's beautifully designed and impeccably rendered uh congratulations I think it's fantastic absolutely absolutely thank you um so the final price is 615,000 because that then accounts for vat yes additional costs of Packaging we're ready to insert so the topping ceremony the center protagonist uh really really dazzles the star will be offered for sale exclusively to very first two members what are the odds of this setting am more you're a betting man I am indeed the I would say the odds are fair in everyone's favor Michael and Janetta are delivering Louisa's bespoke order the kind of commission that could revolutionize their company bumpy bobles I'm always nervous but they're beautiful they really are I think they are they've had many major problems with their model of xii's famous Gold Leaf cocktail so the cocktail glass has been an issue from day one and getting the little gold leaf on the top has been awfully difficult and we've had it arrived this morning not exactly how I wanted it but it still looks beautiful doesn't it but we need to explain to the re oh we can fix it possibly we can fix it as we go cuz we have some more gold leaf with us no hello Louisa you right it's a 10,000 order for Russian entrepreneur Louisa's first Christmas in London that's a beautiful decoration it's quite difficult to make it very difficult real gold paint this is so beautiful yeah they are aren't they cocktail glass and we got the real gold leaf the stem may be a little chunky and the paint bubbles never materialized am it look I think it looks just the same as our cocktail yeah but the client's happy oh wow so this is our special piece of gold quite strong to be honest I even didn't expect that it would be so good it's amazing this is just the most beautiful Christmas tree I think I think everybody would love it and is that an atin Martin it looks like a Ferrari actually Louisa has invited her friends to admire her bespoke bobles bomy is the name Michael's bubles have hit the big time in Mayfair I'm just trying to work out what my favorite is I think it has to be this yeah it's nice to have a porch hanging from your Christmas tree though it's a room full of potential clients it's like the day when you're old always believe in magic so Something Good Can Happen I kind of think we've done it I think we've done it I hope so fingers crossed Santa's coming Santa's coming yes on that note to Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas another day another deadline in Belgravia there are now just hours until francis's Christmas shopping event no don't need that just need that table there I do want the other column with the email addresses in because we need to get everybody's email address as they come in suppliers are preparing their products Katie's bespoke Christmas cracker service deliss Handmade Chocolates from Dubai for almost £800 a box luxury hampers for £2,000 and even a luxury golf trolley picnic set each of the products and suppliers that are here pay for themselves to be here so it's a good way not only to network with each other and build up business connections but also to get to promote your great products that to a client base that you haven't had access to before so we're just waiting for the jewelry girls nervous actually nervous I don't normally get nervous but I do feel a little bit nervous CU normally it's all about me and tonight it's not just about me it's about everybody else it has to work for them as well hello how are you that's algra and her mother Julia algra is a Italian Duchess and her mother is an Italian marchess but we need some staff to bring over the champagne wealthy clients mix with suppliers Keen to supply them shsh have finally arrived with their bejweled necklaces this one on offer for £24,000 and their trademark USB mushrooms and this is wi go £43,000 it's amazing but as always with a super rich it has to be a soft sale people don't want to be sold to it you know but they want to be able to experience different products and this is a really good informal and good businesses being done people are making contacts as well which is great yakob Yu the chairman of an investment company has spotted toiss chocolates know one of my AIDS turn around and um mentioned I should attend this event I was looking for some unique G you unique gift something which is not available and um here I am and I'm hoping to put some orders for some of my very very close senior friends every year it gets difficult finding that unique that point of difference that different gift I want about 25 boxes anything about 800 to 1,000 Mark another 50 boxes for me but a different range I want every box this SP in the sense the name of the receiver should be on every box that is very easy that it's an order worth almost 60,000 I think it's gone well I do think it's gone well tonight a lot of a lot more people than I was expecting turned up as well I tried to talk to the who I'm hoping I might be able to persuade to become a client it's been a productive night for some guests and suppliers and Francis May well have found a new client that everybody has heard of and clients want something that's different and unattainable and this is what these guys are we're supposed to go the three events tonight but I think we will stay here this is going to be the best you think in Cent Garden Neil the florist is taking delivery of his Christmas tree a Pampered 12-footer to decorate his client's six-story grade two listed townhouse we're going to need to take off just a little bit more off the top yeah it's just important that we don't lose the shap hi yeah our clients regardless of nationality or religious beliefs they just love the Christmas tree just as I expected beautiful oh God what even with a budget of £250,000 it's good to see some Christmas traditions never change we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree it's going to be very full very Lux very opulent this is a magnolia leaf that has been dipped in gold paint not using any tinsil this year it's a little bit retro for the style of the house every room in the house receives Neil's Magic Touch even the bathroom and even the bath the homeowners have entrusted the project to their property manager James who comes to make sure everything is perfect Neil I tell you they they are going to be over the Moon I mean look at that yes so again color-wise just picking up the gos the coverers the family in question they're from the Middle East but they have quite European taste so it kind of ticks it ticks all the boxes yes there's still a question mark over whether the owners will actually turn up but for now James is planning the full package we started to uh purchase some of the presents so they they're going all out EXC this year all out is there enough space underneath this tree for the presents that they're going to be buying there'll be the normal Christmas presents that everyone loves to enjoy and then one or two that your average family won't be purchasing like two Bentley's la

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kurt-l6k [2 likes]: Plastic  people.
  2. @steph-pet [2 likes]: The etiquette expert was absolutely revolting... What a total and utter fraud. He was so unreal and non-human, it was bizarre. His face, his walk, his affected personality, it was abhorrent. The lady was pleasant and decent.
  3. @timw4369 [1 likes]: Who cares. This is the dumbest video on you tube ever
  4. @kambizrohany9183 [1 likes]: Rich or poor, in the end, will die (R.I.P) and not be able to take one penny; life is too short.
  5. @GabriellaKapsaski [1 likes]: When I saw William I stopped watching! I can't stand him!
  6. @Kvergetakis [1 likes]: Scammers are a global issue
  7. @sal6603 [1 likes]: class war now
  8. @ZOONGOZEEN: pale galleria
  9. @OnTheComputer3924: Seems like transporting all this food around  at a moment's notice on the whim of a zillionaire creates an impressive carbon footprint. 

See, reducing carbon is just for the great unwashed. So called "elites"  will continue to generate as much carbon as they please.
  10. @javayna2353: This is nice but I can’t help but think about those who are starving and children living in extreme poverty on dirt.
  11. @KhaledBenDhaou75: Rich people don't spend that much. They just don't care. Only the wannabe rich spend to impress. They always tell their mates I bought this and that and I spent this sum at a certain restaurant or club.
  12. @olayemi669: ❤🎉❤🎉❤
  13. @FedericoGallo-h7s: excelente, maravilloso!!!!!
  14. @omarnadeem33: What a lovely time for YouTube to recommend this video
  15. @sabinaes4724: Boring lifestyle 🥱
  16. @shingmaxable: 2026 Rich leaving London
  17. @michellesun6296: How to spell bo bos?
  18. @shauny2146: Pigs . 
Next level after this is for them is jerky grape soda and pizza
  19. @GrenadaInternational: in the Caribbean we clean out the sea urchin, pack them back in the shells and roast them on the outside fire.
  20. @AXBLOWSIV: ☺️ cute

- How the World’s Wealthiest People Travel: Kind: captions Language: en There are roughly 295,450 people with at least $30 million. Such individuals, referred to as ultra-high net worth, represent about 0.0037% of the human population, yet they hold about a third, $35 trillion, of the world’s wealth. Therefore, it’s no wonder why a massive, global industry exists, fully centered on supporting the nomadic lifestyles of the world’s wealthiest 295 thousand. As with any socioeconomic class, ultra high net worth individuals are more likely to socialize with other ultra high net worth individuals, yet intriguingly, the number of people earning and spending similarly to you goes down as your income goes up. Therefore, once you get to the top of the income scale, the scarcity of people like you stretches your social networks out to a global scale. Through the years, this led to the creation of the informal but remarkably systematized so-called “Billionaire’s Social Calendar.” The year often starts on St Barts—the traditional New Year’s Eve spot for the wealthiest few—then February might include the Superbowl, and March skiing in Aspen or St Moritz. Spring starts with the Masters Golf Tournament in Augusta, Georgia, while May includes the Cannes Film Festival and the conveniently close Monaco Grand Prix. June’s highlight is the Henley Royal Rowing Regatta in England, July’s is Wimbledon, August’s is the Venice Film Festival, while September often includes a return to Monaco for its yacht show. October’s the Frieze London Art Fair, November might include a trip down under for the Melbourne Cup, and finally, the last major event of the year, before St Barts, of course, is Art Basel Miami Beach. These events are hardly about the events themselves—most wealthy attendees to Monaco’s grand prix hardly care about the racing and its yacht show is far more than a sales event for the vessels—but rather they serve as an exclusive space made available only to wealthy people who want to socialize with other wealthy people. While few go to all, and each adapts the calendar to their preferences, ultra-wealthy individuals have often expressed a feeling of obligation to join the circuit in order to maintain their social standing. Such pressure may have motivated Jeff Bezos, for example, to start his 2022 as he did— on a yacht off St Barts with his partner, Lauren Sanchez. Thanks to publicly-available aircraft transponder data, however, we’re able to see what he did with the rest of his January. Bezos’ pair of G650 jets are too large for St Barts’ short runway, so they waited on neighboring Saint Martin while the billionaire rang in the New Year. Then, on the 1st, N271DV took off for the seven-hour flight to Los Angeles to drop Sanchez off, while the other, N758PB, flew the next day to take Bezos directly home to Seattle. Over the next two weeks, both jets regularly shuttled up and down the west coast between Seattle and Burbank, presumably to take Bezos and Sanchez to visit each other. On January 13th, however, one of the jets flew from Burbank to Maui while the other flew from Seattle and stopped briefly at LAX before continuing on to Maui, presumably carrying Sanchez and Bezos respectively to the billionaire’s new $78 million vacation home on the island, then each jet returned to the mainland four days later. Bezos appeared to visit Sanchez again on the 23rd, then four days later flew directly to Washington DC—Bezos owns the biggest home in the District; the largest newspaper in the city; and his company, Amazon, is constructing its second headquarters across the river in Crystal City, Virginia—so he was likely there for business. But finally, Bezos finished out the month by flying back to Burbank, once again—and he did all of this while threading the needle between highlights on the Billionaire’s social calendar, as just 11 days later he flew down to LA for the Superbowl.&nbsp;&nbsp; Across January, Bezos’ lifestyle called for his G650s to fly 29,000 miles or 46,000 kilometers in total, which is roughly equivalent to flying between Seattle and Sydney four times. To fuel this extent of travel, his jets used about 24,838 gallons or 94,022 liters of fuel, which could otherwise be used to propel the largest passenger aircraft in the world, an A380, across the Atlantic from DC to London with 500 passengers aboard.&nbsp; But Bezos’ travel is indicative of the way that market analysts think ultra-luxury travel is heading. You see, two phenomena are crashing head on into each other to throw the industry into turmoil. First, more people are getting wealthy than ever, as money is becoming increasingly consolidated at the top, and second, merely wealthy people are traveling less frequently than in years past, but spending more than ever. Data indicate that prior to COVID, Americans spent an average of $4,871 on a trip to Greece, but now, it’s all the way up to $6,561. Airline executives have also jubilantly noted that first and business class revenue is remarkably strong, despite the continued weakness of the traditionally lucrative business-travel segment, mostly thanks to leisure travelers opting to pay the premium for more luxurious travel at a greater rate than ever. In New York City, the ultra-luxury hotel market is said to be booming, with all-time high prices and occupancy rates and new super-premium properties opening faster than ever. Summer 2022 saw the opening of the highly-anticipated Aman New York, with the cheapest room starting at $2,600 a night, but more regularly pricing in the three or four thousands. Five years ago, the Aman’s sister property—the Utah desert resort known as Amangiri—started at $1,400 a night, but these days, that’s doubled to $2,800 a night, and even with dynamic pricing charging a hefty premium for the most attractive dates, plenty of nights are regularly sold out, even many months in advance. And of course, for those lucky enough to get a booking at resorts like the Amangiri, they need a way to get there so it’s no wonder that 2021 saw an all-time record-high number of private jet flights—3.3 million globally. This tremendous growth was in large part enabled by the propagation of the on-demand charter business model. Companies like Wheels Up, NetJets, and XO have revolutionized the industry by simplifying one-off charters of private jets, which makes the means of travel far more achievable for the twice-a-year wealthy leisure traveler. These private jets are serviced by fixed-based-operators, which essentially act as private terminals-for-hire, and these are also observing record traffic, leading to more FBOs being developed, which is pushing up prices for airport real-estate and hangars to an all-time-high as well. So, as the industry has grown as large as ever, it’s simultaneously more expensive than ever and more frustrating than ever to get access to a private jet. Essentially, across the ultra-luxury travel segment, there’s a capacity crunch. More people than ever are willing to pay more for a night in a top hotel than most do for a month of rent; or more for a two-hour private flight than most pay for their cars. The pace of industry growth is outmatched by the growth in demand for the segment. The incredible consequence is that the super wealthy have pushed the ultra-wealthy out from their traditional stomping grounds. There simply are not publicly-available travel experiences expensive and exclusive enough for the wealthiest of the wealthiest anymore, so they’re essentially turning to private everything. Yachts fulfill this need well—they allow the ultra-rich to travel on their own terms, bringing the quality of accommodations they expect to wherever they want to go, largely regardless of outside demand. But where they want to go is still largely dictated by that Billionaire’s calendar, so each fall, as the temperatures in the Med drop and the final summer events finish up, a maritime migration begins. Some of the superyachts push off the dock with pared-down crews to begin the lengthy transatlantic passage under their own power, and while most yachts are capable of taking on most ocean crossings, it’s an expensive, impractical, and dangerous endeavor. That’s why these exist—yacht-carrying ships. These ships work year-round connecting the world’s yachting hotspots, but in the fall and spring, it’s all about the transatlantic migration. So, at the end of the Med season, a deluge of vessels descend on yachting hubs like Genoa, Italy and Palma de Mallorca, Spain to load up on one of these vessels—their owners paying up to $100 thousand for the convenience. Upon arrival in the Caribbean, their owners can once again access their yachts, providing convenient access to winter events like Art Basel Miami and New Year’s on St Barts.&nbsp; As with every other segment of the industry, however, the superyacht industry is growing faster than ever, meaning what was previously a refuge from the constraints of land is finding itself increasingly stuck out at sea. Take, for instance, a berth at the Yacht Club de Monaco. First and foremost, it’ll cost you. During the summer season, a night will cost the shortest vessels $275; but if you’d like to dock the same boat during the Monaco Grand Prix, the price skyrockets to over $16,500 a night. To get one of the few spots that can fit the largest 60 or 70 meter vessels, it’ll cost $73,000 a night, but even then, the clubhouse building blocks the view of the track, so to actually see the race, this fee includes access for two to the building itself.&nbsp; But cost is hardly the issue here. Rather, it’s club membership, which requires that you were first sponsored by a member then approved by the admissions committee. Once in, to secure a spot during the Med Season, berth reservations have to be booked months in advance. But for the only event that parallels the Grand Prix in exclusivity, the yacht show, just getting a berth is only half the battle. When showing your superyacht off to other attendees, the best spot to dock is here, across the way, so onlookers can take in the full profile of the vessel rather than just its rear. But getting these spots requires first that the yacht is too long to fit in a traditional spot, and that you, or your captain, has a strong relationship with the event directors—relationships that take years to form.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Navigating these busy waters is an expensive pain. Superyacht ownership in general is an expensive Yachts don't actually get someone from one place to the next efficiently at all—on the open ocean they’re generally unpleasantly bumpy rides—and yearly costs generally average around 10% of the boat’s value. Yet, across the board, no matter the length, sales only continue to rise. Anecdotally, the deals cut on the decks of these behemoth boats, and the valuable relationships curated at yacht club bars are said to make the investment worth it. As one new yacht owner told the New Yorker “one deal secured on board will pay it all back many times over.”So, increasingly, the yacht is now perceived as a necessary component of the Billionaire’s social calendar, meaning the same way the wealthiest few are feeling about private aviation and ultra-luxury hotels now extends to the yachting world as well. In response, the ultrawealthy are getting more creative. Over the past five years, just as overall sales and superyacht builds have risen, the number of superyachts over 40 meters being refitted has nearly doubled. More often than not, refitting means a visit to a boat yard for minor alterations. Sometimes, though, these refits are major, which reflects a growing trend: the rise of the expedition yacht. With traditional waters busier than ever and the experiential economy as big as ever, billionaires are rebuilding and buying superyachts capable of taking on more adventurous trips, be it sojourns into the Arctic or lengthy, remote prowls across the Pacific. At the extreme end of this trend is a former Soviet icebreaker now rebuilt as an equally tough and luxurious expedition yacht called Legend. On the other, experiential yachting firms have popped up that create World War II battle simulations in the Pacific for bored kids or set up temporary restaurants on sandbars in the middle of the Maldives.&nbsp; The trend toward exploration and expedition isn’t just a superyacht thing either. At the same time that increasingly numerous millionaires are pushing the ultra wealthy away from their old stops, the interest in and social value of unique experiences is pulling billionaires to services offering one-of-a-kind adventures—from up-close gorilla safaris in Rwanda, to luxurious overland treks to the south pole. These luxpeditions, as they’re called, are individually curated by companies like Brown and Hudson to push their guests through Bear Grylls-like experiences in frigid winter conditions before they escape to tents with heated floors and Michelin star-worthy food waiting on them. Their goal is that the trip, in their words, is seared into the participant’s memory. And if the extreme outdoors isn’t of interest, Brown and Hudson offer the opportunity to travel like James Bond, to live a few days like someone else entirely, or go off on a globe-trotting Grand Tour. For the ultra-wealthy, the options are really endless. As long as it’s legal, said one representative of a referral-only travel service, they’ll do anything for a client. Bespoke traveling for the billionaire class is booming, and as long as the traveler gets a good story out of the experience or the ability to brag about visiting the Salar Uyani salt desert in Bolivia or the most rural reaches of Sudan before any of their friends, they’ll keep paying well into the hundreds of thousands for it. But of course, the true top of the market is what we don’t know about yet. Increasingly, wealthy people are traveling to be seen—either in person or on social media. In response, ultra wealthy people are increasingly traveling to disappear—as reflected in the record sales of secluded $30, $40, and $50 million vacation homes in places like Hawaii, Colorado, and the Caribbean. We don’t have a great sense of the ins and outs of the most expensive travel experiences, because the secrecy is part of the premium itself. By the time we do, the top of the wealth pyramid will have moved onto something else—always staying one step ahead of the merely wealthy.&nbsp; If you want to learn more about the yachting world, and specifically how builders are managing to design ever larger and more luxurious yachts, I’d recommend checking out this episode of the show Ultimate Processes on Curiosity Stream. Tens of thousands of Wendover viewers are already subscribed to CuriosityStream, but for those of you who aren’t yet, the good news is that it’s actually a really good deal when signing up through our link, because that also gets you access to Nebula for free. Nebula is a streaming site founded by myself and a bunch of the other creators that Wendover viewers likely already watch, and as a creator owned and operated platform, it was designed from the ground up to be the best home to the stuff we make. For example, by losing the ad-supported model, we’re able to make videos on more niche subjects that we know would appeal to our core audience, but potentially not to the size of audience that would make it profitable on YouTube. We’re also able to make higher-budget stuff, called Nebula Originals—we at Wendover have made all these, each of which is some of our best stuff. You’d probably be blown away by the price if it was just for that, but it’s not, because the cheapest way to get access to Nebula, as I mentioned, is through CuriosityStream. When you all go to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover and sign up for any of their subscriptions, they’ll throw in a Nebula subscription completely for free. That means you get access to all of the exclusive stuff we’ve made at Wendover, Half as Interesting, and Jet Lag: The Game; plus all the exclusive stuff the 150 other Nebula creators have made; plus the entire, massive, top-quality CuriosityStream catalog of non-fiction shows and documentaries. To get all of this, for a year, all you have to do basically is not eat one cheeseburger—or at least one overpriced cheeseburger. That’s because when you head to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover the annual subscription to CuriosityStream is just $14.79 a year right now, and again, that includes a free subscription to Nebula, which helps support us and loads of other independent creators. So, click the button on-screen or head over to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover, and thanks in advance for your support.&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arcadelt12 [13 likes]: I never realized how boring it could be to be ultra rich...
  2. @DerrickBlackwell-q2h [4 likes]: epstein island too
  3. @RedStickNotary [3 likes]: Fine, rich folks, but don't lecture me about the carbon footprint of my little Honda.
  4. @buzzvuzz [2 likes]: with those expenses at needing a yacht for their yacht and the high demand premiums for docking fees, no wonder the poor fellows need  tax breaks here and there. It's hard being wealthy....
  5. @JohnSmith-li7xe [2 likes]: Way to gate keep on reality. Because more people are making money with super rich wants to run away
  6. @Fuego065 [2 likes]: Well, in hindsight, we now all know what they were doing in and around St Barthemely around the new year. Or at the very least what Elon Musk was planning via mails around this period. Guess it was a very opportune time to get advice from the great financier a few islands over.
  7. @criticalhit5041 [2 likes]: Bezoz have a money but he cannot choise his GF 😂
  8. @Duh-hq4tx [1 likes]: Missed Epstein island.
  9. @wasumyon [1 likes]: The all live around Epstein's Island a quarter of the year huh.
  10. @sethc4758 [1 likes]: 1:04 or the Yellowstone Club in Big Sky, Im sure Jackson Hole also see's it's fair share
  11. @sharymens8187 [1 likes]: how many superyachts are there in the world?
  12. @Hugh.Manatee: The billionaire class is a cancer for society. They get rich by paying their workers as little as possible and evading taxes through loopholes they pay politicians not to care about. Then paying pundits to pitch the middle class against the poor to keep everyone distracted from the real problem; the way we deal with wealth distribution. Communism was a terrible idea, but that doesn't mean we have to stop looking for a better alternative than capitalism.
  13. @somethingfunny9341: Where is epstein's island on the circuit?
  14. @Ivanfbi: As much as we might hate these wealthy individuals... thinking about how much of your anger is envy... 

Reality of the situation is, I would rather have these billionaires in a capitalist democracy than cast system of socialism, where "everyone is equal"
  15. @codelapiz: i keep saying that we need to find a way to make wealthy people spend their money in a productive way. invite the 1000 largest tax payers to different events thrueout the year. and give better seating the higher up on the list they are. give them a gold colored card that lets them drive in the bus lane and park in handicap spots. We need to give away some stuff that makes them feel like they are getting something unique that they cant get any other way that they can flex on their sligthly less wealthy peers with, or that they will feel inferior if they dont have. suddenly you would see theese people asking their top dollar accountants to find loopholes on how they can pay more taxes. The problem isnt that wealthy people have theese greedy material wishes that they need to skip out on taxes to afford. no its that paying taxes dosent give status, it dosent allow you to express yourself to your peers. rich people have the same need that everyone has to use money towards expressing oneself and one-upping peers. We need to find a way to let the super wealthy do this in a way that contributes to society.
  16. @Greshapa: This is absolutely disgusting.
  17. @SeanDonaldMitchell: After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl, you don’t see money the same way. It feels like you finally learned rules that were never meant to be taught.
  18. @KANAKAJA: Bezos married Sanchez. Partner? It's called a wife.
  19. @Ericdud444: no hockey mentioned in the tour, guess im not going
  20. @dwaynesbadchemicals: What if you’re a billionaire that isn’t interested in any of that crap?

- Wealth, privilege, and responsibility - The world of the superrich | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Ah I forgot to say the most important thing during the interview… Wealth means… freedom. That's what really matters. Not having any constraints. And that's the really nice part… I can basically say whatever I want. You can just forget about everything else. What responsibilities do people who have to society, when they have much more than others? We're in Biarritz, France. In-season prices for a double room at the famous Hotel Du Palais start at 800 euros a night – breakfast not included. Georges Kern is the CEO of Swiss luxury watchmaker Breitling. His estimated fortune: 250 million euros. It's not something I really feel in my daily life: being wealthy. The money's just there, but I don't obsess about it. But what does having wealth mean? Do you feel that you have influence? Yes. Why? Because my clients do. I have a lot of rich clients. They're watch aficionados, but for them it's primarily about identifying with a particular image. The products we sell are completely redundant. Nobody needs a watch to tell the time anymore. We manufacture our own demand. It's not about responding to a need. We create that need. Here's one way Georges Kern creates that demand… His company, Breitling, has flown in 90 professional surfers, influencers and celebrities from around the world here to Biarritz. Thank you very much for being here. We’re going to introduce some cool stuff today. Georges Kern is presenting his new watch – starting price: 5,100 euros. After lunch, the guests will be invited to some high-end surfing lessons. In Georges Kern's case: from an 8-time world champion … although he's not keen on being filmed out on the water, in case he takes a tumble. Germany has lost that winning mentality – unfortunately. 'Winning mentality' meaning…? To win! I always want to win – and I don't feel awkward saying that. Even when I was playing ping pong with my 5-year-old son I'd show no mercy – so that he'd learn how to lose too. Because losing makes you want to win. Because who wants to be a loser? Hmm, So how do we go about finding the right images for a film about the societal responsibility of Germany’s rich? How about a trip to the archives? It starts like this: Being rich means… champagne… caviar… luxury sportscars, private jets, pristine beaches and… nice teeth. But joking aside: The media have always provided a clichéd portrayal of the wealthy. The story of the gulf between the rich and poor is as old as money itself. But who is rich in today's Germany? And how much does the average German actually own? Markus Grabka is a wealth researcher. Starting with the lower 50 percent, with the least wealth: Their assets tend to be things tied to basic consumption – a bank account, or maybe a car. Between 50 up to the top tenth of a percent you see this: Some home-owners, maybe they also have private insurances, perhaps savings bonds. And then with the top tenth of a percent: The most important component of their wealth are their business assets. In Germany, the poorer half of the population only owns an estimated 2.3 percent of the country's wealth… while the richest 0.1 percent own around 20 percent. US-based lecturer Katharina Pistor has done extensive research on those who profit the most. For the rich, wealth of course means freedom. And I think they should bear greater responsibility – because of that wealth and the capacity they have to help others. Josef Rick is a building contractor and developer based in Düsseldorf, Germany. His wealth comes from selling luxury apartments – in this case overlooking the city's upscale Königsallee. You can't get more central than this. This is where the buzz is, where the action is. A top location, this is obviously top-drawer. How much per square meter? Here we’re surely around 20 euros per square meter – which is to be expected in this kind of location and with the appropriate features. Living here is a luxury. Renting at 20 euros per square meter is twice the average going rate in major German cities. Josef Rick's business assets are his properties. And his business – building, modernizing and selling real estate – has already earned him a fortune of between 40 and 100 million euros. Back in his villa, he lets us take a look at his tax records from when he was a management consultant in the pre-euro era. It states here in this document that his income was almost one million deutschmarks – now half a million euros. Income tax: zero – thanks to a number of loopholes favoring the already privileged. I had a phase back then where I had good tax advisors helping me to optimize my accounting wherever it was possible. That was the objective, and it worked. And not just for that year. Back then wealthy people were able to bring their tax liability down to zero if they wanted to. And I largely still manage to do that today. It's not difficult. But that doesn't mean he finds such tax breaks fair. Most of the super-wealthy in Germany aren't mega-achievers. They've inherited their wealth. They haven't worked for it – their money works for them! So it's wrong to think of them as titans of industry. That sentiment applies to people who work hard and with dedication – and those who do just that are being heavily taxed in our country, which is just nonsense. We don’t have a meritocracy. We have a society where those that work hard are taxed and those who do little go practically tax-free. It's a theater of the absurd. Privleges that many believe are unearned. Josef Rick wants to see higher tax rates for the rich - even though he himself benefits from the current system. I'm still someone who uses these loopholes – which I find weird. I criticize the system, but because I live in this system, I use its advantages. And there are a lot of them. For example? Using depreciations in value, in real estate, for example. There are countless privileges available to me personally, too. And I don't feel guilty about using them – because it's what the law says. But I do want to talk about whether that law is sensible. Let’s go take a look at what the law actually states. Income from labor is subject to far higher taxation than increases in the value of assets. So people who sell their labor – from a certain level, at least – pay far higher rates than if you sit at home just watching your capital grow. Let’s look at some numbers. In Germany, all annual earned income over 67,000 euros is subject to a rate of 42 percent. Anyone earning over 278,000 pays an even higher rate: 45 percent. Individuals whose income comes from capital gains – so shares or business stakes, and in Germany, dividends and interest too – incur a tax rate of just 25 percent. …And even that's too high in the eyes of many of the super-rich. Moving profits abroad to tax havens has long been the name of the game, to reduce, or even eliminate taxes entirely. The red line is tax evasion. But the attempt to… circumvent or minimize your tax bill is not considered a red line. If I want to set up a firm but don't want certain parts of it to face German-style taxation, then I'll talk to a tax consultant about using legal constructs involving different baskets so-to-speak. One basket is in Germany and subject to German law, another one in a tax haven, and maybe one for my children. And what about children? In Germany, wealthy parents can pass along massive sums tax free. Here’s how the gift tax works in Germany: Let's say a wealthy couple have a baby. They can transfer 800,000 euros to their child's account, tax-free. And that isn’t just a one time thing, they can claim that tax-free allowance again and again, every ten years. So in our example: when that child turns 10 and again when they turn 20. And that adds up to a total of 2.4 million euros that the parents can transfer tax-free. Now let's take an average-earning full-time employee in the west of Germany. Say they save 10 percent of their income: a typical savings rate. That individual will need 670 years to reach that same figure of 2.4 million euros. That's the result of the 'birth lottery'. Simply being born into the 'right family' and circumstances gives you systematic financial advantages over people who don’t win that lottery. To find out more about those who are born into the right families, we went to Lake Constance on the southern border of Germany – and to a place where privilege and inequality are visible at a very early stage in life: in education. This is the elite boarding school Schloss Salem. The list of pupils who have passed through this gateway to a privileged start in life is an illustrious one. Prince Philip, husband to the late Queen Elizabeth the Second, Prince Ernst August of Hanover – as well as countless company owners and executives from the cream of German industry: from food empire Dr. Oetker to carmaker BMW. The school agreed to let us film on the premises, subject to its own terms, and was eager for us to see pupils learning about the topic of responsibility. Jackets off, please – and take your seats. We'll begin with a piece played by Philippa called The Swan from Carnival of the Animals. Thank you. While Germany's state schools suffer from an education crisis, due to chronic underfunding: Here, money is not an issue, thanks to the high tuition fees. The school's motto: building character through courage and trust. Salem is like a family: a place of acceptance where you can be how you are. Both the values and laws of Salem are an integral part of every pupil. These laws include responsibility and commitment. We all bear individual responsibility for this community. …responsibility that many of the pupils already know from home. Max's family runs a big German company. Great that we're able to meet up! Today he’s meeting with Janka Zöller. She advises families looking to register their children at boarding schools. It was her agency that got Max enrolled at Schloss Salem. You’re in your third year now? Yes, the third year is just starting. Salem was the right place for you, right? My mother said there was an agency that would arrange it. We looked at a couple of schools, like Birklehof. Then I looked at Salem and thought: if I'm going anywhere, then here. And what was it that won you over? The campus. And the people who showed me around were really nice. The other Pupils? Yes. The sense of community is really important. Today it's Max's turn to be the guide, together with a schoolmate. That's the girls' dormitory, with a balcony for each room. And here you have the tennis and basketball courts and football pitches. Which sports do you do? Tennis, volleyball and golf. I play hockey and also golf. That's the science building, where we have… All of the natural sciences. Probably my favorite building. We have our own lab, too. There was one at my old school, but this one is far more modern and better equipped. It is pretty exceptional compared to regular schools, wouldn't you say? I would say that it's a kind of privilege to attend Salem. And I'm hugely grateful for the opportunity to be here and be able to further my personal and academic education. It's kind of a shame that this kind of education, plus all the activities, isn’t available to everyone in Germany – and that it's only reserved to a privileged group of people. Max's father runs a well-known German business with a workforce of several hundred people. That's all we’re allowed to say. What we can't see on our little tour are the networks that develop here. If I need to do an internship, I might know someone whose uncle works at that company – so that's definitely a privilege. Having access to this network with the opportunities that come with it will definitely make things easier. Privileges that extend beyond the school's walls. Inside them, the 600 students benefit from small classes and individual tutoring – from fifth grade to their final year, before university. One in five pupils have a scholarship, but most pay fees of around 4,000 euros per month. A first-aid course at the school's own harbor on Lake Constance. There are also student committees, where they again learn about taking responsibility. Germany has several hundred thousand family-run businesses. And Max is among the future heirs who could imagine one day assuming a senior management position. I notice how much I enjoy taking on a kind of leadership role. And I can see myself doing something like that in the future: Even if it's only head of department or something. Family ties and networks provide a leg up – starting with the choice of school. We visit Janka Zöller at her pupil-placement agency. She herself was once a pupil at Salem. We work with at least 30 schools with a range of different characteristics. And of course including Salem, which is a very famous school. Parents who can spare the 50,000 euros in annual fees are among Germany's very top-earners, and are keen to give their children a privileged start for their future. A significant number of boarding school pupils will later join the family business. The boarding schools that we sell to people are a very niche and exclusive product… And basically it's like with any luxury good, in that they're only affordable to a very small group of people. It's not fair, of course. I'd like to see a lot more children having access to this kind of schooling. But the society we live in isn't fair. For me, if I had that money, then before buying a car or an expensive vacation or holiday home, I'd always say: if there's one thing worth investing in, it's my child's education. And just how niche is this product? One year's schooling at Salem costs an average of just under 51,000 euros. The average wage of a full-time employee in Germany is just under 54,000 – before taxes. 8.7 million children currently attend state schools in Germany. The number of pupils studying at boarding and other elite schools with fees of 40,000 euros and up… is 3,100. We met someone who attended Salem without having drawn a winning ticket in the birth lottery. First time, them all call me a bastard Then they tell me: get a proper haircut …a song written by musician Patrice Bart-Williams during his schooldays at Salem. Did he feel he was part of the elite? ‘Educational elite’ is maybe a bit over the top, because it's not about achievement, really. It's more about: can I afford that and do I want it? And of course it's about who can recommend you. It's basically a company of great tradition, with a lot of children from aristocratic backgrounds and big industrial families. So yes: the elite. It does have some highly gifted people – and some who they want to lend a hand to! The Cologne-born musician, who prefers to be known by his artist name: Simply 'Patrice', was admitted to Salem on a scholarship. I'm from a completely different background. I was into skating, and spent a lot of time outside. I didn't have the sheltered upbringing that a lot of the others had. We were really different in terms of life experience. Patrice says he was seen as a difficult student – but nonetheless, the school gave him plenty of encouragement and support. Without that school, I probably wouldn't have had the opportunity to start playing the guitar. They provided students the opportunity to develop their talents. They make sure nobody gets left behind. They take care to ensure that everyone's on board. And how would Patrice have fared without that opportunity? At a state school with big classes and without 24-hour support and supervision – suffering from underfunding. But where would the money for better public schooling come from?! The two words on a lot of people's lips: Germany's wealth tax was suspended in 1997 by then chancellor Helmut Kohl. It's anyone's guess exactly how much Germans own since that move – because nobody's been counting that closely. But estimates suggest that the suspension has cost the state around 380 billion euros in lost revenues. That’s money that’s desperately needed elsewhere – which is why Josef Rick is in favor of a wealth tax. "We have huge problem-areas that lack public funding – everywhere from crumbling schools to run-down local authority buildings, the police and fire departments. It doesn’t matter where you look, the hospitals too! There's a tangible lack of funding everywhere, while we choose not to collect these taxes that we could really use. It's scandalous. So we should eliminate these privileges of the super-rich? It wouldn't do any harm. It would mean people giving a little more who can in any case do that. I'd go even further and say you could generate some pride from making that contribution to the community. But making that change is the responsibility of the government. Period. Would it actually be that easy? Higher taxes and special levies on wealth and inherited assets? Königsallee is Düsseldorf's high-class shopping boulevard, where fabulous wealth is literally on display in every window. Among the jewelers selling their wares here back in the day was a certain René Kern. He was the father of Georges Kern, now head of luxury watchmaker Breitling. When not jet-setting around the world, he's here in the firm's Zurich offices. Does he feel any responsibility? The state takes in so much money – Germany is swimming in it! But their priorities are all wrong when it comes to spending it. They have massive infrastructure problems in Germany, no proper army, no decent school system, and a partly dilapidated healthcare system. The question is how you spend your money. He believes that tax breaks for business owners are fully justified. Those aren't privileges. The state should be glad it has businesspeople who take risks. Those people should be rewarded for their achievements – for their contribution. So: no changes needed? There's evidently a recurring theme here – the notion of business owners being the backbone of society. The people who bear the burden of taking risks – and should therefore be rewarded. But what exactly is being rewarded here? Financial inequality in Germany is more pronounced than in most other countries. 30 years ago, the top 10 percent had 50 times the wealth of the lower 50 percent. It's now double that proportion, with the gap continuing to widen. But why are the rich getting even richer? Because they're doing more? Or is it because their wealth is taxed with privileges – and then also passed onto the next generation with further fiscal advantages? This privileged treatment of business assets in Germany is a conscious political decision. I find the idea of entire estates being passed on to the next generation with tax privileges highly problematic. The sheer volume of assets waiting to be inherited changes the structure of a society. And once that structure is in place, it becomes entrenched. So what changes could be made at the political level? We met with Saskia Esken, Chairperson of Social Democrat party, the SPD. Her party is often in the governing coalition. And in every election campaign, has promised a fairer society. We want to see tax relief for 95 to 97 percent of incomes, with the difference offset by the highest-earners. And inheritance and wealth taxes would enable us to invest more where it's needed – to enable us to get out of the current crisis situation. People in Germany believe that the wealthy should contribute to society not just through charity but also via taxation. Sounds straightforward enough – so why isn't the ruling SPD party putting those demands into practice? Does the chancellor support these goals? Of course Olaf Scholz supports our party's resolutions. But the wealthy have a very strong lobby behind them. The politicians can’t or won’t change the status quo because of lobby groups? How trustworthy is the political system, really? We accompanied musician Patrice as he was preparing for a concert in Hamburg. From modest beginnings to the elite Salem boarding school, and later to German stardom, he’s now much like his school peers who don’t have any financial worries. My motivation was different, as was my purpose in life. It was never about making money and showing it off. I wanted to save the world! I said: I have to do something and do my part. That was my story. The privilege of the rich. Will this remain an issue that politicians only highlight while on the campaign trail? Does German society want to see an honest debate on the topic? At a time when the country is drifting further and further apart. A redistribution of wealth? And perhaps of responsibility… for the financially privileged.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Luiszengo [1 likes]: Into song please
  2. @officially_i_am [1 likes]: 5 year old? Ping pong?
  3. @Bob-v6n3s: What social obligations do the rich have? Each country's constitution lays out the core values managing redistribution and economic incentives. Just like the French, Germans clamor for benefits until it's tax time.
  4. @kokuz0512: In America, even poor people pay hundred thousand dollars  for 4 year degree
  5. @kokuz0512: In America 4 million students pay between $200,000-$250,000 for for you compared that to Germany you can see how expensive American education is
  6. @chimpaaZ: 'superrich' , meh - not too impressed.
  7. @Motor785-byk: Special gut gesact herzlich dank
  8. @intersimone333: Of course the governo throws away money and the problem are the rich … which buy stuff and pay value added on it
  9. @Decoarchy: The current system is basically slavery. The closer you get to financial freedom, the higher tax breaks you face. This government, instead of cutting taxes for normal middle-class people to allow them to achieve financial freedom, is trying to make propaganda to increase taxes for wealthy people. Not "middle class paying too much," but "wealthy should pay more." It's part of a strategy of maximizing government incomes, which will be inefficiently spent. Instead of cutting taxes, they make propaganda to increase taxes and pit different social classes against one another to control them
  10. @gregmanning2737: Obviously the majority of wealthy dont care about the rest of society and they obviously didn't learn or read about the french revolution. 
There has to be a global wealth tax so the wealthy cannot just go to another jurisdiction to avoid contributing to society.
  11. @AbdihakimMohamed-t7d: It more like promoting entreprenuership.
  12. @ivankerezov9635: Wealth tax is not bad, but that is NOT the root of the problem. The ROOT of all evil is central banks, dictating interests rates and money printing.
  13. @user-ct9nh8np6e: Isn’t that first hotel in Biarritz? I stayed there last year it’s gorgeous!
  14. @vincentliu2134: Increase wealthy people tax only make those capital forward to other country,  same as you put money somewhere with higher interest, or purchase at lowest price.       Encourage rich people invest into innovation and company that provide higher wage and more job is the way. 

For example, does any rich people have ambitions to build chip making eco system in Europe?    

This kind of entrepreneur make much money  as possible , I don’t mind, and I want to learn from him as example.
  15. @islandlife6591: The real issues are avoided here like the too many immigrants living off the state in Germany, or too much money going to Ukraine...
  16. @basinvesting7219: If Germany raises its taxes, the rich will leave. It’s that simple. There, I solved your entire problem in 1 sentence. Governments have gotten too big. They don’t need to give everything to everyone. We need slim governments again like we had in the 1800s and 1900s
  17. @kingdomcitizenship5613: If people worried about how they could bring value to the world as much as they worry about penalizing the people who have; it would be a little better place.
  18. @davideyt1242: Virtually EVERY super wealthy today: "I want the laws to change so that the rich are taxed heavily!!" , after they have made 30, 50, 100 Million euros them self with almost no taxation.
They should simply say: "We do not want anyone else to profit like we did... so we stay the elite, and you stay poor and work for us"
  19. @angelachanelhuang1651: the corporate rich have responsibilities too
  20. @GloryDaze73: When will the wealthy stop cannibalisiing the rest of society?  I just want them to pay a bit of tax, because at the moment Most of them completely AVOID tax. The game of avoiding tax is disgusting and in-humane.

- Inside NYC's Richest Suburb (Greenwich): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] A$und00 million mansions, Lamborghini dealers, secretive billionaires. An hour outside New York City in southwestern Connecticut are two towns that are among the richest in the world. In this video, we explore these places to understand how they became so rich. We are currently in one of the wealthiest suburbs of New York City, Old Greenwich, Connecticut. Median home price here is $3.5 million. Our first stop, Greenwich, Connecticut, is home to more billionaires than the United Arab Emirates. The reason is because of hedge funds, a shady and controversial industry that we explore later in this video. We took the train from New York to Greenwich and immediately we saw businesses you don't see in most towns. The first was a Lamborghini store which was next to an Aston Martin dealership which was next to a Bentley dealership. This is the the place to go to to see cars. Some of the most insane cars that you wouldn't expect show up here. Everything from like one of 10 ever in the world. Next, we went to a pet grooming shop. This is Lola. Lola's looking good. People spend a lot on their dogs here, too. Oh, yes. They spend a lot. And we have clients that come every week. Wow. What do you think is the most a client spent on their dog in a given year? Grooming. I would say they will spend about 5,000. What's the richest part of the granite cherry? Back country for sure. Back. Back country for sure. Down here you have your $3 million houses, $4 million houses. Up there you're talking 10, 20, 30, maybe even some disclos. We saw one 23 sold for $139 million. Yeah, that's Copper Beach Farm. I think Copper Beach Farm. Very reminiscent of neo French Renaissance buildings in France. And then you go out a door onto a beautiful open porch and this beautiful, beautiful swimming pool that was built by this owner. You see a full grass tennis court, bent grass, Copper Beach Farm. We took a ride around Greenwich's famous Golden Triangle neighborhood, but were unable to go by Copper Beach Farm. We're just filming some of the neighborhood. Yeah, you could turn around. You just can't do anything back there, though. Can't do anything back there. Okay, sounds good. Yeah, but when I open the gate, you turn around right in here. Thank you. Appreciate that. However, we did learn that it was linked to an LLC with a hedge fund billionaire named Ray Dalio's name on it. He's one of the 10 billionaires who lives in Greenwich. Another one is Steve Cohen, the owner of the Mets. This hedge fund billionaire is worth $21 billion and bought this house for $15 million in 1998. So, we tried to get a tour of the most expensive home for sale in Greenwich right now. It's uh $45 million and uh unfortunately you need to have proof of funds to get a tour. So we don't quite have $45 million on us right now. The scale of wealth is simply staggering. It's old money. It's hedge fund money. Hedge funds are a huge part of Greenwich. Wealthy hedge funders don't just live there. Some work there. In fact, onethird of all office space in Greenwich belongs to hedge funds. Literally every single car in this hedge fund parking lot is a luxury car. Porsche, Beamer, Cadillac. It's unbelievable. Hedge funds are relatively new. They took off in the 1990s. At that time, they managed just a few hundred billions of dollars, but today they manage over $5 trillion. But what even is a hedge fund? Uh, I don't know what the heck a hedge fund is, to be honest with you. Hedge funds emerged in the 1940s as a way to hedge risk to protect yourself if the stock market goes down. But over time, they became increasingly risky, increasingly complex, and increasingly rich. Hedge fund managers take enormous fees, which is one reason they've minted 50 billionaires in the US, more than France has billionaires of any sort. And we'll get to why they're so controversial later in this video. If you're enjoying this video, please make sure to subscribe. The other Max you see on this channel and who's currently reporting from Pakistan and I had the idea for Roka News 5 years ago. Our goal was to create a nonpartisan news company that deliver just the facts to readers daily. Well, today we have over 2 million readers across our Instagram and newsletters, but our main focus is this YouTube channel where we aim to capture the world without fear or bias. If you support that mission, please make sure to subscribe. We've got some great videos coming out soon from Pakistan and Connecticut. Now, let's go to Darienne. A ROA reader and local named John O'Neal showed us around. Yeah. Yeah. So, this is Darianne on the other side. But what you would consider a Cape Cod a relatively average house, right? And Darianne is probably a million half dollars. Yeah. Derenne has a population of 22,000 and is 96% white. The median home price in Derenne is $2.5 million, but houses can sell for a hundred million. This area has the water and it has the land and it has the architecture. I mean, just look at this. This is out of the movie. But as you can see, it's house after house after house. In the early 20th century, Fairfield County, home to both Greenwich and Darian, was a booming industrial area, a tech hubby even. 98% of these people are in finance. I mean that's the difference between now and 100 years ago. 100 years ago it was manufacturing, right? Whether it was steel or railroads. Now there's not much manufacturing in Connecticut at all. What's your take on the on on why energy costs? Connecticut is the second most expensive state for electricity. The state of Connecticut legislators over the years have let us down. Their energy policy has just been really, really poor. At the same time, New York City's growth turned Derenne and Greenwich into commuter towns. After World War II and the suburbanization that followed, towns like Derenne and Greenwich boomed, although not for everyone. When I was a kid, my father lost his paycheck in a card game and we ate baloney for a week, you know. So, stuff happens. Did that happen? Yes. Wow. Just don't mention that to my father. By the 1960s, New York City executives had made these towns into wealthy enclaves. Southwestern Connecticut is the area nearest to metropolitan New York. Most people enter our state here. Its pleasant landscape includes sparkling lakes and hardwood forests which make it preferred by executives both as a business and residential location. Now, before we reveal the politics of Darien and Greenwich and also discuss the controversy of hedge funds, we have to tell you about the presenting sponsor of this video, American Financing. Because after all, most of us aren't hedge fund billionaires in Connecticut. Instead, we're normal Americans who have lots of credit card debt or medical debt or car loans. They save customers on average $800 a month by doing this. They use equity you have in your home. This is for all homeowners. And then they roll up all that highinterest credit card debt into one affordable payment. Again, $800 a month on average. That's enough to buy groceries and even visit this pet groomer. On top of that, their mortgage consultants are salary based, so they have no incentive to get you into a bad loan. And by the way, there are no upfront fees. To get started, visit americanfinancing.net/roka ET/roka newsws or call 8668891994. That's 866889-1994. Thank you, American Financing. And back to the video. At this point, you might be curious about the politics of Darianne and Greenwich. And they are interesting. In 2012, they voted for Mitt Romney over Obama. But this past election, both flipped blue and went for Kla Harris. I've always thought about some of those wealthy enclaves that are really blue. Are they for real or are they fake? Right. Are you going to walk the walk? I mean, it's one thing to donate money. Yeah. Anybody can donate money. Yeah. But to actually be part of the fabric of a diverse community, do they allow people that work on their lawns and in their kitchens to use those beaches? Right. Each town has their own beaches and if you're not from that town, you can't go to that beach. that's been tested in the courts and they've had to open that up, but they've made fees high enough to keep those people that they don't want from going to the beach. Class issues are unavoidable in a town like Darian where the wealth is so extravagant and uniform. The last question we wanted to answer is why are hedge funds so controversial? Shouldn't we be glad that Greenwich went from a village the Dutch bought from the Lape tribe for 25 fur coats, the same tribe, by the way, that sold Manhattan for $24, to then being a town with the richest neighborhood in the country? Well, some argue that it's in their nature to strip mine corporate America and in particular the Rust Belt. One of the many examples would be the merging of Cabelas with Bass Pro Shops. There are plenty of questions tonight. Cabelas and Bass Pro have announced a multibillion dollar merger. What is unknown is how that'll affect Nebraska jobs, including roughly 2,000 people in Sydney, Nebraska. In 2015, the hedge fund Elliot Capital Management bought a major stake in it. At the time, Cabela was profitable and employed 2,000 people in Sydney, Nebraska, which had just 6,000 people in total. Well, after Elliot bought a stake in Cabela, it pressured it to sell to Bass Pro Shops a year later. It did, and that closed its Sydney headquarters, decimating the town. Elliot Capital made $90 million from the one-year investment. And last year, by the way, Elliot Capital opened an office in Greenwich. Some say this is a pattern that's happened over and over and over in America. But defenders of hedge funds say our free markets have made us the richest country in history and force companies to be more efficient and competitive. By the way, we don't mean to paint the town of Greenwich as evil, but we wanted to share this viewpoint, especially after all of our travels in the rust belt. Everyone we met in Greenwich, we should note, seemed nice. Even the town workers agreed. Uh people say so many things, but being in Greenwich, sharing with them every single day, I can say that there are really nice people. John then took us to his home city of Norwok, which is right next door. One that was like a one one floor house. Wow. That house is typical of what houses looked like back then in the 50s and 60s. Yeah. That house right there. And this is what's new. But unlike Darian Greenwich, Norwok has a different side to it. We're probably 10 minutes from an incredibly impoverished area. No. And in the next video, we show the extreme wealth gap in the area where just a few miles from this street are housing projects. And a little further is one of Connecticut's and the Northeast's most dangerous cities. The rep on the east side. Wow. It's different over there. It's different. Is it safe here? What's the vibe like? I'm going to I'm going to be honest. It's not that. Thank you for watching and please make sure to subscribe for more mini docks like this one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rocanews [111 likes]: Thanks for watching! Subscribe to see more short-mini docs from around the USA ►https://bit.ly/rocanewsrichest
  2. @yoanalexander78 [1 likes]: Not at all a suburb of NYc !!!!
  3. @Andrew-cm5tc: Hedge funds are for the most part a huge scam. Most couldn't even beat a growth stock ETF over a long period and if they couldn't charge such huge fees then they wouldn't exist. Warren Buffett had his company as a holding company, not a fund, and only got paid 100k a year as salary and no AUM fees or performance fees. He made his money the same way shareholders did and he's richer than any of these people.
  4. @pr520: Please, buy a gimbal
  5. @davidmenke7552: I took a trip to Greenwich last fall as I was obsessed with the homes and beauty.  I stayed at the Stanton House Inn near downtown.  I did some very LIGHT shopping on Greenwich Avenue, went to the Bruce Museum and went as far as I could into Belle Haven before I had to turn around at the request of the guardian at the gate!  Beautiful area.  I spent an afternoon at Tod's Point and was in absolute awe at the holly grove and I even got a picture of Kathy Lee Gifford's old house on the shores in Riverside!  I meandered through back country but I wish I had someone with me-- I had to concentrate on the road while also admiring the houses that weren't hidden behind lush greenery or stone walls.  I did catch a peak at Judge Judy's huge estate on Round Hill Road though!  I found the people to be pleasant and I have never seen so many handsome men over age 60 in my life!  Woowee!  Traffic was pretty bad, but apart from that, it was a lovely visit.
  6. @PatricioGarcia1973: could have gone to Chappaqua in Westchester, which is on par with Greenwich, and closer to NYC on metronorth
  7. @ludoz: Everyone in finance.. they build nothing, contribute nothing to society, yet make millions
  8. @WokeQueen2: New Yorkers:Connecticut isn't apart of nyc tri state area

Also New Yorkers:Greenwich located in Connecticut is NYC Suburb
  9. @BuddhismAsALifePractice: All that STOLEN wealth off the backs of Black American slaves.
  10. @JAYLENEKIM: That's the richest street in CONNECTICUT not NYC my guy. The richest street in NYC is 57st aka billionaires row.
  11. @Popsfresh: But can they order KFC??
  12. @TimothyCulpepper-v4b: It's Timothy Lee Culpepper Jr. I cook crack sell it. A once is 200 dollars. I sell clothes. Versace. I buy clothes and model. I have my own restaurant soul food. I get paid to attend gang business meeting. I'm always in school or talent school. If you're not try to get rich. What are you doing
  13. @bmilewski: One thing I don’t understand: why does a single family need such large houses? How many rooms do you actually live in? A bedroom, a living room, an office, maybe a private gym, a garage… what’s the point of having a dozen or more rooms? Unless someone lives with their entire extended family, from grandparents to children.
  14. @Forest-lifestyle: God Bless the people of Greenwich & Darian. Good Folk
  15. @Odile-q7r: There are two sides to Greenwich. You should see how the other side lives!
  16. @Zoootie: SHeesh I should take my dog to that groomer too...
  17. @s4awd2: I bought a fixer upper in Old Greenwich. With Tod's point, it's like 90% cape cod without the 6 hour drive
  18. @ericstockard8318: I once got lost and ended up in Greenwich; I was pulled over by a private police, and told I needed to head back to NYC. The cobblestone streets and small bridges in the area smelled like money, I was stunned by the wealth.
  19. @michaelsteven1090: Liberal policies make it unaffordable if your not in their "club"
  20. @Sunsworn: Mediocre

- Serving the Super Rich: Inside a Billionaire’s World | FULL DOCUMENTARY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Paris, 11:00 in the morning. A taxi drives to an address little known to the general public, a luxury boutique for those who have the means and don't count the cost. Olena Rupcheva knows the place well. She's an abbitu. She goes there on her client's behalf. Today, she's picking up a handbag. I gave the specifications to the manager of the boutique who's going to meet us and who has already made a selection. She's going to show me two bags and I will choose the one that I know my client will like because I know him very well. I've been looking after him for 5 years. >> For this little present that he wants to give his wife, the client has given Elena card blanch in terms of how much the bag costs. Prices start at €1,000, but Elena aims much higher. Her minimum budget is €10,000. Disappointing the young bride is not an option. >> From the information you gave me, I have two suggestions for you. This first one is the Dalos pure alligator, a black alligator with red leather inside. Otherwise, if you want something a bit more feminine, because that one's a bit less so, we have this one, which is the Kalisto 35. Also an alligator with a chocolate lining. >> Okay. Well, I think it's really nice. Not quite black, but >> exactly, but close. All right, that's it. I think my client will be really pleased with the bag. First, the crocodile is a noble creature and then black and red are colors that he really likes. His wife is going to love it. And I think that the initial selection was well made by the boutique and it's really the right choice looking at it. I'm sure when I know the client really really well, I make a few personal suggestions. He has his own ways, knows what he wants, and it's important to go with that. Occasionally, I suggest something which isn't what he would usually go for. Sometimes he tries things out. But when it comes to presents, I prefer to stick to what he likes because presents are very personal, more so than a hotel where you stay or a restaurant where you can try something new, that sort of thing. This is really very personal. >> Oena chooses the black handbag and as a privileged customer, she will settle the bill later. >> See you very soon. Goodbye. >> I can't tell you exactly how much the bag I've chosen for the client costs. But I can tell you that the price is between 15 and €20,000. >> €20,000 for a handbag. For a few years now, Elena hasn't been stunned by such a sump. Everyday, her work means that she rubs shoulders with the wealthiest people in the world. Olina is a concierge, but one who deals in luxury lifestyle management. She is like a fairy godmother who makes the wishes of the rich come true. Chartering a private jet at the last moment, getting a visa quickly, organizing dream holidays where anything goes. This is what she does every day, working for one of the best agencies in Europe. >> Okay. So, you're going to go after the film, correct? >> In less than an hour, Elena has a meeting with her managers. Some of the concierge services clients have decided to take a few days holiday in Sanrope with requirements worthy of true millionaires. It's getting chilly. So many shows today now. Stefan Rolong, a designer that I've known for a long time. He used to create for Jean Lu Sher, but now that he creates his own line, >> Susan Tobac, one of the Jetets's best known figures and hairstyles. Susan is American. Her first love is France and she never goes out in Paris without her official photographers and cameramen. The reason for this is that Susan posts short videos on the web celebrating luxury lifestyle and very quickly she has become the queen of bloggers. Susan Tobac is the first woman to have created a website exclusively for luxury lifestyle. It offers permanent e-shopping for the latest trends both clothes and decor as well as sharing useful addresses. Okay. Okay. >> In part, she owes her credibility to her independent means. Susan Tobac is rich, extremely rich, and often what she likes, she buys. But in Susan's case, it's not enough to rely on her fortune. She works hard. And as well as her website, she's developing her business as a consultant and expert on luxury lifestyle. magazine. The mod like that and magazine like that. Hello. Okay. Okay. Okay. >> Oh my. >> Sorry. >> For Susan, this is where the hardest part begins. She needs to see the designer of the collection, but press and television take priority. Being a top fashion blogger doesn't automatically open all the doors. >> Excuse me. >> Hi, sweetheart. >> It was amazing, darling. So, tell me the inspiration and very different this time. The shapes, the very tight, >> very generous, tight, sexy, sensual, uh, positive energy, full of light and >> generous. >> Yeah, very generous. >> Thank you, honey. >> Okay. A photo. A photo. A photo. >> Sure. As soon as the interview's over, Susan escapes back to the hotel and her computer. The most beautiful place in the world, Paris. The most expensive streets, the best designers. Nowhere can touch it if you want pure luxury. But if you want to see real excess, head for the Kotzure. Yachts, palaces. Here the wildest dreams come true. Here too the most expensive villas in the world are hidden away. And to work here you have to stand out and sometimes to reinvent your profession. This is what Valerie Bart did. She combined her work as an architect with that of interior designer. Combining the two professions offering a real package means she can offer something different. >> It's true that there's a trend a modern trend to cater for demand. You buy a place, do it up and deliver it key in hand, ready to live in. >> Not just doing part of the job, but the whole product of works. Furnishing fabrics, ornaments, linen, filling the fridge for when they move in. So, we sort it out. >> Valerie has been offering her key inhand service for 5 years. She's one of the pioneers in the field. She has the best contacts to allow her to concentrate on a highclass clientele. Today she's going to see her flooring specialist. She needs ideas for doing up a beautiful apartment in Joan Lea. And here she always finds what she wants. This is the flooring workshop where you can have either standard boards or made to measure where you choose the weight, the width of the boards, the length of the boards, each piece of wood. If you want to have knots or without knots, if you want it oiled with a clear oil, tinted with a darker stain, you can create the floor you want. You won't find these floors in specialist shopping centers. The shape, texture, color are all part of the highly detailed and personalized work. For this job, we've chosen this stone for the color of the floor. We'll try it out several times to see what looks best and to get the color of the stone. This is just to get a sample. Oh, there you are. You must leave it to dry. >> I'd like to try it out next to it with the white oil you told me about. I think that might work, too. >> Yes. And there. It's really different. It's not going to >> But we're not at the finished product yet. >> There are several stages. >> That's right. So, next we have white oil, but which that's not bad. It has a natural matte look. >> Yes, it's good, but it's a bit pink. The white, the oak with the white looks a bit pink, so we need to do several coats to see if we can get it. Laying a bespoke floor comes at a price. At 5 to€600 a square meter, you know that you won't see the same one at your neighbors. even if it's not always in the best of taste. >> That client of yours who wanted a color a bit very modern, very unusual, >> like an artist studio. So, it's been treated, polished, and painted. >> You put on white and you rub it down. You put on gray and you rub it down. >> We've done eight coats. Eight coats. Eight layers. Eight steps. In fact, I mean, each time you you get a sheen. See here? There's a blue sheen. Here's a black one, a white one. And between each coat, it's rubbed down. Eight steps for one square meter of floor. You see why I don't sell it for €20 a square meter. To give you an idea, I did an apartment round here. A luxurious surface with boards like this one with waves worked right through the wood. It's not a motive. Each wave is worked in depth in the wood. You can't use these workmen. They're mine. Why? Because skilled craftsmen are in great demand. So, if they're part of our workforce, we make sure we keep them. >> I have no idea. >> You have no idea. You know, we came with the interior designer. >> 900 km away in the 8th Arondismo in Paris is an apartment laboratory. something belonging to another time, somewhere dedicated to an exclusive world of bespoke creation. This is where Blaze lives and where day and night he is constantly seeking to create new perfumes, new sensations. It's all about subtlety. The slightest nuance can tip the scales for the better or for the worse. This is my laboratory where I try everything out. The prototypes, where I design the bottles, where I design everything. It's quite a modest space, not very big, but it allows me to work in peace, in calm, and to perfect my formulations. I experiment, blend, experiment. Again, it's complicated. You have to be very patient, very diligent. I've been doing this for more than 10 years, and now I'm beginning to get a particular base in the formulation. I'm working a bit faster, but it's still very fiddly. It's drop by drop. Like a drop of color, you work with hundreds of grams. It's like diamond dust. >> Blaz's laboratory is a real treasure trove with hundreds of fragrances from all over the world. Plenty to choose from after the meeting he had with his client. >> Here, for example, I've got a burger which I discovered made in the north of Italy in the Calabrian Citrus Center. I'll get you to smell the product. It's just amazing. See, the color is totally natural. There's nothing artificial about the color of the product. You see how natural it is? Now, we can smell the fruit, the pulp of the fruit, the skin of the fruit, the zest of the fruit. It's just incredible this product. This woman is quite a purist. She doesn't want a complicated perfume, an oversophisticated one. She wants something very natural and very light. She wants a light formula. So, a light formula means a short formula. Some people want more complicated perfumes with 40, 50 different products. I'm adding a little woody note, which is very interesting, which gives a feeling a bit like a walk in the country. It's a fascinating product. I like it a lot. She's not too keen on flowers. She told me she doesn't like that. She's not mad about roses or jasmine, that she prefers something more vegetable. >> So, that's what I'm working on for her. That's not bad. It's not just one note. It's lavender, a lot of lavender, but with a hint of powder, of musk, a bit woody at the same time, very delicate, but with a strong, rich character. and I think it's very interesting because it's very natural. >> That's not bad at all. >> It's actually very presentable. >> While Blaze is busy with his work, Oena, for her part, is taking care of the requirements of a future member of her concierge service. She is preparing a superb leatherbound presentation pack for her new client. traders, footballers, businessmen all receive the same little ritual. To be expected, when you fork out $25,000 a year to enjoy the services of a concierge 24 hours a day, you have the right to expect the kind of attention designed to please. This little pack comprises the presentation of the services we offer our clients. Our card, the famous little card, which isn't a credit card, but a membership card for a circle, a circle called UU. a personal card valid for a year. This card has the telephone number where the client can get hold of us according to their subscription, either 24 hours a day or 5 days a week or 7 days a week. It depends on what they've chosen. There you go. An unexpected meeting for Oolena this morning. She's been summoned by the managers of the agency. The agenda, imminent departure for the coat desour. And before that, feedback on the holiday of a famous footballer who plays for France. The concierge service organized it all. The trip went extremely well. To give you an idea, we rented two private villas for him in the Essi Palace in Marrakesh. He flew to Marrakesh in a private jet, a flight from Bordeaux to Marrakesh with his wife and a couple of friends. We decided to go for a higher spec aircraft for optimal space and comfort. And the flight went really well. He was thrilled with his trip and he told me that there'd be another one coming up because the championship starts again at the beginning of August. He was thinking of another trip at the end of July, this time for a weekend. So, a much shorter break. So, he said he'd call me back sometime this week, I think. >> For Elena, the task is tricky to find an apartment at the height of the season in July in Sanrope with a view of the port where they can keep an eye on their yacht. And that's not all. The apartment must be high-end. >> They want a minimum of four or five bedrooms. Staff of course for the housekeeping, a governness, a chef, preferably French. They also want all the extra services like a chauffeur, a luxury car, huge German saloons, or possibly English cars. But in any event, top of the range >> because this client is really a very sensitive case for us. I think I might come with you as I know him a little. Only a true concier service could rise to the challenge of finding an apartment in Sanrope at the last minute. Their contacts and networks can find solutions to nearly all problems. But Elena's daily routine doesn't always involve such challenges. >> Some requests are much more ordinary. making a restaurant reservation, booking a hotel, a nanny, looking for an apartment. These are the kind of requests we get every day. But just because the requests look simple at first sight doesn't necessarily mean they are for the client for one simple reason that when someone is pushed for time and needs advice, then you have to move faster. So suddenly what looks like a simple request becomes a bit more complicated. >> With an almost limitless budget, Elena's only duty is to ensure a view of the port of San and the incredible spectacle of boats returning in the evening to unleash their passengers on the busy nights of the Kot Deour. 5:00 p.m. in Paris in one of the city's most beautiful palaces. Susan Tobac is working on her website. She's just posted an article about a pair of shoes, >> the Daily Shoe. Walter Stiger the Susan's website is her shop window, her search for fame. >> But behind it lies a formidable businesswoman who has founded many companies. Her fabulous address book opening many doors for her with ease. >> The day finally to see the Almani prebe. It was divine last year but out of control. Super and um I expect the same today at Treadero. Unique exception. Susan discovered Paris when she was very young and in the '9s she set herself up as a personal shopper. She has fond memories of shopping with her wealthy friends. So fond that she has no hesitation in still handing out addresses to the privileged few. But with Susan, it's best to have a solid bank balance and not to check your accounts at the end of the month. Susan only deals in luxury. >> It's true that it only takes me 5 minutes to get dressed in the morning because I have no time and I don't have much time for shopping, etc. So I need someone to advise me who really knows their stuff and who also knows me and understands me and knows my lifestyle because I have quite an unusual job. I have a company. I have clients all over the world and I travel all the time. I try to buy nearly everything over the internet. But sometimes you need to feel clothes. You need to actually go to the shop. As soon as Suzanne is around, that's my chance. Olivia, [Applause] >> today is my my shopping day with my good friend Uchi who I've known for quite some time now. Uh we met in Paris and Uchi has her own company in >> Uchi. So this this boutique is Quintessence and the way I discovered them was in New York. I went to a cocktail party where they featured the Claude Dalan candle. >> Yeah. >> And I thought, "Wow, this looks interesting. I I should go." And so when I went, I met the owner. >> Although Susan likes to spend time with her friends, she always takes advantage of going out. Her cameraman is present and is going to film as many takes as possible for Susan's website to make it even better. A candle shop wasn't previously on her agenda, but this is a candle shop unlike others. Here you find candles priced at €4,000. >> May I? >> Here you are. >> There's a scene with animals and leaves >> and they're all signed and numbered by the artist. artist. >> It's a limited edition of 700. Every year we work with a different artist. Is it gold? It's actually bronze. Bronze. There are two colors. Gold and copper. Yes. I noticed like the one on in the window. The one in the window. That's right. What was really what it was all about. And that's why I'm here because what I love about especially about Paris are the little boutiques, things that you can't find anywhere else. Limited editions, not something that's mass marketed that is sold all over the place. So that's why I'm here. It's a shift. >> Oh, here we are. Walter's tiger, right? It's a lovely showroom. It's so cute. >> It's um chic. >> Oh, beautiful. >> On my feet. It looks faster than in the box. I think so. I love it. I love it. It's a little bit tight because my left foot is bigger than my right foot. So here it's a safal. >> Yes. The >> Yes. >> The form of the telon. It's it's a new >> it's new and for next winter we will have all the collection with this new heel. Can you see this? >> Oh, it's a lot. >> Wedges wedges. >> Mhm. Press it. Press it. very Lady Gaga. Most of the time I agree with her. These shoes are obviously not my style. She said they didn't suit me and I agree because I know they don't. So I listen to her. I try to keep an open mind. She told me I am too conservative in my choice. So I try to be a bit more open-minded when it comes to fashion. >> No. >> The color, yes. The style, no. The gray Parisian skies do not dampen the spirits of Suzanne and even if they would have preferred to be in the sunny south of France. Here luxury goes hand in hand with property. The houses in this area are off the RTER scale. Some go for 100 even million. Heaven for estate agents and also for architects. Valerie Bart is visiting a site for a Russian client. We still have to fix a television there. So, I haven't really done much there >> I'll have to take everything down. I'll have to drill through. >> Can't you leave a casing for the lighting for the corners? >> We have to go back to that. We stopped. >> Yes, but you said you were going to go back to it on Monday. Can't you do it a bit sooner? >> I'll do it on Monday. I'll have to here. We have permission to extend the apartment over part of the terrace. So, we have one part opening onto the outside and looking directly over the view of the ocean. It's amazing, isn't it? >> I've got something new which we've come up with. A kind of wallpaper which is crushed and polished. It's very pretty but a bit complicated to do. >> Have you got samples in beige? >> I can do whatever you like. for next week. Can you prepare me beiges? >> Uh, whites and light greens. That's what we're looking for. Oh, that's good. He'll like that. >> This one's a bit pink. >> It's a bit pinkish, but not pink. Yes, >> we can make it whiter, a little bit more beige. >> That's more like it. That could work for the the bed heads, don't you think? >> Working for the very rich is not easy. They can be very demanding and are not always the easiest of people to deal with. Most of the time, it's not even the future owners who Valerie meets. They are intermediaries, which doesn't make life easy. But working for multi-millionaires brings infinite possibilities. Like here in Sanrope, Valerie has finished the work on one of her best projects. The owners are Australian and only come for 3 weeks of the year without renting out the house for the rest of the time. space. >> It's this way. >> It's fantastic. Really unusual. unusual because of its position, its decor. It's really a little gem in Sanrope. This is what we call a waterfront house right by the sea beach but that means close to the sea spray in salt too. So we have to treat it to strengthen it and make it more habitable and to protect it in the future against damage from rust, salt eating into the metal, salt getting in through the walls. So we make a protective coating for the house. We use special paints to make sure it's properly protected. There are two parts to the house. One side facing the sea with the bedrooms, living rooms which are very quiet and the other side more for utilities, access, etc. next to the road. It's right next to the shops, nightclubs, restaurants. So, you have the best of both worlds. It's it's like a buffer zone. You can move through in time, stand still, and you can relax in peace and quiet. Can we use Japanese blinds to let the light in but also protect the side by the sea and supreme luxury access to the beach? >> A holiday home. It's much more than just a holiday home. Here you have a year round pool included in the specifications. >> You can even mo your boat alongside. It's really easy. >> It's innovative because often, especially in France, everyone sticks to what they do. What I offer is a global service project management even where you have one person who can take care of interior architecture decoration and also landscaping and organizing permits etc. So it's a complete package that lets our international clients who have specific requirements and usually can't manage their own projects in France from abroad. It lets them have a contact who can look after their requirements and see the project through. A few meters away, Oena Rupchva and the director of the concier service have arrived. They have managed to find an apartment overlooking the port. A stroke of luck when some tenants backed out of a rental at the last minute. But not found by chance. Whenever something happens in the high-end rental market, the concierge service is informed within the hour. Apartments to rent overlooking the yachts are few and far between. For Elena, finding this precious gem in the month of July is impressive. >> It's a private client who's coming to Central Pay and whose friends are already here settled in. So, he wants an apartment. He doesn't want to be in a hotel. He wants more freedom. Here's the bathroom. See all the yachts. >> 6:00 in the evening from 6:00 onwards. It's a beautiful view. You can sit here and watch the yachts coming in and then you have the sunset. It's great. Most of the restaurants, most of the big yachts, most of the entertainment, this is where it all happens. >> Being lucky enough to have an apartment so well situated in the center means you can do most things on foot. You can have your yacht right opposite the apartment and make the most of Sanrope, the real Sanrope, the old part. This is where you party every day in July and August for two months. It's constant party time. During the day, you party on the beach. Then you go back and change and start with an apperative by the port. It's really lively in the evening. It's off to a restaurant and then the nightclubs. You practically do full circle here. We are talking fairly modest budgets because this kind of apartment given the season you're looking at a rental of around €10,000 a week. Obviously with services added for the client then we're looking at a substantial increase in the budget. If they want their own staff, if they want their own chef and obviously a chauffeur and other expenses, the €10,000 budget for the week is just for the apartment. It doesn't include the services. The final bill for the apartment comes to €50,000 a week, including all the services. It's a considerable sum, but there are some rental properties which are really over the top. >> In luxury lifestyle, to showcase exceptional properties, estate agents dossier and photos are turned out fast and resemble books about art. This product is presented like a precious jewel complete with luxury case in a beautiful box. A book all about the history of the chateau with magnificent photographs, magnificent gloss paper. What kind of sum do you think we'd be looking at for this chateau? chat. >> Well, this chateau in high season July and August is rented out for over €100,000 a week. Just to give you an idea. >> Okay, I see. >> It's really for highend clients. >> That's exactly what we're looking for. >> Does that include all the services? >> It includes all services and staff. >> So, if we want to add any little extras, >> you can add anything you like. We can provide any service the clients wants. It's on demand extra, but we can add it. Whatever the client wants, we can always arrange it. >> Okay. They want to be in a magazine like this because it's a very chic magazine. >> €100,000 a week or more. The bill can often practically double if a lot of staff are employed or perhaps a helicopter is placed at their disposition. But on the rental ladder, there's an even higher rung when it comes to budget. And that's for yachts. Oena and Zachary have clients with limitless budgets and it's boats which take first prize for the highest bills. To meet this everinccreasing demand, Oena is going to a meeting on one of these yachts to discuss terms for a potential hiring. With our clients from the Middle East, we can go up to prices of 500,000, 600,000, sometimes 800,000 per week for boats about 70 or 80 m long with interior design by well-known designers. In any case, something exclusive. And generally what we're doing now is beginning to find rentals for city types who maybe want smaller boats starting at 15 20,000 euros a week. But some clients will go up to a million euros a week. The ones with absolutely limitless budgets. A limitless budget doesn't mean that Elena does not negotiate the price. Discussions always take place but very discreetly. thinking about things which you can't have. I think it's less frustrating for me than for other people who've never had them. Somehow the fact that I see these things every day makes it less frustrating, but it can mean you have higher standards for your own trips. for my own holidays. Now, I try to make sure they're perfect for me, >> but I think that everyone goes with what they can afford. >> After her shopping trip, Susan ends her day at a fashion show, one exclusively for her. And that is the height of luxury, to have a top designer who shows you their new collection before anyone else sees it. You see there's a touch of a 50s look >> this period kind of New York it sells >> are we lining >> yeah of course yes >> the buttons are ga Rash. >> Of course, when a woman like that says, "I adore that," or, "I love that," it means a lot. It's my job really to please women like that because she can have anything. She wears the best clothes. So if she likes mine, naturally it's a compliment. >> Come here. It's about all about I mean it's strict, but it's all about the cuts, >> asymmetric, >> how it opens works. >> And this is a men's tuxedo, you know, shirt fabric. >> Okay. You see with a little >> petition. >> Okay. >> And with a little detail. >> And what is so great about Susan is that everything suits her >> with that dream body. She can wear anything. >> This is nice. Yeah. With the chic. >> Yeah. Very chic. What I'm loving right now, >> it's true. That could be perfect. It's a feeling. I think he just makes beautiful clothes for women who want to look modern, beautiful, sexy, comfortable, chic. All in all, it was a fabulous day and uh well, until next time. Now Susan is off to haunt the best Parisian night spots and to add encounters from the world of luxury to her website, never forgetting to leave them her business consultancy card. >> Bla1 is a bit stressed. The perfume he's going to offer his client comes in a highly original flask decorated with diamonds. I'm really impressed by artistic skills which I can't master. I'm always impressed. I feel I love it. It fascinates me. So I take it all in. What they do, >> it's amazing. Extraordinary to design this shape. It took me 12 years. I'm not Speedy Gonzalez. But what with finding something original, making a shape which was new in perfumery, coming up with an innovative concept, It's complicated. It's true that it's stressful because you obviously want it to go down well to get a warm, enthusiastic reception. But this, I think, is groundbreaking and I'm very pleased with the reception I got from the client the other day. She put in the order, so I'm happy. In this workshop, which specializes in precious stones, Bla1 is having the decorative band for his flask made up. Adding diamonds will allow him to sell his perfume for tens of thousands of euros. But Blaze is also going to make it into a collector's item by putting his seal on the bottle. We'll seal it with gold thread wrapped round twice like this. And then here we seal it with wax stamped with my logo. That will be the end product. I should mention that if this is for a collector a unique bottle like that, I would advise my client not to open it. Even if it was their own perfume at 30%. And that's because if they ever want to sell the bottle, they're collector's items unique, and that is what makes them valuable. It's the fact that it's never been opened. For the client I saw the other day, she told me that she wants full diamond. That means she wants the whole band studded with diamonds. She likes white, everything white. She doesn't want any color. So, she'll have the white collar, the white trim, and a full diamond band. She's crazy about it. Absolutely loves it. And she really likes the bottle. So, I'm very pleased. >> For such an important product, only the best packaging will do. The final touch of luxury. Blaze is going home to find out what his craftsmen have made for him. We think of it as a prototype which can be developed. We've kept a record of everything we've talked about last time. >> That's great. >> And I'm going to >> Perfect. >> It's beautiful. Really, very beautiful. >> And the branding is beautifully in proportion to the box. >> It's really perfect. And the 20 by 20 is great. >> Yes, it's very pretty. It is very, very pretty. It's covered with lamb skinin with the ribbon set into the box and fully lined with suede. It's really, really beautiful. And now we get to the end product. It's a big moment because now we see it. We come to the final product. We get to the bottle itself. And that's the idea. In perfect harmony with the shape. It's perfect. This is beautiful craftsmanship. I'm glad we managed to finish it in time. It's fantastic work. And the idea is the dagger. It goes right to the bottom. Goes right to the bottom. This type of product will sell for €25,000 as a starting price and then it could bring in a lot more. Imagine that I got a wedding and that a Middle Eastern princess decided to give one of these to each of her female guests. She might order a hundred, maybe with a personalized color for each of the friends she knows. They would make a superb gift and for presents, unique perfumes with the package we have. We can do different colors, alligator skin cases for traveling, anything. So, obviously, it's very expensive. I admit it's very expensive, but it's also quite exceptional. >> In 2011, 1,210 billionaires were listed in the world, a new record since such classification began. A lot of Americans, Russians, and now Chinese rapidly becoming all powerful. The luxury lifestyle business still has a future to look forward to. And with it come men and women who continue to strive for excellence. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @twizerejulienne2731 [5 likes]: Susan= Michel Jackson 😂😂😊
  2. @FishingSGsHOTspots [5 likes]: every living organism or being brings nothing when they come, carrys with them nothing when they leave...
So dont get too attach to anything , anyone or anyhow..  Live well and leave peacefully.
  3. @marisaphoenix1893 [4 likes]: ‘Ms’ Tabac looks like something out of the rocky horror show 👹😅
  4. @LAB_RATS_UNITE [4 likes]: The way Susan acted on the staircase. All ego, no heart or soul. So boring & bland.
  5. @researchedreality2146 [2 likes]: People with that much money, need to sorte themselves out? If you can’t help life your no good! Selfish and as for the concierges? Millionaire want to be? Sad state of affairs, they are all very sick people with no heart! I have worked for these people, and believe me they are not good ! They are failed , no heart, but loads of money? 😂😂sad , lost, sick, 🎉
  6. @Dybos7: Isn't it ugly
  7. @nicolarollinson4381: Susan has the gift of the blag. She looks dreadful but, people trust her.
  8. @BellaElla-s9i: Depressing .This sounds like she has chosen .🙇‍♀️She also is yet to pay .Olena ,how much do you get paid a week .My Guess is to much .
  9. @elusiveplatypus-w1z: It does not matter how rich and famous you are if you wear super expensive shoes that force you to use a banister to go down stairs then you are dumb.
  10. @lisaferguson5835: I enjoy nice items
  11. @MentorofRichandRenegadeWomen: These people can do whatever they wish , bestowing upon me a generous Donation , via Bank check ! It would be a diversified occupational alternative for their investments ... Right ?
  12. @karenreynolds7153: Devoid of personality.
  13. @jenniferjuniper12: 2:38 I would not be happy with that bag!!
  14. @gorillaglue7232: Susan is boring!
  15. @researchedreality2146: 😂😂😂it don’t matter how much money you got! You a wrongun Pune🤔oh and if you have all that money you would think you would be very beautiful 😎😂your not and no amount of money will change tgat😂😂😂have a lovely, lonely life! 😢😢your lost🙄
  16. @nessieness5433: Frankly, that kind of wealth is obscene.
  17. @drewwbliss2027: "The most beautiful place in the world". Says who 🤔
  18. @sg7003: So very sad..no amount of worldly riches will fill the void in their lives…never satisfied…inside they are starving. What a wretched life.😕
  19. @JAJA0913: The bag thing is totally beyond me. Sorry, I got bored about 6 minutes into this lifestyle.
  20. @Bachabozi: I have been rich, and
I have been poor.
Rich is not better!
It's just more expensive!

- Inside the Private Cities of the American Rich | Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In this luxury car are Courtney and her husband Norman, a television producer. Hi. Hey Kristen. Hi. Oh my god, it's so great to see you. Nice seeing you, too. >> We're so excited. The couple are looking for a new house for them and their future children. They have a very big budget, $6 million, and a new close friend, Kristen, their estate agent. Oh good. So, let's jump on a golf cart and go check it Kristen fully intends on wowing them today. This is a beautiful 10,000 square foot home that's on the market for 5.5 million. So, let's go take a look. Perfect. Awesome. It's this huge mansion, 900 square meters across three levels. Wow. It's very high-end. Okay, so the kitchen is super open, great concept, um has abundant appliances. And Kristen has another selling point, the views over Las Vegas. Courtney is a huge fan. So, what do you think, babe? These views are just breathtaking. I love the views. I love how open it is. Like, it's just beautiful. Well, let's go look and see what else. The mansion has a vast array of luxury features and a master suite which is completely opened up to the outside. Imagine Saturday morning, waking up, opening this up, and just enjoying the view with some coffee. Absolutely. A great way to wake up. The couple are already picturing themselves living here. And the bathroom. >> Look at this marble. Oh, and there's a TV. And the huge dressing room will definitely win over Courtney, who seems to be loving it here already. I love this. I love when they have the center Yes. >> piece. It's so nice. You can lay out all your stuff. She likes it, I'm happy. Happy wife, happy life. This whole closet will be mine, and he can take the guest closet. And the showstopper. So, you've got this beautiful infinity pool overlooking the strip. Norman and Courtney seem spellbound. The view and the luxury, of course, but that's not all. They have visited this mansion because it is located in a gated community, a secure estate, a private property with forbidden access to non-residents and extreme security. We've got two entrances. They're both guard gated 24 hours a day. We have two guards at each station. And then we also have roving security that's 24 hours. Security is precisely what inhabitants in gated communities are looking for. Norman and Courtney are no exception. Living in a gated community is of high priority Yes. >> And we're not interested in looking at houses outside of a community. >> No. Just gated. Just >> Just because we travel and I like knowing that there's a guard at the front. I don't have to worry about my home. The couple will also be able to make the most of a large number of luxurious facilities. Is there a fitness facility or pilates or anything like that on this property? Yes. So, in addition to the clubhouse, we have a whole tennis and athletic center. >> Oh, wow. >> And there's basketball courts, the whole fitness center has massage and spa and um a great pilates studios with tons of reformers and great equipment, top of the line. Oh, that is so exciting. You like that? I would love that. Americans are opting for these gated communities more and more, but they aren't the only ones. More and more, these secure estates are appearing across the globe and are shaping new residences of the future. Gated communities, they are the new housing trend, entire private neighborhoods under high protection, sometimes spanning several hundreds of hectares and generally reserved for the super rich. So, this is our most expensive lot that we have in MacDonald Highlands. It's on the market for 6.3 million dollars. So, Just for the lot? Just for the lot. Residents here live a life of luxury, which is very exclusive and difficult to obtain without lots of money. other people, you know, it's a a little bit more quiet. You don't have to fight for your machines. In America, in certain states, almost half of new constructions are in gated communities. Seen as ghettos for the rich, the residences here are self-segregated from the outside world. It's a it's an upscale community, so the people have the money to do a lot of extracurricular things, to travel, to play sports, you know, golf, whatever it is we enjoy doing. This trend of self-segregation is also developing in France amongst celebrities and the richest in society. Like Villa Montmorency, which is home to small gems within the heart of Paris, or Parc de Montretout, the oldest gated community in Saint-Cloud in the Paris region. But the peace and security of these areas are now attracting more modest social classes, which can sometimes create conflict in certain neighborhoods. Barriers in the middle of town which the neighbors now have to make their way around. For several years, these unusual housing estates have been constructed in other countries like Bulgaria, where the most well-off are trading often dilapidated buildings in favor of secure detached houses. Behind the scenes, businessmen have sniffed out the huge market opportunity and are ready to profit from any opportunity. And then everybody, like 100 guys, waiting outside. And we with the cash boxes. For several months, we managed to infiltrate these extremely closed-off ghettos for the rich. An investigation into the golden prisons behind these fences which tower like never before. Las Vegas, located in Nevada in the US. This city is best known for its big hotels, casinos, slot machines, and its overall wow factor. It attracts 36 million visitors each year. However, it's not just tourists here in the middle of the desert. There are almost 600,000 people who live in Las Vegas year-round. It's in fact the most populated city in Nevada. Yet on a daily basis, the locals often want to escape all this excitement to live a calmer life far from the strip. So, a gated community is the perfect option. At MacDonald Highlands, one of the largest and most luxurious residential neighborhoods in the city, round-the-clock security is the number one priority. Here, the 1,500 residents have an electronic beeper which grants them easy entry. But the cleaners, gardeners, and workers are forced to sit in a traffic jam each morning and are required to show their IDs. Pull up a little bit more. All right, there's a gate. And like all mornings, it's Billy who screens the visitors. Driver's license, sir? And your company? First, each employee must state the address they're visiting. He's going to the view, which is parcel 18. So, I type in parcel 18. Silver Lake, all right, up top. So, we just click on Silver Lake, admit. The entry condition is that you must be on the list of guests established by the owners, a list which Billy accesses from his miniature computer. But that's not all. He's still going to take additional precautions. Let me see your license plate number. 03E 604. I scan their ID, makes it a lot faster. Make sure the picture comes out nice and clear. For each visitor, Billy registers the car's license plate number and scans their driving license before issuing this pass. You have the pass and the ID at the same time? It's data collection taken to the extreme, unthinkable in Europe. And when visitors aren't on the pre-established guest list, Billy takes no risks and calls the residents directly. Hi, it's Billy at the Stephanie Gate. I have a Rafael Construction here working with Giberti Construction for you. All right. They're doing the remodel work over there. Do you want me to put them on for 2 weeks or just call you every day? 2 weeks? All right, you're all ready. These tedious controls have just one goal, protecting the private neighborhoods' rich residents. The people who live in here are worth a lot of money. We have people who run major corporations. We have a few celebrities, some, you know, pro football players, basketball players, you know, baseball players, and they don't want people coming in here, you know, paparazzis and taking pictures and driving around the community when they're not supposed to be here. That's the purpose of living in a gated community. They want their privacy. So, it's a secure and private life for residents and a full screening for visitors. Welcome to the MacDonald Highlands neighborhood. Behind these over 1,500 people lead a peaceful life out of sight in a neighborhood that feels like the epitome of luxury. 400 hectares designed around an 18-hole golf course with a view over the strip. 500 high-class houses worth up to $20 million, a swimming pool, a swimming pool, a gym, tennis courts, and even a private club with a bar and two restaurants. A small village in the middle of the desert where Ken, CEO of a large construction firm in Nevada, and his wife, Michelle, live. They've lived here for 10 years and every day make the most of their gated community. It's a beautiful morning. Their day begins at sunrise with a morning sports session. There's no need to leave their secure neighborhood, for there's a private fitness center reserved just for residents right by their house. Where are they at? There they are. Hi, gang. How are you? Good to see you. Good to see you guys. How are you? Good. You guys ready? Ready. Don't kill us. Three times a week, they call on Alex, their personal trainer, who can be hired from the gated community for $50 an hour. On the agenda today is boxing, weightlifting, and some other strenuous exercises. But Michelle and Ken love coming to train here in this private fitness suite. Usually, if you're in a regular workout room, there's a lot of people, and if you're doing sets, you might have to wait for a machine in the middle of your set, which is an inconvenience. Okay, good. A semi-deserted fitness center, personal trainers on call, and that's not all. At 8:00 a.m., Michelle's sporting day has barely even begun. After a romantic workout, Ken leaves for work. As for Michelle, she has changed clothes. Morning. She meets up with her friends for a game of tennis, still within the gated community. First, they hit some balls with a coach Got it. Oh, no, I don't. before playing a doubles match. Very aggressive, Marty. Woo. One hour in the fitness center with her husband, the next hitting balls with her friends. Good get, Marty. Michelle, who is a housewife, doesn't have time to get bored. Thanks to her gated community, she's doing activities non-stop. Good job. Nice job, ladies. >> All right, that's it, girls. Thank you. >> Appreciate it. A few hours later, she's in her third outfit of the day. This time, for an all-female golf tournament organized that afternoon just a few meters away from her home. Is it far away from your house? Just across the street. It's the middle of the week, yet there's a crowd made up of just the housewives living here. And they have not only come to learn how to play golf, I I will definitely meet new people here cuz there's a lot of people here that I don't know. This is what you would expect? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It just gives you an opportunity to know more people. Quite rightly, Michelle needs to find a partner for this round of golf. Fine. You're my partner. I'm Michelle. It will be this lady, Natalie. Nice to meet you. She also lives in the neighborhood. The two women didn't know each other before, but they've already found something in common. I am really beginner. My husband's like, "We got to get golfing." And I'm like, "All right, I'm going to get going." Perfect. So, this is why we're here. Two beginners who share a few holes and end up getting to know each other. My babies are 23. I have twin boys. Where are they? Are they nearby that your kids are? No, um my one of my youngest just graduated from UNR and is moving to South Carolina. One in Houston, one in Utah, and one in California. [Applause] Socializing, doing sport, meeting new people, all without ever having to leave the gated community. Michelle cannot see herself living anywhere else. You you wouldn't want to live somewhere else than inside the gated community? No, not anymore. Um just because when you live in a gated community, you're insured there isn't going to be a lot of noise. Um everything, the landscaping, the roads, the lighting, everything will be kept up. Um there's a little bit more security. And And then you have all these amenities. So, why would I live anywhere else? I don't think I would. And even in the evening, Michelle and Ken never have to go far to meet for a drink. I don't know who all these people are. This is the residents' bar, an opportunity to spend time with other members of the estate, Ken and Michelle's neighbors. Did you Did you learn anything? No. I'm I'm going to I'm going to get better. Good. Acquaintances or friends who clearly share the couple's interests. Michelle, you did a great job at the polo match. I am ready to go. When is the next polo match? A year from now, but you're both going to be at 20, it's time for hats. Rather elitist sports and confidence in lucrative investments. You guys did a great deal on the lot. I had the lot for like 10 years. Uh-huh. And I wasn't going to build on it. It's up for $7.99 million. How much is your lot for? 10.7. Here, you can talk about big money without taboo. For in this luxury residence, all neighbors have the same living standard. They are business heads, investors, or high-level sports people. High-powered people who clearly do not want to mix with ordinary people. If the people that live around you aren't able to do the things that you can do, then you either don't do the things you want to do and you stay home, or you find people who are like-minded who are at a same level of financial security, I guess you'd say, that can afford to do some of the extra things in life that we enjoy doing, and that's That's what we find here is most of the people here can afford to go on a vacation or can afford to take a tennis lesson or take up golf. There's an instilled sense of self-seclusion, but to live here, co-owners must sign this document upon arrival. Internal rules, which are very strict and six pages long. Among the instructions are it is forbidden for children under 14 to walk around alone. Skateboards and scooters are prohibited. No noise after 10:00 p.m. during the week or midnight on Saturdays. And houses must respect very precise specifications subject to a committee. And we will see that the owners are not interested in breaking these rules. Year-round, the MacDonald Highlands neighborhood employs 80 people, including gardeners in charge of maintaining the green spaces and security guards. And among them are Paul and Lisa, employees at the Association of Property Owners. They have a very specific task in the community, making sure that the houses are well taken care of down to the last detail. Once a month, they go around the estate to report any offenses committed by the property owners. Looks like he hasn't taken his Christmas lights down. Don't expect huge crimes. Here, they put right the tiniest issues. Christmas lights must come down. The first offense of the day, Christmas decorations in the middle of May. It seems trivial, but it is banned. So, for the these lights in particular, there's a written rule that says you have a certain amount of days before and after the holiday to put up your traditional lighting then you got to take it back down. Might be 30 days before and 30 days after the holiday that you're allowed to do temporary lighting. Lisa takes photos to send to the owners of this house with a letter asking them to take the decorations down. If it is not done within 3 months, they will have to pay a fine. Yeah, it depends on the infraction. Uh for these type of violations for property maintenance, they assess fines of $50 every 7 days. So, uh we can't assess a fine more than $100 every 7 days. The fines range between 50 and $100 every week until the problem is resolved. We can get him a now. Yep, I will do that. >> his lights down. And that's the case for all kinds of small offenses, like damaged fences. Yeah, this one's really rusted out. Dead palm tree leaves. Palm fronds that need to be removed at this property. Yeah. A hole in the wall. There's that hole hole in the wall they haven't fixed yet. In total that morning, these aesthetics police have reported a dozen offenses. If all the properties are kept looking nice, it helps maintain the value of your own property. So, yes, it's just aesthetics and it's not a big deal, but it's a response to people who had neighbors who wouldn't take care of things that aren't a big deal. They choose to live in an association area and they choose to live in a gated The residents have accepted these strict rules. They've even got themselves a highway patrol to keep an eye on them. Not far away, a car patrols all day long. Larry, who's 71, is the most senior member of the employees and head of security. You got to try not to block things. Yep. This sheriff-like employee takes his role very seriously. He rules over a network of several dozen kilometers of private streets. Need to move your truck on the other side. He spends his day ensuring that the residents and employees respect the rules. The rules are parking is sidewalk side. Once you get your equipment unloaded, I need you to be over here. How about I just park in your parking lot? >> That's fine. Thanks. A small reminder, but Larry does not settle for playing good cop. A few meters ahead, he settles down to do a speed control. And to do that, he draws out his fatal weapon. A mobile radar and bit of patience. In the community, speed is limited to 20 miles an hour. Hmm, 34. This white car is driving at 33 miles an hour. The offense is noted, but there will not be a pursuit so as not to disturb the neighborhood. However, Larry will get all information about the offender with a simple phone call. Yeah, Jane. He calls the people who register all of the information on those who enter the community. Do you have a white Focus with California plates come through? Yeah, yeah. Remember, as a security measure, the driver's ID, the number plate, and the model of her car are recorded on entry. As a result, Larry's colleague has all the necessary information. Who is she again? Christina Alvarado. The name, address, license plate number, all you need to send the fine to this housemaid. She does not live in the community. However, she will not escape this completely legal fine. Okay. The cost of this fine is $40, and residents can also be charged. Who deported you would like to live here? No. Why? I don't like to be told what to do. Uh, that's me personally. You like to tell people what they have to do, but you don't have Why do you think I'm the boss? Rules that must be followed to the letter and a few extra charges. In order to live in this community, you have to pay. All of these security guards, activities, infrastructure, maintaining 400 hectares, and a pleasant green golf course in the middle of the desert, it all costs a lot of money. So, you're paying the bills? Michelle and Ken, like all of the other residents, are co-owners of the common spaces. So, to maintain everything, they pay fees to the co-owners association each month. The first bill is $340 per month for maintaining communal areas and security. Next, Ken and Michelle have a $300 monthly subscription to enjoy the sports And still, it is required to be a member or to have a membership when you're when you buy a house in the in the neighborhood. This $300 membership is compulsory, and it's not the only expense demanded by McDonald Highlands. So, then, um, at the club, we have a food and beverage minimum that we have to spend. Um, it is $300 per quarter. And so, we have to either eat at the club and spend our $300, you know, on food there, or If you don't spend it, they charge you that anyways. In total, each month, they must spend at least $740, and the same goes for all 500 homeowners. So, each year, McDonald Highlands collects $4.5 million to look after everything. More than 10 million Americans have chosen this way of life. But the US isn't the only place where these gated communities exist. The concept has even been around in France since the 19th century. The first gated communities were created here in the Paris region. The oldest is the Parc de Montretout on Paris's higher land. Napoleon III was its first resident, a century before the Le Pen family. And now, an Oscar-winning actor. In the center of Paris, many industry tycoons and showbiz stars live in the famous Villa Montmorency in the 16th arrondissement, or in the newest gated community, the Villa Grenelle in the 7th arrondissement. But in France, you no longer need to be extremely rich to live behind fences. In the south of France, Marseille holds the record number of gated communities. Attractions like the Old Port, the Basilica, and the Velodrome make it a nice place to live. But the Mediterranean town is also one of serious violence, drug dealing, and is the capital of organized crime. In 40 years, more than 1,500 gated communities have been built in Marseille. In the 9th arrondissement, a residential area is Coin Joli. Although it's not a high-luxury community, 4 years ago, in a general meeting, the co-owners voted for the area to be closed off with eight fences. Now, there are around 100 homes there, which are often stylish, but far from the huge American-style mansions. However, here too, access is forbidden to strangers and to cameras as well. We attempt, nevertheless, to understand why these co-owners want to close off their Robberies, antisocial behavior. This is what must have pushed the residents to close themselves off. Marseille's 9th arrondissement, however, is not known for its crime. So, could there perhaps be other reasons which led them to put up fences? For Julien Dario, a geographical researcher who specializes in gated communities in Marseille, security could in fact just be an excuse. No more need to share parking spaces, calmer, less traffic. In short, improving life's comfort as well as security. But how were the Coin Joli residents able to close off an entire neighborhood? To understand, let's go to the Aix-Marseille University with Julien Dario, the researcher. After 5 years of fieldwork, he knows the town and its gated communities like the back of his hand. >> 1,500 gated communities in Marseille. That's almost 15% of the land. In 50 years, fenced-off areas have multiplied in Marseille, completely legally, for certain areas were already private, built since the '30s by developers at the town's request following a housing emergency. So, decades later, the residents are entitled to do this. However, the procedure is relatively simple, a request to the mayor, which is usually granted, since in France property rights are unrestricted. Lionel Royer-Perreaut is the mayor of the 9th and 10th arrondissement in Marseille. He tried to oppose fencing off the Coin Joli area, the community in the 9th But in reality, there's nothing he can do. And these closures could well structure The private road network must be maintained by the residents from now on. And that's not all. Every time an area is closed, the mayor must deal with it. In spite of these additional costs, residents in Coin Joli have kept the fences. However, not all of them are in favor. During the vote at the general meeting, six homeowners opposed it. Fabienne lives in this house in Coin Joli. Having lived here for 24 years, she has always been against setting up fences. First, a gate at the end of her road. And a few meters further, another completely sealed barrier. Fixed posts, anti-intrusion spikes, and no pedestrian access. A self-segregation that Fabienne does not support at all. The eight fences which surround her community have turned her daily life upside down. The children Fabienne is talking about are students from neighboring areas. They used to use these streets in the mornings and evenings to get to school. But since it's been closed off, access has become much more complicated. Sarah Lefebvre has been living in a house outside the gates and the closed community for 12 years. Five years ago, she found out about the construction of this gate at the end of her road. Since then, her day-to-day life has changed, especially when she walks her son, Sylvain, to school. For 7 years, Sarah cut through the Coin Joli neighborhood to drop her son off at school. Now, she has to go around Coin Joli and follow a rather unexpected route. Across this collapsed wall every morning. Frustrated residents. An impractical, dangerous path which has been left abandoned for years. The other side is the route which goes around the gated community. A pretty long way, but more importantly, it's even more dangerous. A few hours later, at the end of school, she agrees to show us the route she fears. And for good reason, it's a real source of stress for this mother. Sarah has felt excluded since the installment of these fences. They have become a headache, even for certain Coin Joli residents. We met up with Fabienne again inside the gated community. Today, she's invited friends round for a cup of tea at her home. Just four people, but it takes a lot of work. The first guest is her mother, and she has to open the gate for her. Fabienne goes out to greet her mother so as to avoid a tedious procedure. Something that Fabienne does not wish to inflict on her mother. The other guests won't enjoy this preferential treatment. They must use the intercom. And each time Fabienne has to re-explain the whole procedure. And open the gate remotely. The whole process is rather absurd, until finally, she can enjoy tea with her friends. And her guests don't understand this system, either. >> Living hidden away, protected, the gated community model is developing across the world. The trend has even spread to Eastern countries, and the market is proving to be very lucrative. Like in Bulgaria. After 40 years under communism, the country joined the European Union. In its capital, Sofia, are 1.4 million residents and Europe's lowest minimum wage at 235 euros per month. Although the town center definitely doesn't lack charm, the buildings are often worn down and degraded. Ivan, who's 45 years old, is the vice president of the Sofia Municipal Council. Every day, to go to work, he goes through Sofia and the area where he used to live. So, this is where we used to live. In this entrance, at the top, at the at the roof of the building. He and his wife lived right here in the center of town, in a small apartment with a balcony on the top floor of this building. The main issue is that it's a very busy street. So, it was packed with traffic, packed with cars. Now, it looks like a a highway. Noise, traffic jams, and the pavements here are far from the sanitized streets of gated communities. You see all those ugly pavements when you have a small kid or a or a stroller to to carry the baby, this is really not the perfect way you you you expect to have your pavement. It's funny to admit for this municipality official. Ivan has even opted for a change of environment, even if it means turning his back on his town. He has moved to 10 or so kilometers from the center of Sofia into this totally gated community in the American style, with fences, cameras, and security guards, exactly like in the United States. He and his wife, Svoboda, along with their son, Alexander, have bought their dream apartment, 196 m squared and a big garden, which is nearly 300 m squared. Finally, I feel a big relief because first of all, we were in living in much smaller apartments with all these toys and things, we were really, you know, full and packed with many stuff, so now it's really big relief to move in something something big. And it's a well-suited apartment for having friends over. Like this French couple who arrived the previous day. This morning, Ivan and Svoboda offered them a tour of their new paradise, and here is the most important part for them. Up to three secure accesses with barriers and guards at the gate, a security that Ivan appreciates even more now that he is a dad. If you don't have children and you don't have to worry about anything else, having a security with the barriers and live guards that actually watch around, they have cameras at night, they're watching the the perimeter. And that's not all. The residence is overflowing with facilities. Offices, a fitness center with a pool, football pitches, and basketball courts. But also, there is a nursery, a hair salon, a variety of shops and restaurants, and even a chapel, all within a gated community. It's a real man-made village. So, it's like living in a big hotel, in a way. It's like living in a small town in the big town. Yes. That's probably the perfect explanation. A town in which everyone has the same standard of living, a really quite comfortable one. People who have a very busy day life, people who have their profession and careers, most of the people are working in multinational companies, there are people working in the banks, in the insurance business, in the transportation, uh construction. And there's even a VIP living here. The house over there is probably the biggest house. He become very busy with his professional career, and then he become a minister and then a president. This man is Rosen Plevneliev, the president of Bulgaria from 2012 to 2017. Powerful and highly influential neighbors, security, shops. Ivan no longer wants to leave this life of comfort. This weekend, are you going outside of the gated community? >> Yes, in 1 hour we are going out. I don't know. I still have things to do at home. You don't want to leave No. However, to live here and benefit from the security and comfort, they must pay for it. Each month, Ivan and Svoboda pay around 300 euros. That's a huge amount in Bulgaria. It's more than the local minimum wage. And Svoboda is a bit uneasy about broaching the issue. Why we are talking about prices of apartments? We were talking all the time with that we are going to speak about lifestyle, we are going to speak about community. 300 euros in charges, that's twice her mother's pension. Svoboda struggles to accept it. In fact, for Ivan and Svoboda, it is tough to openly accept what they spend for a comfortable life. In this country, which has historically remained quite poor, this man knew how to make a profit from the newly rich. He's the owner of Residential Park. His offices look over the community. Georgi Ranchev is a property developer, a pioneer in gated communities in Bulgaria. However, he began with very different constructions. The Residential Park is just our second largest project. Where we started, more than 20 years ago, is the Business Park Sofia. Business Park, an entire area of offices made up of modern buildings for the time. The first building was the yellow one, actually, and uh from there it started, and then we developed building by building, adding more and more uh office space and more and more clients. As a result, hundreds of businesses moved there on the outskirts of Sofia. 15,000 people work there, but they are far from their homes and the center of town. Uh by talking to all the people and the business guys from the community, I came the idea that they would like to live nearby because of the traffic, because of the jams, because of the parking problems, and we started acquiring plots. This is how the idea for the gated community was born, a small town for the executives of these companies with housing, shops, and all the necessary comforts. Today, Georgi's company still owns the land, with the exception of the houses. So, he manages the residence like a small business. One of his tasks is maintaining the communal spaces. Today, with his associate, he wants to do up the community's shared spaces, beginning with the empty land next to the chapel. Georgi wants to install some small covered benches, but the problem is that these installations, which are over 2 m tall, come at a price. A bench like this is uh 10,000 euros, probably. Uh we are willing to invest something between 30, 40,000. Every year, Georgi invests 1 million euros into the residence, taking special care of his 1,600 residents, whom he doesn't want to lose. Because his success has created rivalry, and for several months, a competitor has been copying Georgi's idea. Just a few meters away from Residential park is a huge building site. Another community with offices, sports centers, restaurants, and even a school. So, behind the scenes, Georgi is preparing a counterattack. He has decided to build a whole new residence just a bit further from the center. Today, the businessman has met with his associates on the new land which he has bought 20 km from Sofia. He'd like to work out the appearance of the final project in more concrete terms. His architects give a tour. It has to be said that at the moment, it's rather difficult to picture a huge residence here on this vast land. It's a bit in the middle of nowhere. Yes, it is. More or less, yes. Residential Park, Sofia, from the very beginning was the same. Location in the middle of nowhere. It was even worse, I think. In the residential park, there was nothing. Just a big tree. He wanted this land so much that he negotiated with farmers, accepting their rather surprising conditions. 200,000 square meters cash. 200,000 euros. Cash? Cash. Why? They wanted to to see the cash. These were guys from the villages, from German, from Lozen, and they didn't trust anybody. It's like local village people. A lot of cash and some cold sweat. And I'm 10:00 in the night. It was in the basement. And then, uh everybody, 100 guys, waiting outside. And we with the cash in boxes. And I say, "What do we do if this guy doesn't come?" And I'm with the boxes with the cash. And then he came and uh 1 hour we spread out the cash, they counted it, went away happy. Georgi seems sure of himself. It must be said that this land has a huge asset, its location. It's going to be extended and we're going to connect to it. And there is an existing road. Uh once the ring road is going to to expand, it's going to be very fast to go downtown. An expressway leading into the center of Sofia just next to the future gated community. It's clearly worth it. Three years before the first houses are built, clients are already rushing. Currently, we have sold as reservations more than 100 houses out of 136. We are we are signing like five to 10 reservations per week. So, by the end of June, everything, we believe, if we keep the same speed, would be booked. A full house. Since filming, all of the project's new homes have been reserved.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlisonBaker-p9i [15 likes]: If I were a millionaire I would NEVER want to live in a place like this......Urghhhh how suffocating!!!! 🫡👎
  2. @catladytx [8 likes]: God forbid these people ever encounter  the fury of a natural disaster, which affects everyone, not just the poor people that they are disgusted by. Gated communities are a false sense of security. The real world is just beyond the gates and the way society is going now no one is safe. Lol😂 this woman changed clothes 4 times in one day 😆 what a difference she is making in the world that she is hiding from.
  3. @BasedInBrazil [5 likes]: Correction: He built it, she was waiting at the finish line.
  4. @SweetAzSugar111 [4 likes]: How easilythey forget the same people who they keep out are the same people who make them rich
  5. @OneManParade [4 likes]: Good they built it. They deserve it. Two sets of great Juggs
  6. @oldbuzzard8536 [3 likes]: The poor husband at 25:00 is looking rather stressed by all the crazy costs!!  He looked miserable at the bar too!!  He needs to sell that place and move!!!
  7. @5GreenAcres [3 likes]: In America they don't wall off area's in the city or town to block the existing residents from their daily commutes.  Huge difference.
  8. @mikaelsmith3605 [3 likes]: Did anyone else feel reminded of Bojack Horsemans house at the start of the video? 🤣 I swear the master bedroom, the living room and the big balcony with the view over LA are spot on 😂
  9. @FuturesTraderUSDT.P [3 likes]: Video quality is too low
  10. @bobby4500 [3 likes]: cant blame them, wouldnt want to be robbed or killed
  11. @bajafire [2 likes]: Is this a repost? Seems very familar
  12. @ebebimik [1 likes]: eat the rich
  13. @David-m1n8d [1 likes]: Watching from Nigeria west Africa i love this channel ❤❤❤❤
  14. @bodeaalex1142: Life there seems insanly boring and limiting, and the 'extra things in life' they brag about, are absolute debile.
  15. @candaceberman1448: I think they should all stay there all of them make sure they get ALL THE REST OF THE RICH AND ULTRA RICH
  16. @JuhanAlvarez: 2:30 nice turning 😅
  17. @andisboljat7801: so property rights in France are similar to gun rights in the US
  18. @infinitebb: Looks like my mums place in kenya 🇰🇪 but hers has more nature and houses are more spaced apart.. I actually understand why people live places like this.. They want peace
  19. @Sydneyconteh25: It looks like they are buying for the security and not for the community

- Inside the luxurious lives of the world's richest kids | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en how could he how dare he he was one of them privileged the heir to a fortune 21 year old jamie johnson never had to work a day in his life then he went into the movie business made a candid documentary about his fabulously wealthy friends they spilled the beans all the beans and thus broke the last great social taboo never ever ever be crass enough to talk about money well you could hear the smart set choking on their silver spoons they cut young jamie dead you'll see why in this preview of his sneaky expose the film he called born rich [Music] i always expected that my 21st birthday party would be the greatest night of my life champagne pretty girls you wonder can life get any better than this well to be blunt it can at midnight i'm going to inherit more money than most people could earn or spend in a lifetime jamie johnson is serious he's about to become seriously rich he's share of the johnson johnson company founded by his family more than a century ago is worth millions and millions of dollars every time you buy a band-aid jamie gets richer [Applause] what did i do to earn the kind of money i'll own at midnight tonight all i did was inherit it jamie johnson's immense wealth bothers him bothers him so much that he dared question and he did it in the most public way he turned a camera on some of his super rich friends the wealthiest kids on earth and made a documentary called bournemouth it would be a low estimate very low estimate for me to say 20 billion i remember when i was a little kid my my mom let me spend the day with my uncle and uh he took me to grand central station and he said this is yours we are on the 68th floor not a bad view to wake up to i think i made a lot of people nervous and anxious and you know that's the way they felt about it you had some some nasty public encounters i had a few i would be approached at parties and people would say what do you think you're doing why did you do this i think you did the wrong thing and there was some tension there and i think some people feel like i did break an unspoken rule that shouldn't have been broken before i say anything i just want to say that i am really really reluctant to do this and i really don't like talking to this thing at all and i dislike you both immensely as a result of the fact luke will was one of jamie's friends as heir to a massive gaming fortune luke would later regret revealing just how much power and privilege comes from being absolutely stinking rich someone pisses you off and i'm up at boarding school this kid's from like some town in connecticut you know i don't know i can just say you i'm from new york i can buy your family piss off and this is petty and this is weak and this is very underhanded but it's so easy you know so in a sense you were a traitor you burst the bubble you blew the whistle i i i mean i i guess in that sense i was you know i mean people have said that about me so and the german baron and italian vicar in all ten of jamie's friends agreed to bear their wealthy soul i'm a handbag group personally because it's like the easiest thing to shop for when you're not really shopping and you're just running in and you just go and you buy it and you don't realize how expensive it is new house the fourth is the eldest son and heir to a publishing empire it's the condi nest group which includes vogue lore vanity fair gq self glamour house and garden continental traveler architectural digest bon appetit gourmet wired new yorker and i'm sure there's a couple i missed cody franchetti is heir to a textile fortune lapels you see they're high there's nothing worse when you see these jackets with these lapels that go like this you see they are low riding clinton wears this kind of thing have you seen it looks like a restaurant owner it's so vulgar this is so has an aristocratic thing to it now cody is a part-time model and a full-time multi-millionaire who feels not one shred of guilt over having wealth he's never worked for and i find guilt absolutely senseless so i don't i don't uh i don't feel bad for any for any thing and uh especially having money i find it a very very negative trip and it's something that is you know basically for for uh old women and nuns while all the people in bourne rich never need work jamie's father never has worked not one day not ever instead he paints i don't want to be nervous about money or be nervous about who i am and i feel like you're feeling nervous about this film is maybe that nervousness of who you are and you're in control of this film and i'm not so there's a little source of nervousness talking about money and having a public association with wealth was a frightening a frightening thing for him and the way he's dealt with that is by avoiding it as much as possible so when his son decides to pull out a camera what's worse and discuss it that was his worst nightmare i think it was his worst nightmare but at the same time i think also that's probably one of the reasons why i felt like it needed to be done because it's not that frightening money is a thing that you don't talk about because it's in bad taste why it was to his father that jaime turned to seek his advice about a burning question even if you don't need to work does it fulfill you more as a person to have a job it's a concept his dad finds difficult to grasp after graduation you might pursue the filming a little bit but you might also get interested in graduate school further studies building a collection of historic documents papers publications and as a career yes okay and you look at him as if to say there's something seriously wrong here i do remember that and it's kind of funny because he suggests i collect old maps and there's something so antiquated about that idea hand colored oh yeah well considering i don't have to work what advice would you give me on then don't work then don't work why would anybody in their right mind work unless they had to do you have a job no do you want a job no cody franchetti's chiseled face looms large over new york but right now he has put modelling on hold in fact this 29 year old says he's put off any career until he's 40. it's a decision he's happy with but not so many of his mates i have met more very rich people that are unhappy than regular people that aren't and this is i just can't understand why people think that money equals happiness it it isn't so and and often it equals unhappiness at a certain level what what would make a very isolation isolation is one of the main thing that comes with with wealth with extreme wealth and that is a terrible thing this was my bed it's a little small for me now and then there's ivanka trump blessed with beautiful looks and buckets of money the fact is that i'm absolutely you know proud to be a trump this daughter of donald never feels lonely but she says she understands the oh so terrible isolation money can bring i remember once i was on a job in australia and and this guy just walks up to me who had never met and says how does what does it feel like to be wealthy i was like and i was like excuse me and he goes what does it feel like to never have felt any pain and that really upset me just the fact that there really are people out there who think like that you know that think that with money comes comes happiness i think this is so classic and what of life you stick everything in it can hold make a kid for finance era stephanie oakland the options are limited poor people need not apply i fit your little dog in it i've never actually dated outside my social background and i've thought about that never it's really weird and potential partners beware with love comes lawyers one day i'll fall in love and i'll get married whatever i'll probably get divorced a couple years later i'll have a serious prenup before up it's been drilled into my head since i was five years old pre-nup all the way and if this little ungrateful has the nerve to say something like it's unromantic i don't want to print up then she's just a gold digger and i don't want to get married to her anyways well you were all surprised by some of the things that were seen times i was really surprised i mean i was surprised and offended and confused and just thought is that is it really this way i mean is this really the state of things can you recall when or what would make you surprised or offended or mildly abused there's certain moments in the film when you see such a strong sense of entitlement and such a snobbery and i think those are hard to watch this is the britannica 11th edition which is uh in 33 volumes but thin and uh and this is the last edition that was written before it became from 1911 before it got completely rewritten and became you know for the masses i mean now the encyclopedia britannica is you know born rich nearly died before it was finished during the production luke wheel took legal action to try and stop it going to air in america luke failed and jamie's expose of young money finally made it to air there was a huge sense of fear that built around the movie because press started to come out before anyone had seen it before the subjects in the film had seen it and i think their family started to react to the press and their friends started to react to the press and saying to the kids that were in the film you're an idiot why did you do this this was so stupid and then they got scared in the end jamie's aim was a very personal one to lift the veil of secrecy so that he could feel comfortable with his own mega will so how successful was he how much money did you inherit you know it's interesting i it's i'm a millionaire i'm a multi-millionaire but i don't really talk about it more specifically than that why not and there it is it's like you know i've made this film and i i'm comfortable now talking about wealth in public but uh i still don't go there because i won't be upset yeah i know you know i won't be you any differently so to this day you still can't say well actually i've got you know 400 million in the bank or i can have access to a billion dollars if i want you can't utter those kinds of words i can't i've had the benefit of being rich all my life and i'll never want for material things but after working on this movie i've discovered that what you inherit may not be as valuable as hello i'm liz hayes thanks for watching 60 minutes australia subscribe to our channel now for brand new stories and exclusive clips every week and don't miss out on our extra minute segments and full episodes of 60 minutes on nine now dot com dot iu the nine now app

- How The Ultra-Rich Fly Around The World In $80M Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This $80 million plane is the latest in a fleet of private jets offered by Qatar executive. First class is not even a comparison right now because there's an actual >> with the world seeing more billionaires than ever. Demand for this kind of extravagant travel is soaring and accessing this luxury is becoming easier than ever through chartering and time share services. Qatar has been quietly building up its aviation industry, too. >> This whole country, it's it's sort of well, it's like a giant aviation industrial complex with a country under it. >> Recently, Qatar gifted President Trump a luxury jet intended to be used as a new Air Force One. >> You look at some of the Arab countries and the planes they have parked alongside of the United States of America plane, it's like from a different planet. So, how luxurious are private jets these days and what are the trends driving the industry? This airport in Doha is mainly reserved for flights on Qatar Executive which caters to corporate customers, government officials and what the airline calls ultra high netw worth individuals. >> My first and probably last time on a private jet. Let's go. We took a tour of one of their newest models, the G700. Custom made by the American company GFream. The Jet has many exclusive features, including 10 leather seats and a couch that can all turn into beds. >> Yes, it's comfortable. I just want to say like that there's a certain smell in this plane and it kind of smells like luxury or leather. Unlike commercial cabins that recirculate air, this plane is designed to take in fresh air through the engines, it is then compressed, cooled, and filtered before being released into the cabin. There's also a private suite all the way at the back to minimize the engine noise. So, this door is designed to go up and down like this for a reason. It's because at higher altitudes, an aircraft expands. And the only way you can seal the doorway and not let any light through into this bedroom space is if this door moves like this. The airline offers an array of dining options you can order at any time and it offers a concage service. So these macaroons were made at the catering facility in Doha. But say if I was taking this private jet from Paris to Doha and I wanted lad macaroons, then that's what they would do. They would actually buy them and serve them uh as part of their service. The crew is also carefully selected. Every flight attendant must have a minimum 10 years of experience. >> If you have any special requests, we will include and you can have the meals at any time. >> Amazing. The bathroom also has hints of luxury. The amenity kit is designed by the French perfume brand Dipique, whose lotions can cost as much as $100. Perfume, body wash, lotion, and socks. Again, this looks like a chair, looks like a sink, but where in the world is the toilet? Well, guess what? Here it is. lift this. There's the golden throne. >> Shall we say hi to the pilots? >> Say hi to them. >> Hello. Hello. >> How are we doing? >> The pilots on this jet told us there are big differences between flying a commercial plane versus a private jet like this one. And that also adds to the experience. >> It's like having a Ferrari and we have different views on this one. And then uh situational awareness on this airplane is very high. >> The Gulf Stream can fly at an altitude of 51,000 ft. 10,000 ft higher than a typical commercial airliner. That increased altitude has surprising benefits. >> This aircraft is more economical flying higher. So you burn less fuel and it flies much faster. We fly at about 90% of the speed of sound. It also means the jets can fly above commercial traffic and avoid certain weather patterns, so there's less turbulence and the flight can be shorter with a more direct route. Another advantage is how the cabins are pressurized. Commercial flights simulate an altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 ft, about the height of Machu Picchu in Peru. But this jet has a cabin altitude of just 2,800 ft. That's like standing on top of the world's highest building, the Bourj Khalifa in Dubai. >> You feel really comfortable on this airplane. Even after a 13, 14 hour flight, you don't feel tired. Yeah. >> We stayed on the tarmac for this tour. But a one-way flight from New York to Doha on a jet like this can cost up to $300,000 depending on the availability and any specific requests. Since Qatar Airways launched this private jet arm in 2009, it's seen a surge in demand with revenue growing 29% in the last fiscal year. That tracks closely with the rise of millionaires and billionaires worldwide. In 1990, the US had 66 billionaires. Today, it has more than 900. That total is followed closely by China, which has more than 500 billionaires. and India has the third most with 200. Those three countries alone make up more than half of the world's 3,000 billionaires. >> The level of wealth increasing in the world greatly outpaced the business aircraft market. So I think in other words, we're kind of got a game of catchup among uh wealthy folks saying, "Oh, okay. I can fly privately. What a great idea." Powerhouse celebrities from the world of music, film, and sports have all made the upgrade. And for many of them, even charter flights aren't good enough. So, they've bought their own jets. Oprah Winfrey went private back in 1991 after a fan asked her for a hug while waiting for a flight in Chicago's O'Hare airport. Her newest jet is a Gulfream G700 like the one we toured. Taylor Swift, Tiger Woods, and of course, Elon Musk all own personal luxury aircraft. Warren Buffett named his the indispensable after experiencing the convenience of traveling on his own time. And Donald Trump has owned private aircraft since the 1980s. While other public figures might try to play down their expensive purchase, Trump has flaunted it. His Boeing 757 is emlazed with his name in gold letters. He calls it Trump Force One, even though it's not his presidential plane. The US has two Air Force One planes, but they're more than 30 years old, having been used by six presidents dating back to President George HW Bush. So, they need to be updated. During his first term, Trump signed a nearly $4 billion deal with Boeing for two new jets. >> Well, the plane is totally out of control. It's going to be over $4 billion. It's for Air Force One program, and uh I think it's ridiculous. >> They were due to be delivered in 2024, but production delays have pushed Boeing's deadline to beyond Trump's second term. That's why he made other plans. In May 2025, the US accepted Qatar's gift of a luxury Boeing 747-8 jetliner. The plane is decked out with luxury fabrics, big leather seats, and shiny wood veneer. It has lounges and bedrooms, a private office, and of course, an overthe-top bathroom. probably what happened is President Trump got on the current Air Force One and found it rather, you know, quotidian. And then he saw the Qatari plane, which I'm sure has more, you know, gold lame than, I don't know, your standard disc attack in the 1970s, and that's what I want. But the US Constitution has an imoluments clause that prohibits accepting such an expensive gift from a foreign government unless it's approved by Congress. And this one wasn't. >> There is no such thing as a free palace in the sky. What do foreign countries want when they gift massive amounts of money and other gifts to the president? >> I could be a stupid person say no, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane. Uh, but it was I thought it was a great gesture. >> The White House said the aircraft was worth $400 million and would save taxpayers money, but experts say it's 13 years old and might only be worth a quarter of its original price. >> I don't think the Qataris quite know what to do with this jet. There's no residual market. There's no secondary market. So, I think they probably said, "Well, at least we can curry a bit of political favor." >> The upgrade could also take years to complete. Here's what needs to happen. First, the jet must be completely taken apart to check for any spying devices. Then, new security features approved by the Pentagon would need to be installed. Air Force One is designed to be a White House in the sky. It should be able to defend against surfaceto-air missiles and even survive a nuclear attack. It also has a very strategic layout with a surgical suite and two kitchens capable of preparing up to 100 meals at a time. It can even be refueled midair given the plane's unlimited range. >> Does Trump say, "I don't care about these systems. I just like the interior. Do we cut corners and fly around in a less capable, less safe Air Force One?" Here in the US, the rise of private flying is closely tied with the history of Air Force One. Franklin Roosevelt became the first president to fly in a private purpose-built plane in 1945 when he traveled to Crimea during World War II. Roosevelt's plane had a conference room, a special wheelchair lift, a bulletproof window, and a refrigerator, the epitome of luxury at the time. In 1953, President Dwight Eisenhower became the first to officially call his plane the Air Force One, when he upgraded to a jet, a Boeing 707. 10 years later, in 1963, a Swiss American aviation company, Learjet, introduced the first private aircraft with seats for six passengers and two pilots. Its price tag started at about $650,000. In the late '7s, Boeing began converting its popular 747 model for private luxury travel. Over the next two decades, charter services emerged, allowing people to easily explore and book private trips, ushering in a new era of flying. [Applause] Qatar has been building its own aviation empire since 1993 while using planes as a diplomacy tool. In 2000, the country sent a Boeing 747 to Iraq as an expression of solidarity. In 2013, when Turkish and Lebanese hostages were released from Syria, Qatar executive quickly offered jets to escort them home. And in 2018, Qatar's Amir gifted a Boeing 747 to Turkish President Arduan, citing his trust in Turkey. I don't think there's any question that they regard aviation as a kind of an integrated well fabric if you will, economics, diplomacy, uh, military power, so hard and soft power. They there's no way they could be spending this monster amount of money on jets without having a sense of what it all means. >> Becoming an aviation powerhouse has also helped Qatar secure its position in the Middle East. When tensions escalated between Qatar and its neighbors in 2017 over its ties to Iran, Egypt, the UAE, Bahrain, and Saudi Arabia imposed a massive blockade. They denied the tiny kingdom access to their airspace and seas and closed its only land border. Qatar relied on imports for survival and the country was facing a crisis. It quickly turned to its aviation superiority to flex some muscle. The airline flew thousands of dairy cows on Qatar Airways cargo planes from Germany, the Netherlands, the US, and Australia to Doha, where a new farm was waiting to help give the country more control over its food supply. >> Aviation was their lifeline. And whether economically or diplomatically, there was that high-profile story, I believe, of using Qatari jetliners to fly dairy cows into the country so they could have milk, you know. I mean, it was it was an exceptional moment in history. >> And Qatar's influence in aviation extends beyond just owning fancy planes. The Qatar Investment Authority, the country's $500 billion sovereign wealth fund, has bought shares in other airlines. In 2025, it scooped up a 25% stake in Virgin Australia after Australia wouldn't allow Qatar Airways to expand its flights. In 2020, Qatar secured its 25% stake in IA, which operates British Airways, Iberia, and Heirlingus among others. And back in 2012, the country bought a 20% stake in London's Heathro airport. It also owns part of two African airlines, Airlink and Rwanda Air. Qatar's ties to the United States also run deep. It shelled out $8 billion over the last 20 years to help develop and maintain the Al- Uid air base, the largest US military facility in the Middle East. It houses some 10,000 troops. In May 2025, Trump said Qatar pledged another $10 billion towards the base over the coming years. These closed ties benefit some US manufacturers as well, like Boeing. Qatar Airways has an order for 210 aircraft. And Qatar Executive flies 22 private jets made by another American manufacturer, Gulfream, with a few more scheduled for delivery next year. The private jet business is also growing worldwide. Today, there are about 23,000 private jets operating around the world, and about 65% of those are based in the US. That's up from 10,000 jets operating globally in 2000. Analysts say the global business jet market could reach nearly $70 billion by 2032. But owning a private jet isn't the only option. Some invest in fractional ownership, kind of like a time share for jets, where owners share costs such as maintenance, staff salaries, and hanger space. Others book and share chartered planes, or they use jet card programs that are like a prepaid card for flight hours. Vista Jet is one company that offers such a program. >> As long as the runway is long and safe enough, we'll make it happen. >> Vista Jet started with just two Lear jets in 2004. Now it has a fleet of more than 300 aircraft around the world. The company uses a subscription-based plan in which clients buy flight hours and it replicates ownership. But what it does is that it takes away all the ownership risks where the asset depreciation, the the management of the aircraft and the operation of the aircraft. >> It's a convenience clients are willing to pay for. The flight time costs anywhere from 11,000 to about 25,000 an hour depending on the type of plane. Members have to purchase a minimum of 25 flight hours a year with a 3-year commitment. And there's a separate fuel charge on top of the hourly rates. One flight from New York to London on this aircraft type could cost you $300,000 where our average client average net worth are well over half a billion dollars. members are guaranteed a plane will be available for their flight as long as they give 24 hours notice. >> It's like doing a jigsaw puzzle. How you make sure that you have enough availability, but at the same time, we can't have too much waste. >> To avoid empty seats, the company also sells individual chartered flights outside the membership program. And they're looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint. Studies have found that private flights are up to 14 times more polluting per passenger than flying commercial as a carbon footprint is spread across fewer people. One study calculated that 2 hours of a private flight emits more carbon dioxide than an average person creates in a year. And because these planes fly higher, the emissions are released in more sensitive parts of the atmosphere where they linger, potentially contributing to more global warming. 85% of our customers opt in for our carbon emission program. They could give us, for example, a 7-day booking notice because it help us to organize our fleet to reduce that empty leg. like Qatar executive Vista Jet is competing to meet its customers high expectations for luxury when cooking on a private jet. Um it's very much the food has to be specifically engineered so that things don't dry out and that's what they really specialize on and getting the the food from worldrenowned chefs like Nou and things like this. On the 7,500 we have two ovens which are perfect for for this. With the the private airline, we can really cater to our clients specific needs. Um, we know exactly what our clients like. Um, and we take feedback after every single flight and we write back to our company. When it comes down to owning, sharing or chartering, experts say there's one simple principle. For those who travel a lot and can afford it, owning is perhaps the way to go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [23 likes]: "This is how the world's richest people spend their money": https://trib.al/iMlA0pY
  2. @777driver1: 40 years as an airline pilot sim instructor examiner . The vast majority of pilots want to fly in military or for an airline . Problem with corporate is passengers putting pressures on the pilots as well as lack of job security know one who really wants a career in corporate. The first Question is why are you not an military or airline pilot
  3. @777driver1: My only question as a Passenger is what pressures are the pilots under
  4. @Jose-ms9bm: Qatar is getting what in exchange?
  5. @TheLuigi000: Maybe it's because I am BROKE AF but...$80 Million for a PLANE??? Not to mention that I have to fuel it, maintain it, house it, insure it and crew it!?!?! Let's say I have ELON money, that's the ONLY way that makes sense to me...and in that case well...Gulfstream G650 😊
  6. @themu2715: Trump bash video of hearsay hey blue shirt guy . Who told you that. Secret information?  Wow . Nonsense for dummies
  7. @brinjoness3386: "It's like from a different planet", it came from the same factory in the usa. What an idiot
  8. @jvotv5128: America First President who supports Israel and flys foreign planes.....Completely corrupt....Now he is doing deals with them
  9. @andrewchun4895: Stacy’s mom?
  10. @SmokeBurp: its fun to stalk them on adsb websites, just set altitude filter to 42000-50000 feet and you can look and see who it is sometimes, just put their call sign in AI. I saw a alleged cartel boss, I saw starbucks CEO. Lots of crypto people and I think I saw Ronaldo too. lol.
  11. @127ante: Gagaaaaaaaa
  12. @hokko274: So there are only 3000 billionaires versus billons of normal people, what's really stopping society from sharing that money more fairly?
  13. @dvdvvd-d9y: When you have lots of money, everyday should be a YOLO celebration!!
  14. @silence169-s5n: Felt like they missed some steps saying how the room minimizes the engine noise by being in the back. The engine is at the back of the airplane.
  15. @miratsayfullin9173: 6:50 Warren Buffett named it 'Indefensible', not 'Indispensable'
I read about it in his book
  16. @LeeBrown96: Absolutely do not want to see this content as it completely repulses me!
  17. @whatweather: I can’t believe they seriously made it about global warming. That’s why we think it’s partially a hoax because not everything is global warming.
  18. @Canteaus: 6:49 Wrong. Warren Buffet called it the "indefensible" because there's no way that he could justify the high costs of flying private, and it goes against his mostly frugal lifestyle. Google it.
  19. @marcelobraga5600: Remember this folks... Those are the same billionaires telling to cut meat consuption and use public transport to cut carbon emissions
  20. @cine-e: Cheeto is such a loser

- 2024’s Wealthiest American Dynasties REVEALED!: Kind: captions Language: en hello there today we're diving into the world of wealth and exploring the richest families in the USA in 2024 these families have amassed incredible fortunes through their successful businesses and Investments join us as we take a closer look at the Walton family the kooch family the Mars family the Cargill McMillan Family the Johnson family the Bezos family and the Zuckerberg family these families have not only made a significant impact on the economy but have also shaped Industries and touched the lives of millions so sit back relax and get ready to be inspired by their stories of success and don't forget to like comment share and subscribe to our channel to stay updated with the latest content on fascinating topics like this let's get started one Bezos family Amazon the Bezos family led by Jeff Bezos the founder and former CEO of Amazon is considered one of the richest families in the world Amazon success contributed to their immense wealth Jeff Bezos himself is often recognized as the richest person in the world two Walton family Walmart the Walton family descendants of Walmart founder Sam Walton is known for their significant stake in the retail giant Walmart is one of the largest companies globally and the family's wealth has continued to grow over the years with a combined net worth of over $200 billion dollars they have significant control over the retail industry three Coke family Koke Industries the kooch family led by Charles kooch and his brother David kooch deceased is associated with Coke Industries one of the largest privately held conglomerates in the world Koch Industries operates in various Industries including oil refining chemicals and paper products the coke family with interests in various Industries including energy chemicals and commodities has accumulated substantial wealth over Generations they are known for their involvement in conservative political causes four Mars family Mars Inc the Mars family known for their involvement in The Confectionary industry owns Mars Inc a global candy and pet food company popular brands under Mars Inc include M&M's Snickers and pedigree the Mars family known for the Mars candy company has built a fortune through their successful confectionary business they have Diversified their Investments and have a significant presence in the food industry five Ellison family Oracle Corporation the Ellison family led by Larry Ellison co-founder and executive chairman of Oracle Corporation has accumulated ated significant wealth through their involvement in the technology industry Oracle is a multinational computer technology corporation specializing in database software and cloud services six Lauder family estd Lauder Companies the Lauder family descendants of SD Lauder the founder of SD Lauder Companies is associated with one of the world's leading Beauty companies SD Lauder Companies owns popular brands such as SD Lauder Clinique and Mac Cosmetics they are known for their ownership of the SD Lauder Companies and their involvement in philanthropy seven Cox family Cox Enterprises the Cox family led by James Cox Kennedy is associated with Cox Enterprises a privately held conglomerate with interests in media Communications and automotive services Cox Enterprises owns major media outlets and cable networks pritsker family Hyatt Hotels Corporation the pritsker family descendants of Hyatt Hotels Corporation founder J pritzer is involved in the hotel and hospitality industry Hyatt Hotels Corporation operates a global chain of luxury hotels and resorts nine Johnson family Fidelity Investments the Johnson family descendants of Edward C Johnson II the founder of Fidelity Investments is associated with one of the largest investment management companies in the world Fidelity Investments offers a wide range of financial services and products and Hurst family Hurst Corporation the Hurst family descendants of media Tycoon William Randolph Hurst owns Hurst Corporation a diversified media and information company Hurst Corporation operates newspapers magazines television channels and digital media platforms please note that the wealth rankings of these families may vary over time and it is always recommended to refer to the latest Forbes list or financial reports for the most up-to-date information these are just a few examples of the top richest families in the USA each family has its unique story of wealth creation and influence in different Industries thank you for joining us on this journey through the lives of the richest families in the USA in 2024 we hope you found these stories of success and wealth inspiring these families have not only achieved financial prosperity but have also left a lasting impact on various Industries and communities we encourage you to continue exploring the fascinating world of wealth and Entrepreneurship if you enjoyed this video please remember to like comment share and subscribe to our Channel your support means a lot to us and helps us bring you more more engaging content like this thank you for watching and we'll see you soon with more exciting videos stay tuned and once again thank you for watching

- The 10 Wealthiest Places in the United States: Kind: captions Language: en Are we getting richer? Do we even care anymore&nbsp; because you know that whole american dream thing&nbsp;&nbsp; we're supposed to be chasing it seems like it's&nbsp; getting harder and harder to have those dreams&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore for a lot of us i mean we're working more&nbsp; hours than ever before but it kind of seems like&nbsp;&nbsp; for many of us we're treading in place it's hard&nbsp; to get wealthy in the united states these days&nbsp;&nbsp; with increased taxes and rise of cost of living&nbsp; and big corporations taking the juice out of the&nbsp;&nbsp; fruit seems that today for a lot of us now a&nbsp; good goal is just to work hard and save and&nbsp;&nbsp; bank on that retirement one day one day one day&nbsp; and the answer that first question is yes we're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting richer sorta the rich are getting richer&nbsp; since 1970 the percentage of wealth from the upper&nbsp;&nbsp; class has gone up from 29 to nearly half that&nbsp; means the upper class now has half the wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; and the middle class share of the economy has gone&nbsp; down from two-thirds to 43 percent the lower class&nbsp;&nbsp; is even poorer than it was 50 years ago now the&nbsp; places we're going to talk about certainly aren't&nbsp;&nbsp; lacking in the bank department they're rich&nbsp; pal places we're going to talk about have the&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest most successful and powerful people&nbsp; in the whole country how do they get so rich&nbsp;&nbsp; and what do they do with all their money we'll&nbsp; talk about that too of course we always do now&nbsp;&nbsp; let's look behind the gate at who all the big&nbsp; shot moneybags are in the united states today&nbsp;&nbsp; the richest people do we really care i guess&nbsp; so cause we're talking about it right now&nbsp;&nbsp; no your eyes are not deceiving you yes we're&nbsp; in new mexico you might be thinking isn't new&nbsp;&nbsp; mexico like mostly poor people and criminals yes&nbsp; there's a lot of that here for sure but not here&nbsp;&nbsp; in los alamos county no way boy it's true look&nbsp; at this while the top three richest counties&nbsp;&nbsp; in the country are all basically washington dc&nbsp; suburbs los alamos county new mexico is home to&nbsp;&nbsp; the fourth highest median incomes of all where on&nbsp; average the typical person earns more than 100k&nbsp;&nbsp; a year annually that's everyone it's the large&nbsp; number of really important high-paying jobs that&nbsp;&nbsp; make this place home the biggest concentration&nbsp; of millionaires on the whole region where one&nbsp;&nbsp; in five residents is already a millionaire one&nbsp; in five people in this town can you imagine the&nbsp;&nbsp; reason for this pile of money is the los alamos&nbsp; national labs is here and it employs ten thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; of this county's eighteen thousand residents&nbsp; the average pay here is 135k a year it's a bunch&nbsp;&nbsp; of scientists and phds and military people who&nbsp; have important jobs that nobody else knows how&nbsp;&nbsp; to do the average home price here is six hundred&nbsp; thousand dollars and going up all the time too&nbsp;&nbsp; now earlier i talked about how tough it is to&nbsp; get wealthy in america these days this bloomberg&nbsp;&nbsp; article points out many reasons why and talks&nbsp; about the three main ways people get rich in&nbsp;&nbsp; the united states on the stock market through real&nbsp; estate and by starting up a new business starting&nbsp;&nbsp; up a new business is hard these days bloomberg&nbsp; says because big corporations make it harder for&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller folks to stake a claim stock market wealth&nbsp; is something very few are able to accomplish&nbsp;&nbsp; and many fail trying and the housing market isn't&nbsp; as easy to break into anymore either high housing&nbsp;&nbsp; costs and a shortage of available homes means&nbsp; building a real estate empire is tougher now&nbsp;&nbsp; than ever so we just try to rise up the corporate&nbsp; ladder and hope for the best if you can afford the&nbsp;&nbsp; college education needed to take that first&nbsp; step on the ladder but it's america and with&nbsp;&nbsp; hard work and determination we can do anything&nbsp; just ask the people down in our next wealthiest&nbsp;&nbsp; region the dallas suburbs there's many wealthy&nbsp; communities in the dallas area going back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; 70s and 80s we had hit tv shows which reminded&nbsp; us how wealthy dallas families were then too&nbsp;&nbsp; but today oil isn't the main source of wealth here&nbsp; now they're all bankers and insurance brokers and&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate legends doctors and lawyers who all&nbsp; work in downtown dallas the people in places like&nbsp;&nbsp; highland park university park melissa trophy club&nbsp; south lake and koppel are re itch these are all&nbsp;&nbsp; the very exclusive dallas suburbs with communities&nbsp; that range from 6 000 people to 30 000 people&nbsp;&nbsp; the average household income for these communities&nbsp; varies but on average they hover near the 250 000&nbsp;&nbsp; mark annually let's use highland park&nbsp; as an example of this exuberant exurb&nbsp;&nbsp; if you look at the wealthiest communities in&nbsp; the nation highland park ranks seventh in the&nbsp;&nbsp; country where households bring in a not so stingy&nbsp; three hundred and sixty five thousand and twenty&nbsp;&nbsp; five dollars a year and don't forget about that&nbsp; last 25 bucks i'm sure it's important to them&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the smallest place of 8 500 people where&nbsp; everything looks like a million dollar mansion&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because they are million dollar mansions&nbsp; they sell ferraris and strip malls here&nbsp;&nbsp; and gun stores sell weapons that cost&nbsp; more than a lot of people's homes&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where the former governor of texas&nbsp; lives and where professional athletes have homes&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very republican and very elite the north&nbsp; dallas suburbs are the kind of place that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might get profiled if you're driving through&nbsp; in a toyota corolla okay you will get profiled&nbsp;&nbsp; here if you're in a corolla you certainly will not&nbsp; find any used car dealerships like this in these&nbsp;&nbsp; posh burbs free rose bush but hurry quantities&nbsp; limited 9.9 apr on a car 10 interest for that&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way look at the difference in loan&nbsp; rates from the 80s versus now it's crazy coming up next are chicago suburbs there's a&nbsp; lot of money in chicago no surprises there i&nbsp;&nbsp; mean it is the third most populated city in the&nbsp; country after all one particular part of chicago&nbsp;&nbsp; is the richest of the rich the communities of&nbsp; glencoe and winnetka are the eighth and ninth&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest cities in the country respectively&nbsp; households in glencoe make 358 000 annually&nbsp;&nbsp; and those in waneka make three hundred and fifty&nbsp; three thousand dollars a year that's mommy and&nbsp;&nbsp; daddy combined both are on the banks of lake&nbsp; michigan and both their villages glencoe has 8&nbsp;&nbsp; 700 people there's private golf courses all over&nbsp; this is where many chicago bears players live and&nbsp;&nbsp; many notable celebrities have homes here too some&nbsp; homes here aren't overly impressive but very fancy&nbsp;&nbsp; but then there's these monsters something like&nbsp; this would set you back 6 million smackers you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't afford it just south of glencoe's winnetka&nbsp; which is equally great wealthwise this is where&nbsp;&nbsp; ferris bueller's family lived remember that great&nbsp; movie there's 12 000 people here homes like this&nbsp;&nbsp; on average sell for 1.2 million bucks this is&nbsp; what the high school looks like in moneta a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of famous people and dignitaries attended this&nbsp; fine institution you can bet there aren't many&nbsp;&nbsp; fist fights here it's a lot of lawyers and hedge&nbsp; fund managers up here in these north chicago burbs&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the kind of place i could make some real&nbsp; money in karen mappy you get down off of there&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a family show i'm just trying to make&nbsp; some extra money the men here are really friendly&nbsp;&nbsp; okay that was weird sorry everyone but it does&nbsp; bring up a good point though there are 11 million&nbsp;&nbsp; millionaire households in america and surprisingly&nbsp; to me it's just about split between men and women&nbsp;&nbsp; about half of our nation's millionaires are&nbsp; women and half are men and it used to be that&nbsp;&nbsp; women got their millions from an inheritance&nbsp; or in divorce settlements but that's changing&nbsp;&nbsp; too women millionaires are becoming more&nbsp; self-made these days good for you ladies&nbsp;&nbsp; but not like this or maybe there's a region in&nbsp; south east ish denver that's super loaded making&nbsp;&nbsp; it the seventh most wealthy area in the country&nbsp; that would include douglas and arapahoe counties&nbsp;&nbsp; here let's use cherry hills village as an&nbsp; example this region households here in cherry&nbsp;&nbsp; hills village earn about four hundred and six&nbsp; thousand dollars a year which is just crazy is&nbsp;&nbsp; everybody in cherry hills village a damn dentist&nbsp; or something there's six thousand people here it's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of place where there's golf courses that host&nbsp; pga events and it's filled with people who likely&nbsp;&nbsp; have second homes in aspen john elway and peyton&nbsp; manning have homes here in case you care homes&nbsp;&nbsp; here average about 2.5 million each but this one&nbsp; is nearly 20 million fancy fancy super nice wow&nbsp;&nbsp; outrageous can't believe it who needs&nbsp; that who cleans this why is this necessary&nbsp;&nbsp; now the rest of the people in these denver burbs&nbsp; aren't as rich as the people in cherry hills&nbsp;&nbsp; village are but just about everybody here makes&nbsp; more than 100k that's mom and dad both making that&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of dough that's every home in both counties&nbsp; people lee press on nails in fashion colors&nbsp;&nbsp; press on color no messy polish press on color no&nbsp; drying time press on color no chipping ever i'd be&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to bet that most women in this part of the&nbsp; denver metro area don't have lee press on hills&nbsp;&nbsp; they probably have a damn nail lady that comes to&nbsp; the house but as we'll see these two regions we&nbsp;&nbsp; talked about are still nothing compared to what&nbsp; we're gonna see in a little bit there's a big&nbsp;&nbsp; region in central maryland where people are loaded&nbsp; way more than you will ever be howard county&nbsp;&nbsp; montgomery county and calvert county here all kind&nbsp; of in the middle of the state all have household&nbsp;&nbsp; incomes well above 100 000 annually but there's&nbsp; some super rich people that make way more than&nbsp;&nbsp; that there's a community here called traveler&nbsp; where households bring in 300 000 each there's&nbsp;&nbsp; about 12 000 people here this is what it looks&nbsp; like there the average home is 1.3 million dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; which at this point isn't really sticker shock&nbsp; anymore is it chevy chase potomac and bethesda are&nbsp;&nbsp; all in nearby montgomery county in all of them the&nbsp; average households bring in a quarter mill each&nbsp;&nbsp; annually but many make much much more than that&nbsp; a lot of the people who live in these communities&nbsp;&nbsp; are high paid government workers and consultants&nbsp; and contractors most of them are involved in&nbsp;&nbsp; washington dc in some way or another working for&nbsp; the government pays people apparently now let's&nbsp;&nbsp; put this into perspective so if you make 250 grand&nbsp; a year which everybody here in central maryland&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much does and you work a standard 40 hour&nbsp; week which people here probably don't that means&nbsp;&nbsp; you make 120 an hour now the average minimum wage&nbsp; in maryland is 10 and 10 cents an hour so somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; working at mcdonald's would have to work 100 hours&nbsp; a day to make what somebody in places like chevy&nbsp;&nbsp; chase does and of course you can't work 100 hours&nbsp; a day because there's only 24. even if somebody at&nbsp;&nbsp; mcdonald's worked every hour of their lives they&nbsp; would only earn about eighty thousand six hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; and forty dollars a year that's probably what a&nbsp; central maryland family pays for their mortgage&nbsp;&nbsp; but don't be jealous of how much money they're&nbsp; making up there comparison is the thief of joy of course everybody knows southern connecticut's&nbsp; loaded this is home to fairfield county&nbsp;&nbsp; home to old money and rich new york city banker&nbsp; types in darien connecticut households bring in&nbsp;&nbsp; three hundred and forty one thousand and ninety&nbsp; bucks a year don't forget that ninety dollars they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't in old greenwich they make three hundred and&nbsp; thirty six thousand a year in westport it's three&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred and five thousand and in riverside&nbsp; connecticut the average family earns a mere&nbsp;&nbsp; 290 000 stamford torrington new canaan westin&nbsp; westport wilton they're all rich here in south&nbsp;&nbsp; and west connecticut and fairfield and litchfield&nbsp; counties many have yachts and private planes and&nbsp;&nbsp; they golf a lot did you know these counties are&nbsp; 85 white okay that's kind of awkward mappy i mean&nbsp;&nbsp; that's like saying white folks are richer than&nbsp; black or hispanic folks is that true according&nbsp;&nbsp; to my data 76 of millionaires are white huh i see&nbsp; that mappy and look at that the other three major&nbsp;&nbsp; races are all close to eight percent why is that&nbsp; actually don't answer that i'll just google it this article in the washington post&nbsp; says white households are more likely to&nbsp;&nbsp; inherit money and own stocks and have pensions&nbsp; and own their own homes the reason for that is&nbsp;&nbsp; something that would take a whole nother video to&nbsp; explain number 10 what's your reason for breaking&nbsp;&nbsp; the hamburger habit at arby's you're looking&nbsp; at it a big roast beef platter with potatoes&nbsp;&nbsp; and coleslaw arby's is a big change of taste you&nbsp; know which part of the country probably doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; eat at arby's very often north central new jersey&nbsp; doesn't probably and i don't blame them because&nbsp;&nbsp; arby's is absolutely nasty nor would you likely&nbsp; find a north central new jersey family eating&nbsp;&nbsp; ravioli oh my god that stuff was so damn&nbsp; good i would eat that stuff all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; i don't care how loaded i was so there's a&nbsp; whole area here in north central new jersey&nbsp;&nbsp; in hunterdon morris and somerset counties which&nbsp; are all in the top 12 for wealthiest counties in&nbsp;&nbsp; the country which is a huge testament to the hard&nbsp; work that comes out of north central new jersey&nbsp;&nbsp; and by wealthy i mean every single household&nbsp; in each county makes about a hundred thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars everyone here's an example of a home for&nbsp; sale in hunterdon county the richest of all jersey&nbsp;&nbsp; counties this holland township home is worth 5.9&nbsp; million clams and apparently the people are so&nbsp;&nbsp; loaded that they have a fancy car in many colors&nbsp; okay so they have many more cars and just hat&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a fireplace for their car garage how&nbsp; do you decide which one to drive i don't get it&nbsp;&nbsp; and then there's short hills new jersey&nbsp; where a lot of households bring in about&nbsp;&nbsp; 350 000 every single year and that&nbsp; pokes would be enough to buy 397&nbsp;&nbsp; 727 cans of chef boyardee ravioli yum or 70 000&nbsp; corned beef rubens which is absolutely disgusting&nbsp;&nbsp; to think about how rich can you get you're&nbsp; never gonna know you've met this young boy richie rich would certainly fit right in in the&nbsp; new york city suburbs westchester county is the&nbsp;&nbsp; richest of all new york city suburbs but there's&nbsp; a lot of other wealthy pockets here as well&nbsp;&nbsp; scarsdale which is about 25 miles outside of new&nbsp; york city sees average households bringing in 452&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 and that's the average every year that's&nbsp; the second highest average salary in the nation&nbsp;&nbsp; according to bloomberg the average home here&nbsp; goes for about 1.2 million here's one for 8.7&nbsp;&nbsp; million in scarsdale look at all the fancy homes&nbsp; in scarsdale man hey this one's not that cool 2.1&nbsp;&nbsp; million for that what the what the it's not even&nbsp; that cool the list of famous people from scarsdale&nbsp;&nbsp; is long and impressive here and in the surrounding&nbsp; communities 77 percent of people own a second home&nbsp;&nbsp; 73 percent of households belong to a country&nbsp; club 69 fly first class more than half have a&nbsp;&nbsp; boat nearly half have a nanny 45 percent have a&nbsp; fancy car and 41 percent have a wine cellar and&nbsp;&nbsp; i'd be willing to bet all have maids now in nearby&nbsp; bronxville families bring in about 330k a year and&nbsp;&nbsp; in larchmont it's a paltry 324k a year greenville&nbsp; and rye also in westchester county tap in at just&nbsp;&nbsp; under 300k a year each nearby nassau county is no&nbsp; slouch either what exactly do these people do to&nbsp;&nbsp; afford such luxuries a lot of them are hedge fund&nbsp; managers doctors lawyers and real estate agents&nbsp;&nbsp; kids pay attention judge judy's from this region&nbsp; did you know she made 147 million dollars last&nbsp;&nbsp; year 147 million dollars people just to tell&nbsp; former couples who gets custody of the cats&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so here we are in our second&nbsp; wealthiest region of the country&nbsp;&nbsp; the washington dc metro area and specifically the&nbsp; virginia suburbs of d.c it's louden county fairfax&nbsp;&nbsp; county arlington county prince william county&nbsp; stafford county falls church great falls mclean&nbsp;&nbsp; they're all at the top when it comes to average&nbsp; incomes across the board but virginia's kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of different while some of the communities like&nbsp; mclean and great falls have households in the 300&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 annual income range there aren't huge&nbsp; pockets of extreme wealth like we saw in new york&nbsp;&nbsp; or in our next wealthiest region which we're&nbsp; going to get to in a minute in northern virginia&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the sheer number of fairly wealthy over a&nbsp; large area a lot of the people up here work for&nbsp;&nbsp; the government or have government contracts just&nbsp; like the wealthy folks up in central maryland do&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of people hear political elites like&nbsp; former vice presidents and secretaries of state&nbsp;&nbsp; but virginia is definitely the haves and&nbsp; have-nots while there's a ton of wealth up here&nbsp;&nbsp; most of the communities over here in appalachia&nbsp; land are struggling to get by and it's only a four&nbsp;&nbsp; hour drive away too where's the wealthiest region&nbsp; in the country the bay area is if you look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; household income levels and the cost of homes it's&nbsp; here where the richest people in our country live&nbsp;&nbsp; now home of the tech billionaires the technology&nbsp; executives famous actors and athletes this is&nbsp;&nbsp; where people with the real money live this is&nbsp; where the tech startups sell for a billion bucks&nbsp;&nbsp; it's here where google lawyers and facebook ad&nbsp; executives and user experience lead engineers live&nbsp;&nbsp; people that run all the social media companies&nbsp; and all the search engines and all the hardware&nbsp;&nbsp; you spend all day on live here and a lot of the&nbsp; people that live here not only have a lot of money&nbsp;&nbsp; they have a lot of power too now keep in mind&nbsp; that this is the most expensive place to live&nbsp;&nbsp; in the nation too so of course income levels&nbsp; are going to keep up with the cost of living&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's not uncommon for a married couple here to&nbsp; bring in a half million bucks in combined income&nbsp;&nbsp; just working from home the richest parts of the&nbsp; bay area are places like santa clara san mateo&nbsp;&nbsp; and marin counties atherton ranks as the richest&nbsp; city in the country where the average income is&nbsp;&nbsp; 525 000 per household the average value of an&nbsp; atherton home costs a staggering 6.4 million&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars look at this three of the top five&nbsp; richest cities or towns in america are all right&nbsp;&nbsp; here in the bay area so if you truly want to know&nbsp; where the rich and powerful live in this country&nbsp;&nbsp; it isn't new york or washington dc anymore it's&nbsp; san francisco so that's it we're the most wealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; well-heeled prosperous successful and financially&nbsp; elite live in america they're rich many have some&nbsp;&nbsp; power i'm sure they have a lot of fun spending&nbsp; all their money but you know what they all loved&nbsp;&nbsp; chef boyardee out of the can growing up no one&nbsp; is too good for that i don't care what they say&nbsp;&nbsp; hey guys if you learned something new about&nbsp; america or what it's like to live in america&nbsp;&nbsp; great you should think about subscribing and&nbsp; turning on your notifications you can also click&nbsp;&nbsp; one of these videos or playlists for more you can&nbsp; also now buy my songs on itunes and other formats&nbsp;&nbsp; click the link in the description thanks for&nbsp; watching and remember while we all might have&nbsp;&nbsp; different views we should all be nice to each&nbsp; other and try to make the u.s a better place&nbsp;&nbsp; in a positive way this is sage nyx manager this&nbsp; has been a corner house entertainment production

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielgreen1557 [2 likes]: He was not wrong about the Vice Presidents living in NOVA. I went to Yorktown high school in Arlington, Virginia (used to be a part of DC). mikes pence's daughters also went there.
  2. @bradleyvanzile1111 [1 likes]: Nice houses but the land is terrible not very scenic!!  There is much more to life than money!!
  3. @Mustlehard [1 likes]: I live in Fairfax county and did pest control all over the northern Virginia area. I got used to seeing crazy homes
  4. @philly799 [1 likes]: Remember, when the middle income drops while the upper income goes up, that means people in the middle are achieving upper income status. This isn't a bad thing. Good for them. Now the question is, how do the lower income people improve their situation? Man, that's a complicated question.
  5. @qiwlz1182 [1 likes]: I live in Great Falls VA. Love it here
  6. @NewHaven203: Greenwich, Connecticut is insanely wealthy! I’m actually going there Saturday for a car show full of million dollar supercars
  7. @federicowicho8802: Onlyfans and social media is the only reason there are more female millionaires unfortunately selling their souls
  8. @UCbTfyv8QXhR_xU4FycU4nwg: Why is Los Alamos is the only New Mexico city and county made over $100,000 a year when New Mexico is the poorest state.
  9. @KevinD20: I’m surprised that the Boston suburbs didn’t make this list
  10. @dtna: Is there a reason why you didn't mention Bel Air, the Holmby Hills or Palos Verdes in CA?
  11. @maddywendall2980: Odd I've lived in Boston, CT, NYC and LA and IF in California. Boston or LA andcOC not on list? But Chicago( my brother lives in Lake Forest) and Dallas compared to the othets??!! Come on.
  12. @Kenneth-fg4tc: Please REPENT Our LORD JESUS CHRIST Is Coming Soon
  13. @JhonnyBoi: Central Maryland and Northern Virginia are the same area. You didn’t have to break them into 2 segments.
  14. @MA-lb8dq: What about Beverly Hills?
  15. @Hndjdj400: 10. Somewhere in New Mexico
9. Dallas suburbs like highland park, Southlake, Frisco blah blah, Texas 
8. Chicago suburbs like glencoe, Winnetka, Illinois
7. South east Denver, cherry hills village, douglas county, Colorado
6. Central Maryland, Maryland
5. Southern Connecticut, Connecticut
4. North central nj, New Jersey
3. Ny suburbs, New York
2. NOVA, Virginia
1. The Bay area, California
  16. @frankfranko9023: Here on Mars 👽we don’t used $money👽
  17. @angel_machariel: Who are you catering to for being anticaucasian? It's not the first time you gaslight.
  18. @mikerock8177: I wish they never got rid of the new Dallas TV show it ended way too soon
  19. @nicbanning2182: Also the gold coast neighborhood of Chicago.
  20. @nicbanning2182: One of the richest places.

- How America Became the Wealthiest Nation on Earth: Kind: captions Language: en what makes a nation wealthy is it an abundance of Natural Resources a stroke of geographical luck or perhaps a spirit of innovation and the tireless pursuit of progress the story of America a nation that Rose from humble beginnings to become an economic Titan offers a compelling answer it's a story woven from many threads natural Bounty strategic location technological prowess and the unwavering resolve of its people America's journey to becoming the world's wealthiest nation is a testament to the power of human Ingenuity and collaboration from the vast plains of the Midwest to the bustling cities of the coasts America has consistently pushed the boundaries of what's possible this Relentless pursuit of progress fueled by a unique blend of resources and innovation has positioned America as a global economic leader the tale of America's economic Ascent is not without its complexities it's a story of triumphs and setbacks of challenges overcome and opportunities seized yet through it all one constant Remains the unwavering belief in the American dream the idea that anyone regardless of their background can achieve Success Through hard work and determination but how did this nation of dreamers and doers carve its path to Prosperity what were the pivotal moments the game-changing Innovations and the defining characteristics that propelled America to the Forefront of the global stage let's delve into the heart of this captivating narrative and uncover the forces that shaped America's extraordinary economic Journey America's journey to wealth began with a solid foundation an abundance of natural resources from fertile lands that stretched as far as the eye could see to Rich deposits of coal iron ore and oil the land itself seemed to promise prosperity these resources provided the raw materials that fueled early industries from agriculture to manufacturing laying the groundwork for future economic expansion however resources alone do not guarantee wealth it was the spirit of innovation the Relentless pursuit of new and better ways of doing things that truly ignited America's economic engine from the cotton gin which revolutionized cotton production to the assembly line which transformed Manufacturing American inventors and entrepreneurs constantly sought ways to improve efficiency and productivity this Spirit of innovation wasn't confined to workshops and factories it permeated every aspect of American life from agriculture to Transportation the development of new farming techniques and Machinery led to increased agricultural output while the expansion of railroads connected distant markets facilitating trade and economic growth on an unprecedented scale the combination of abundant resources and a culture of innovation created a fertile ground for economic growth America was no longer just a land of opportunity it was becoming a land of invention a place where dreams took shape and possibilities became realities America's geographical blessings extend far beyond its abundant natural resources its strategic location nestled between two vast oceans provided a natural Advantage for trade and commerce with access to both the Atlantic and Pacific America was positioned to become a global trading Hub connecting with markets in Europe Asia and Beyond furthermore the vastness of the American landscape stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific fostered a spirit of self-reliance and entrepreneurialism the challenges of settling and connecting this vast territory spurred innovation in transportation communication and infrastructure the development of canal railroads and later highways created a vast interconnected Network that facilitated the movement of goods people and ideas this interconnectedness fueled economic growth by opening up new markets promoting specialization and fostering competition America's geography also played a role in shaping its political and social landscape the absence of rigid social hierarchies and the availability of land created a more egalitarian Society compared to many European countries attracting immigrants seeking a better life this influx of people with their diverse skills and perspectives would further contribute to America's economic vitality

- Top 10 RICHEST States in America 2025 💰 | The Wealthiest States Ranked!: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered which states are the financial powerhouses of America? You know, the places where the grass is greener because it's fertilized with cash. Well, buckle up because today we're diving into the top 10 richest states that are practically swimming in dough. And no, we're not just talking about the I found a penny kind of money. This is the I bought a yacht and named it after my cat kind of wealth. Welcome back to our channel where we explore the quirky, the funny, and the downright fascinating aspects of life in the United States. Today, we're breaking down the 10 richest states in America. Why? Because knowing where the money is can help us understand the economy, and honestly, it gives us some serious travel goals. Let's find out where the money is flowing and maybe pick up a few tips on how to snag a slice of that cash pie. First up, we have California, the golden state, home to tech giants, Hollywood stars, and avocado toast that costs more than your car. California boasts a GDP larger than many countries. In fact, if California were its own nation, it would be the fifth largest economy in the world. That's right, folks. While we're here saving our pennies, California is out there making billion-dollar deals and inventing the next big app to help us find our lost socks. With its diverse economy ranging from entertainment to technology to agriculture, California is like a buffet of riches. But let's not forget the cost of living. If you're thinking of moving here, make sure to bring your bank account and possibly your parents' bank account as well. I love California. Where else can I pitch my startup idea to a billionaire while sipping a $7 almond milk latte? But I swear if I have to pay one more five bucks for a single avocado, I might just start my own avocado farm. And speaking of avocados, California is the largest producer of them in the United States. So while the rich are enjoying their toast, the farmers are out there working hard. But let's not forget California also has its fair share of challenges. Wildfires, earthquakes, and yes, the traffic. Oh, the traffic. Next on our list is New York. The Empire State, the land of Wall Street, Broadway, and enough pizza places to make your head spin. New York is not just a state, it's a lifestyle. With its financial district that generates trillions of dollars, it's no wonder this state is rich. But let's be real, New Yorkers are just as likely to argue over the best bagel as they are to discuss hedge funds. But it's not all glitz and glam. New York has its struggles, too. The wealth gap is stark, and while some are sipping champagne in pen houses, others are just trying to find a decent place to live. Let's meet Sarah, a struggling actress trying to make it big in the Big [Music] Apple. I love New York, but sometimes I feel like I'm living in a closet. If I had a dollar for every audition I went on, I'd finally be able to afford a one-bedroom apartment and a decent bagel. New York's economy thrives on its diverse industries, from finance to fashion to tech. But with great wealth comes great responsibility. The state is continually grappling with issues like housing affordability and education funding. So, while it's the place where dreams are made, it's also a reminder that the hustle is real. Yeehaw! It's Texas time. With its booming oil industry and tech startups, Texas is like a financial rodeo. Everything is bigger in Texas, including their bank accounts. The Lonear State is home to a diverse economy that includes agriculture, technology, and energy. Just remember, in Texas, it's not just about how much money you have, but also how big your hat is. I love Texas. There's nothing like the wide open spaces and good old country living. But let me tell you, the price of hay is through the roof. If I could just figure out how to sell my cows for a million dollars each, I'd be set. Texas showcases a unique blend of industries. From its historic cattle ranches to modern tech hubs in cities like Austin. Yet, it's the people like Bob who embody the spirit of Texas. A mix of hard work, pride, and a dash of humor. Coming in hot at number four is Massachusetts. Home to Harvard, MIT, and a whole lot of history. This state is rich in both brain power and cash flow. With a booming tech sector and a world-class education system, Massachusetts is a stronghold of innovation. But don't be fooled by the ivy covered walls. The competition here is fierce. Massachusetts thrives on its education and health care sectors. But with great wealth comes the challenge of maintaining affordability in housing and living costs. It's a state where intellect meets opportunity. But that doesn't mean the struggle isn't real. Next up is Washington State, where tech giants like Amazon and Microsoft call home. With its breathtaking landscapes and booming economy, Washington is like a treasure chest overflowing with riches. But let's be honest, everyone here is just trying to figure out how to stay dry when it rains 300 days a year. Living in Seattle is amazing, but if I have to pay another five bucks for a cup of coffee, I might just start brewing my own at home. And speaking of homes, let's talk about housing prices. Yikes. Washington's economy is driven by technology, aerospace, and agriculture. But the growing cost of living poses challenges for many residents. It's a place where innovation thrives, but so does the pursuit of affordable housing. Sliding into sixth place is New Jersey. Known as the garden state, New Jersey is not just about tomatoes and corn. It's a financial powerhouse, too. With its close proximity to New York City and Philadelphia, New Jersey is a hub for finance, pharmaceuticals, and logistics. But let's be real, it's also the state where you can find the best diners in the country. I love running my diner, but if I had a dollar for every time someone asked for a side of bacon with their pancakes, I'd be a millionaire. But seriously, New Jersey has its challenges. The cost of running a business here is tough. But I wouldn't trade my regulars for anything. New Jerseys economy is built on a diverse array of industries, from finance to agriculture and even technology. But with its high taxes and cost of living, many residents like Maria are navigating their way through the financial maze. Yet, the spirit of entrepreneurship runs deep here, making it a unique blend of hustle and heart. Next on our list is Illinois. Famously known as the land of Lincoln, Chicago, its largest city, is a financial and cultural hub, boasting a diverse economy that includes finance, manufacturing, and agriculture. But don't let the deep dish pizza fool you. Illinois has its fair share of economic ups and downs. Illinois showcases a robust economy, but it's also grappling with issues like debt and budget deficits. The hardworking individuals like Tom strive to balance their ambitions with the realities of the economic landscape, reminding us that every dollar tells a story. Coming in at number eight is Florida, the Sunshine State. With its tourism-driven economy and no state income tax, it's a magnet for retirees, tourists, and entrepreneurs alike. But let's be real, Florida is also the land of alligators, theme parks, and some of the wildest news stories you'll ever read. Florida's economy thrives on tourism, agriculture, and aerospace. However, the state also faces challenges like environmental issues and the need for sustainable growth. It's a place where the sun shines bright, but the future must be navigated carefully. Next up is Virginia, the Old Dominion State. With a strong economy fueled by government contracting, technology, and agriculture, Virginia is a financial powerhouse with a rich history. It's the perfect blend of oldworld charm and modern innovation. Virginia benefits from its proximity to Washington DC, making it a hub for government related industries. However, the state is also addressing issues like transportation and education. It's a place where history meets opportunity and the future is bright. Finally, we have Maryland, the free state, which rounds out our list of the richest states. With a strong economy driven by biotechnology, healthcare, and government contracts, Maryland stands out as a financial gem. Plus, who doesn't love crabs, and Old Bay seasoning? Maryland's economy is diverse, but like many other states, it faces challenges such as housing affordability and educational funding. It's a state where innovation meets tradition, creating a dynamic landscape for its residents. As we've seen today, the richest states in America are not just about bank accounts and fancy cars. They're about the people, the quirks, and the challenges that come with wealth. From California's tech titans to New York's financial mogul, Texas's oil barons and the innovators in Maryland, each state has its own story to tell. So whether you're planning a road trip or just curious about where the money is flowing, remember behind every dollar is a tale of hard work, creativity, and sometimes a little bit of luck. If you enjoyed this financial adventure, don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit that notification bell. and let us know in the comments which state you think should top the wealth charts.

- Why is America so Rich: Kind: captions Language: en oh america the land of the free and home of the rich how did the u.s amass such a sturdy wealth to become the world's largest economy by nominal gdp and net wealth some say the u.s wealth is a result of being the oldest free market or the most international currency or because it has such a mixed economy does this play a part or do americans work harder have more military spending or pay less tax perhaps it's the fact the us is the largest importer and the second largest exporter or is it because of democracy or because they have the second largest ppp aka purchasing power parity there are endless options to choose from and even more right answers but in this video we hone in to some of the novelties that makes the usa so rich number one natural resources first things first the usa is playing with a full hand that's for sure they have the seventh highest total estimated value of natural resources as of a 2015 estimate this was valued at 45 trillion dollars one of the greatest resources is energy producing oil and gas reserves making the usa energy independent on top of this advantage of not relying on anyone else's pricey fuel they're the largest producers of petroleum and natural gas and therein lies a cha-ching where other countries nationalize natural resources america allows private ownership of land and mineral rights this has helped rapid development of fracking to access these natural resources we aren't going to get into the politics of ancestral land rights or the environmental impact that's an entirely different topic on its own this video just points out some of the ways america got so rich number two war is big business war is one of the oldest businesses of all times since caveman ron opened up his first skull clubbering chain store people have been making money from the art of war and nothing could be truer than for the usa the u.s department of defense is the largest employer in the world with 3.2 million employees as of 2015. so that adds a lot of employed consumers to the country with salaries to pay taxes from and to spend then there's the task of uniforms equipment housing transport catering and communication for this massive workforce all of this creates business opportunities aside from the u.s forces early on the u.s government got into the international war loan business realizing that war is expensive the american government made loans available to european states since the first world war as the european states weakened the american economy was bolstered with new business in the lone game the second world war offered even more opportunity to the us and because their country's infrastructure was uniquely protected from the devastation of war by the atlantic between them and europe they retained their industry and infrastructure when european nations had to rebuild if you'd like to know some more about this we recommend listening to arthur herman's freedom forge how american business built the arsenal of democracy that won world war ii you can get a free listen from our friends at audible by going to aluxfreebook.com number three unhindered labor markets the us has excellent ease of access between workers and joys they don't have restrictive labor regulations or state-owned enterprises that make the process of job-seeking difficult they also don't have a lot of large trade unions that make staffing complicated and might put off company setting up an industry in the country this in turn keeps employers in the country which adds to the economy while the lack of unions does have effects on working conditions that can negatively affect workers those problems are still brought into the public space and are improving slowly as consumers drag corporations online and stage boycotts for poor labor practices and hey luxers don't forget to click subscribe at any time not to miss any of our daily videos number four a system that encourages entrepreneurs america has long been described as the land of opportunity and while that may or may not be true it does encourage people to take any opportunity they see and make a business of it fostering an entrepreneurial culture is central to american economic growth there are no penalties or stigmas around trying and failing in business in u.s culture endless american success stories in the tech energy fashion and entertainment industries all prove this of course though it takes money to make money and the united states financial system is set up to assist entrepreneurs in this way the u.s equity finance system is more developed than other countries and their decentralized banking system lends to helping entrepreneurs at a local level the country boasts more than 7 000 individual small banks as well as having angel investors and venture capitalists with an appetite to invest in new ideas and if you want to know which other countries give an edge to business be sure to check out our video the 10 best countries to start a business number five working culture despite excellent resources and other forms of income you'd be surprised to know that 50 of the us gdp comes from income tax a working population is important to keeping the country rich america has a culture of hard work and long hours in germany the average person works 1400 hours a year where in the u.s this figure is more like 1800 hours annually yes some asian countries boast over 2 200 hours a year you might say but 1800ish is pretty high the u.s tax transfer system also encourages increased earnings instead of penalizing it which is a big incentive for many in the per capita wealth grew by 13 a lot of this is owed to the fact that wealthy americans saved their tax cuts of the oecd member state american citizens have the highest average households and employee income they rank ahead of switzerland and japan but in terms of wealth equity they are not top of class number six invention innovation and scientific research the u.s doesn't mess around when it comes to its world-class research universities these lend to scientific breakthroughs tech startups and innovation that all lead to new business holding patents and licensing for new technology is also a great way to bring in the bacon there's a large overlap between universities and businesses which attracts top talent from around the world and the us knows how to leverage this talent for their gain number seven internal competition for business fostering competition on home soil is a large part of what keeps the us so wealthy the decentralized political system encourages states to compete for investment from business and property owners this competition drives states to set their own taxation and laws that work to attract business and residents while protecting their resources and citizens as required some states offer no income tax or limit unions with their labor laws others offer quality education and low fees for in-state students at local universities this decentralized is unique amongst developed nations but it's an integral part to how the us remains wealthy number eight manufacturing and services with all the business it drums up and the employment it creates the us has a huge population of consumers although there's a large discrepancy between the mega-rich and the low-income earners today we're discussing the effect this general consumer power has toward making the u.s so rich before exporting a single item the u.s has the largest internal market for goods and services trade in 2018 combined u.s trade totaled 4.2 trillion dollars what's more remarkable for a western nation is that they're the second largest manufacturer in the world so plenty of the goods consumed are us brands the u.s manufactures a fifth of the global manufacturing output all right alexers with that said it is impossible to cover everything in one video so let us know down in the comments what you believe is the us's greatest economic advantage we can't wait for you to join the conversation now you stuck with us until the end of course you're getting a bonus does democracy play a part the u.s changes leadership between the democrats and the republicans every four to eight years adam davidson's article in the new yorker explains that the democrats promised to ensure the economic growth advantages everyone not just the rich while the republicans believe that only they hold the key for economic growth the truth is they both play a part it's the very fact they have a healthy democratic system that changes powers every few years that drives the consistent growth what matters more than whether trump or obama is in power is general political stability democratic rule of law and a civil-led military with a bit of freedom of speech and movement thrown around for good measure neither party alone has the magic formula to build a superpower in fact it's what they have in common that's brought in all those dollars thanks for watching alexers we always appreciate your likes and of course remember to click subscribe for more videos every day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [23 likes]: Hello Aluxers! Aluxers, what you believe is the U.S.’s greatest economic advantage?

Video Notes: https://www.alux.com/america-rich/

Have a look at our premium courses: https://courses.alux.com
GOAL Mastery: https://www.alux.com/goals

Get a free audiobook thanks to Audible: https://www.aluxfreebook.com/

Thanks to our friends at Audible!
Disclaimer: signing up for Audible will result in financial compensation towards Alux Inc at no additional cost to you, the consumer.
15 Business Advice We Wish We Got When We Started: https://youtu.be/XIHkF6wW7Ow
  2. @stussymishka [2 likes]: There are a thousand reasons but it all boils down to one: USA has the absolute best GEOGRAPHY. these lands are simply blessed.
  3. @leslieasiedu7047: God bless America, baby
  4. @Goatthemoneyboi: They have big gun's and nukes nothing special
  5. @demetriuscarter8197: If you wanna get rich in a capitalist country, then you must study its roots.
  6. @tjbjjtkd: THE TRANSATLATIC SLAVE TRADE !!!   That is why America is so rich!   Free labor for 400 years.   The US was the major export of cotton.   80% of the worlds cotton came from slave labor.   The capital gained funded our financial institutions and laid the foundation down to the stock market, which also funded the industrial revolution!
  7. @sharadjain2463: Petrodollar is big reason
  8. @Prashant-e6d5l: Agriculture
  9. @Doingxwellxthanks: Our justice system is fair and effective (comparatively speaking) which is crucial to a long lasting and thriving economy.
  10. @tracythomas2777: AMERICA IS RICH BECAUSE THEY SUPPORT AND HELP ISAREL. GOD SAID IN HIS WORD,  Numbers 24:9

 The nation is like a mighty lion;
When it is sleeping, no one dares wake it.
Whoever blesses Israel will be blessed,
And whoever curses Israel will be cursed.”
  11. @baonguyen-ct6nj: Now this is just plain lying and propaganda.
  12. @swishreels-o9g: i think sports also play a big part in the us income
  13. @PrafulKove-bl1nq: Self depend people jyada hai government pe nirbhar nahi hai yahi reason hai
  14. @russellarmer-ml1ir: us has an abundance diverse package  natural resources
  15. @sterjexiii2416: USA is a great nation for business, yesterday!
  16. @hilwaamanamankiyar-pp5bf: HZ
  17. @jukieboy2759: “Mystery Babylon the Great”
  18. @antomangesa6340: As indonesian, i love USA.
  19. @DavidK-nj1md: Union busting only makes certain people rich. It means Jeff Bezos is rich, while their everyday workers suffer
  20. @SunilKumar-jn6kk: Thanks

- Top 10 Wealthiest Places in the US. (Richest): Kind: captions Language: en do you know what the wealthiest counties in the united states are i've gotten a lot of requests about county videos people want to see things about counties i talk about states cities and towns but never counties so here we are we're going to start off with the wealthiest counties in the united states we'll do other videos about other subjects but i thought this would be a fun one to start with this video is just the counties with the highest median household income according to the latest american survey from the u.s census bureau that's as of june 2022 right now here in 2022 the nation's median household income is right about 65 000. the median household income in these counties on this list are about double that that normally means they have a bunch of very wealthy households in that county you need quite a few millionaires to double that number so today's video is just about places most of us can't afford i think you'll be surprised which state has the most before we get going leave a comment tell me which state you think is gonna have the most wealthy counties in the top ten all right got it get it good let's take a look number 10 nassau county new york nassau county is on long island between queens and suffolk county this little patch of long island has around 30 golf courses and only eight of them are open to the public the rest are country clubs and unless you're wealthy or named fletch you ain't getting in if you want to buy a home here you probably should be expecting to pay over 550 000 the nicer ones minimum they're gonna be like seven eight hundred thousand and they have a lot of homes that are two and three and four million dollars if you find anything let's say under four hundred thousand you're probably gonna have to pull up the carpet because it's still got a chalk outline on it the median household income in nassau county is one hundred and twenty thousand thirty six dollars number nine douglas county colorado douglas county colorado is where a lot of rich people live and the real estate kind of shows it if you want to buy a house here and it's not like a condo or town home or something like that 90 of them are gonna be over 750 000 with a whole bunch of them being in the three four and five million dollar range douglas county is south of denver between denver and colorado springs it's got towns like parker highland ranch castle rock and castle pines their real estate gets a little crazy in this whole county i mean in most places most the decent places to live minimum you're going to have to pay about 700 000 for a home you might be able to find condos and townhomes that are a little bit cheaper but if you want something decent and you want something fairly new it's going to start off around 700 000 and work its way up into the millions i would say a majority of the decent homes just by eyeballing it from zillow and stuff are about 750 000 to about hundred thousand that's where you're going to find a bulk of the home prices if you ever do decide to move here or anywhere in colorado and you're coming from california i've said this before but when someone asks you where you're moving from it is actually better to say you're just getting out of prison than california they'll accept the prison thing a little bit better than they'll accept california the median household income in douglas county colorado is 121 number eight marin county california for the longest time marin county was considered to be the most expensive place to live on the west coast sometimes you hear that it's the most expensive place in the country but for the most part it was the most expensive place to live back in the 90s 2000s maybe even the 2010s since then there's been some other places that have stepped up even back in the 90s i questioned that because you have places like bel air california beverly hills that are just crazy expensive if you want to buy some property marin county let's say in tiburon or mill valley sausalito manzanita all these places are great places to live the houses are a little bit on top of each other you're not gonna really be getting two three acres here at a minimum for a single family home you're looking at 1.2 million dollars i would say about half the homes for sale right now in marin county are in between two and five million dollars with some of them getting up into the 10 in 15 million area a lot of famous people are from here lived here or currently live in marin county sean penn the late robin williams huey lewis george lucas has a huge place here governor gavin newsom director david fincher john doe if you don't know who he is he was the lead guitarist for the punk band x back in the 80s great band pete carroll lives there who's a nfl football coach and then too many nfl players and major league baseball players from the 49ers and the giants to name the median household income in marin county california is 121 671 i think a lot of that is brought down in price because when you have a prison in your county or your town or whatever their stats get mixed in san quentin is in marin county it's right on the beach too so if you can't afford a house there and you really want to live there commit a felony in california it's got to be a pretty bad one because they only send the worst of the worst to san quentin that or pelican bay yeah number seven arlington county virginia arlington county virginia is right across the potomac river from washington dc a good majority of the people that live here have something to do with the federal government in most cases they're kind of high up there in the rankings or they're a lobbyist that just has money falling out of their pockets this is where most people that make above like 60 grand in washington moved to nobody making good money in washington wants to actually live in washington unless they have to arlington county virginia is home to the pentagon reagan national airport and arlington national cemetery also got george mason university marymount university it's also the future home and co-headquarters of amazon now before anyone mentions this virginia's not a state it's a commonwealth now arlington county is kind of weird let me read what it says on their website arlington county is considered to be the second largest principal city of the washington dc metropolitan area although arlington county does not have a legal designation or independent city or incorporated town under virginia law so it's kind of weird how it's set up but for the purposes of this video we're calling it a county just like all the other ones if you want to buy a home in arlington county virginia it's expensive just a single family home if you could find one that is under 800 000 it's a shocker and it's probably a little run down you can find plenty of condos and town homes for around 450 to 700 000 but most homes here are going to be really close to a million bucks on up they have some homes here i was kind of looking around on zillow that are older homes that are really nice don't get me wrong they're really nice going for 2.5 million dollars if that home was in the middle of kansas or wisconsin or something like that you could probably get it for under 500 thousand the median household income in arlington county virginia is one hundred and twenty two thousand six hundred and four dollars annually number six howard county maryland howard county is just west of baltimore and it is part of the washington baltimore arlington combined statistical area it's not a metro area it's a combined statistical area what's the difference i don't know and i don't think it's really important but i'm sure some government nerds gonna jump in the comment section and tell me where i'm wrong but i did look it up in a nutshell it just basically means overlapping metro areas in 2016 howard county was the second highest county in terms of median household income back then it was 120 000 and it hasn't grown that much that's probably why they're at number six oddly in this county you can find some affordable homes they have a bunch that are under 300 000 that are livable they're decent they have some really nice ones that are in the 500 to 600 000 area but they also have a whole bunch that are well over a million dollars you can get a condo here nice one for about 250 000 which compared to the other places on this list that's outstanding the median household income in howard county and 2022 is one hundred twenty four thousand forty two dollars annually number five fairfax county virginia back to virginia we go and again this is part of the dc metropolitan area fairfax county again is right across the potomac river from washington it surrounds arlington and alexandria virginia and it's pretty good size this is another one where a lot of government bigwigs call home fairfax county has some beautiful homes and you can find prices all over the map depending on where you go this is a big place you could find homes for as low as 350 000 on up to 4 million most the really nice ones are going to go for somewhere around 750 000 to a million dollars this is one of the more beautiful areas to live in virginia actually pretty much the whole country some of these neighborhoods here are just amazing type of neighborhoods you really only see in movies the median household income in fairfax county is 866 dollars annually number four san mateo county california back to the other side of the country we go and the golden state california san mateo county is just south of san francisco which is a city and its own county it's also got part of the north end of what's called silicon valley this county has some towns you've probably heard of daly city san bruno half moon bay menlo park redwood city city of san mateo and it's also where you'll find the san francisco international airport this is where all the high-end tech workers live and it's one of the first places people talk about when they say prices have gone up too much on real estate and everything else because of those tech workers the home prices here are ridiculous there's a new construction there right now seven bedrooms 13 baths it's going for 64 million dollars most the homes here are around five to eight million dollars with the occasional one that pops up over like 15 million matter of fact i'm looking right now on just on zillow and there is a whole bunch that are like 12 million 5 million 8 million 8 million 16 million and these are like in the city this isn't like out on the beach on a cliff overlooking the pacific ocean no this is in traffic like right outside your door 29 million dollars for one five bedroom eight bath ridiculous no wonder people complain about the prices in san mateo county the median household income in san mateo county is one hundred twenty eight thousand ninety one dollars a year number three santa clara county california right next door we got santa clara county santa clara includes the rest of silicon valley san jose this town of santa clara where levi's stadium is where the 49ers play cupertino's in here a whole bunch of really sunnyvale all those places you hear about when someone's ranting a raven about the dot-com people these are all the words you hear at the typical starbucks there startup valuation sunnyvale cupertino facebook i make 300 000 and i can't afford rent if you want to buy a home in santa clara county it's a lot more reasonable than san mateo i mean sort of you can find homes here for under 750 000. they're few and far between it's like looking at where's waldo book on zillow they don't have many of the crazy expensive like those 64 million and 25 million but most i'd say about 80 percent of the homes here are over a million dollars with about sixty percent of them being over two million dollars and what sucks about this those homes aren't anything special they're normal suburban homes like your neighbors right there you have a backyard you have a front yard you maybe have two bathrooms and three bedrooms your house was built in 1970 and your grass is dead because california's in the middle of a drought that's been going on for like 100 years the median household income in santa clara county is 130 890 dollars a year number two falls church virginia back to virginia we go and falls church anyone from the area that doesn't know the technicalities of this one is gonna say that's just a town it is it's its own town it's an independent town not in a county it used to be part of fairfax county until 1948. like san francisco it's its own city and its own county but for statistical purposes the u.s department of commerce the bureau of economic analysis combines the city of falls church with fairfax city and fairfax county that's just to make the paperwork easier i guess falls church is the smallest incorporated municipality in the commonwealth of virginia and the smallest county equivalent municipality in the united states falls church isn't that big but they've got a ton of places for sale right now condominiums start off around 300 000 and work their way up but if you want a single family home you could find older decent ones for about six hundred and fifty thousand dollars now they go all the way up way up over two million dollars but a majority of them are going to stay under a million dollars i'd say at least that's right now and what's for sale right now now that is expensive but compared to some of the other places on this list that's not terrible the median household income in falls church virginia is 146 922 according to the u.s census bureau all right before we get to number one don't forget we have another channel called on this day there's a link down below also if you have time at the end of this video there's suggested videos youtube's really focusing on that right now and if you've got time watch another one really helps out all right on to number one and number one loudoun county virginia back to northern virginia we go and the exciting county of loudoun loudon is probably one of the best choices to live if you got to live in northern virginia loudoun county is just north of fairfax county and it's right near one of the coolest towns in west virginia harper's very the north side of loudoun county is where the potomac river and the shenandoah river meet at harpers very louden county is home to dulles international airport well there's a small sliver of dulles that is actually in fairfax county normally they'd move it around so it's all in one county but no they're doing it different here now loudoun county has really nice homes in a really nice area but the cool thing is their homes on average the selling price not median the average selling price is almost a hundred thousand dollars less than it is in fairfax county and they're right next to each other fairfax county the average home sells for about 960 thousand dollars where in loudoun county it's about eight hundred and seventy thousand you can find plenty of nice homes in this county for under six hundred thousand you can still find some that are in the 450 area as well sure they do have the typical ones that go well over two million dollars but a majority of them you're gonna find out will be around 700 to about 500 000 they got a ton of homes for sale right now townhomes will go for around five to three hundred thousand that goes for condos too but a single family home it's probably gonna be over six hundred thousand at a minimum median household income in loudoun county is one hundred forty seven thousand one hundred and eleven dollars annually all right that's today's video hope you guys enjoyed it hope you got some information out of it now go out have a great day and be nice to each other

  Top Comments:
  1. @DianaLafleur-c3z [1 likes]: My aunt bought a house in Berkeley CA for 18,000.00 in 1969 , it is appraising for a million dollars now, a two bedroom one bath very small 🌹⚜️🐊🦐
  2. @allaboutVietnamUSA [1 likes]: Yes move to Asia 🌏 Vietnam
  3. @Alexandria.Washington [1 likes]: First home owners in Loudoun County Virginia early 90s.
  4. @bjdon99: The almost unique local government set-up in Virginia (the only other state set up with the County being the main/only level of local government is Hawaii) sometimes causes it to be lost in ‘best places’ list. Places that are called cities, well-known ones like Ashburn or Reston or Tysons are actually just “Census Designated Places.” They have no local government below the county level. If you are a city in VA you can’t be in a county. And most of Northenr VA is only county-land. They use post offices to name a ‘city, but it isn’t one.
  5. @TIPPInc: If I had to guess off the top of my head, Beverly Hills and communities on the East Coast in the New England area.
  6. @paulorr9262: Government jobs and all that goes with it pays for it all.
  7. @robertwatson3962: maryland
  8. @MCC1591: You missed Orange County California
  9. @MalissaWedekind: USA why is it that Wa. Dc is so invaded from Space ships its  the Frame of mind of those who can recreate a America and really know Washington Dc vs Wa,Va. Bad lands and plntn.lands! Swamplands!etc..... 😊😅😮 Bad Americans!!!!! Tina Turner is a oldie!!!!😊😅
  10. @MalissaWedekind: U.S.A. The Biggest Statues of Eastcoast!!😊
  11. @MalissaWedekind: USA Jack Ass!! Recruit our USA citizens for a Democratic gener.!!!Dictation nation 2thms dwn.!!!!
  12. @CorporateblkGuy: DC metro area
  13. @kevinspann7204: 🔥
  14. @GemmaMR818: I have not seen a home in Massachusetts under 7. A condo yes but everything about here is expensive. Homes Boston $1.5- Tom Brady Chestnut Hill 40 million. I’m aware plenty places US have towns expensive. The majority houses in the state are close to a million, it’s clean, education, universities. Trust me not bragging nickname taxachusetts.  We just had second highest rents country. Feels like it always slides under radar
  15. @joeyharper4976: Out of State-ers need to stop bringing their BS along with them.
  16. @arupian666: Hmmm.... a little inaccuracy here... You SAY "median income", the graphic shows "avg income" 2 completely different things....
  17. @dangreene3895: Five out of the top ten around Washington DC , does that tell anyone anything , wake up America
  18. @williammoran4898: Counties my state won't make it in , but if you did cities I'm fairly sure mountain Brook would be in the mix.
  19. @deanchapman1824: Fairfield County CT???
  20. @WHBLIFE: Isn’t Teton County the wealthiest

- Who are the wealthiest people in the U.S.?: Kind: captions Language: en Forbes is out this morning with its 32nd annual list of the 400 wealthiest Americans and this year the Richer getting richer Louisa croll is the Magazine's wealth editor and only on CBS This Morning she's here with a look at who made the cut Louisa good morning to you good morning you know it's something when a billion isn't isn't a billion anymore you got to make more than that so I want to know how much you have to make and who are these people where do they come from where do they live how are they educated what do they look like well first of all you need to have $1.3 billion so there were 61 billionaires that weren't even Rich enough to make the Forbes 400 this year and uh that's back to the high before the financial crisis and uh perhaps no huge surprise to most folks the average Forbes 400 member is a white male who's about 66 years old a lot of these people live in either California or New York after that it's Texas you know one interesting thing that I was surprised about is we actually looked at you know where um immigrants came from and we found that approximately 1 in 10 of the Forbes 400 members are born outside of the US and what did you learn about in terms of the male female breakdown there are more women now on the list this year right yes there are 48 women but um and that's three more than last year but that's not much news because almost all of them have inherited their fortunes there are only seven that are self-made um one interesting factoid though is that um one of the newcomers was on the list last year as a man it's the first transgender billionaire that be who's that Jennifer pritzer again an air or AIS um who from Chicago exactly from Chicago a colonel who decided um you know to to make so did most of them start their own companies is that how they made yes yes um about more than 2third started completely from scratch of course scratch is relative I mean we do have high school dropouts who create something from absolutely nothing turn around a hard knock's life um but then there are some that you know went to Harvard got their mbas at Harvard uh went to Wall Street and then struck out and started a hedge fund so just how self-made these people are it's a spectrum but most of them did put themselves on the map yeah you have a lot of repeat customers all the time where do CBS This Morning co-host stack up on that list um sorry to say but yes thank you Louisa thank you

- Wealthiest land of billionaires | How many billionaires are there in the USA | USA50: Kind: captions Language: en who is a billionaire how many billionaires are there in the usa a billionaire is a person with a net worth of at least one billion which is mentioned as a thousand million units of a given currency usually of a major currency such as the united states dollar euro or pound sterling the american business magazine forbes produces a global list of known u.s dollar billionaires every year and updates this list in real time the american oil magnate john d rockefeller became the world's first confirmed us dollar billionaire in 1916 and still holds the title of history's second wealthiest individual as of 2018 there were over 2 200 u.s dollar billionaires worldwide with a combined wealth of over 9.1 trillion us dollars up from 7.67 trillion us dollars in 2017. according to a 2017 lock spam report the top eight richest billionaires own as much combined wealth as half the human race as of october 2021 10 people have reached the status of usd hector billionaire meaning that each has had a net worth of at least 100 billion dollars the united states of america as per reports has 724 billion errors in the year 2021. you

- Top 10 wealthiest states USA 🇺🇸: Kind: captions Language: en the nation's annual median household income was $277,745 according to one-year estimates from the US Census bureau's American Community survey but wide variation exists among states the average household income among the 10 lowest performing States was $61,200 lower than the average among the country's 10 highest performing States at $95,600 Mississippi had the lowest annual median household income among states at $54,000 these 10 states are the wealthiest in the country Massachusetts leads the nation with a median household income of $99,800 46 its proximity to Major metropolitan areas like New York City and Philadelphia along with strong finance and pharmaceutical Industries contribute to its affluence Maryland has a median income of $4,388 benefiting from its close ties to the federal government a strong defense sector and a growing technology industry New Hampshire boasts a median household income of 93,676 the state's diverse economy including manufacturing and health care and no state income tax attract businesses and residents alike California has a median income of $ 92,5 se8 its vast economy spans technology entertainment and agriculture making it a significant contributor to the nation's GDP Hawaii's median household income is $92,200 despite its High Cost of Living the state thrives on tourism real estate and Military presence Washington reports a median income of $91,000 with a booming economy supported by Tech giants like Amazon and Boeing along with its Aerospace industry Colorado's median household income is $88,900 combining a vibrant Tech sector a growing Aerospace industry and a strong agricultural Base Virginia has a median income of $88,900

- Every Level of Wealth in 13 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine the world is represented by these bubbles. If we resize them according to the&nbsp; population size, we get this picture. I’m going to rank them from poorest to richest&nbsp; and show you how people live around the world. We’ll start with farmers living with less&nbsp; than 2$/day and climb all the way to Elon Musk And I’m going to make a bet: You probably can’t&nbsp; answer these 2 simple questions about the world. Fewer than 2% of my viewers got them right. Question 1: Where does the majority&nbsp; of the world population live? A) Low income B) Middle income or C) High income countries And 2: Since year 2000, has&nbsp; global wealth inequality: A) Increased, B) Stayed the same, or C) Decreased? Hold on to your answers, we’ll come back to them. This video was inspired by the book Factfullness,&nbsp; and I also took inspiration from these videos I’m going to rank our countries&nbsp; starting at the bottom. According to the World Bank, the 10 countries with&nbsp;&nbsp; the lowest GDP per capita in the&nbsp; world are all African countries. The more the bubbles are to the&nbsp; left, the lower the GDP per capita,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the country with the lowest&nbsp; GDP per capita is Burundi. Let’s see how people live there. The median wage in Burundi is $1.80/day Each woman has an average of around 5 children. Child mortality is high and 5% of&nbsp; children don’t make it to 5 years old Families are large and most of them&nbsp; depend on agriculture to make a living. Most people live in rural areas,&nbsp; often in houses made with mud bricks. The Gapminder foundation documented how families&nbsp;&nbsp; live around the world and made&nbsp; their footage freely available. This family with 1 woman and&nbsp; 4 children had a total income&nbsp;&nbsp; of $0.90 per day They live in a house with no electricity. Light comes from fire, which&nbsp; they also use to cook This family sleeps on a bed made of straw. And this is their toilet. To find water they need to walk to natural&nbsp; sources and carry that water back home Most families in Burundi live&nbsp; in extreme poverty and that’s&nbsp;&nbsp; also true for most people in these countries But so far our chart only includes&nbsp; about 3.6% of the world’s population. I’m going to keep adding more countries until&nbsp; we get to about a quarter of the population. We get mostly African countries,&nbsp; like Ethiopia and Nigeria,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Asian countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh. I’m going to pick Bangladesh&nbsp; and see how people live there. The median income in Bangladesh&nbsp; is 4.78 dollars per day. Each woman has an average of 2.3 children This family has 5 people and they&nbsp; live in a house with a metal roof They have beds They have access to a pipewell, which is how&nbsp; most people get their water in Bangladesh. They have a toilet and a&nbsp; place to wash their hands. They also have basic phones. Their house has electricity, like more&nbsp; than 99% of households in Bangladesh. This may not sound like a&nbsp; big deal but, in Portugal,&nbsp;&nbsp; a high income country and&nbsp; the country where I’m from,&nbsp;&nbsp; if we go back to 1970, only 64% of the population had access to electricity. Some people think that countries like&nbsp; Bangladesh will always stay poor. But&nbsp;&nbsp; the reality is that Bangladesh in some&nbsp; aspects is already more developed than&nbsp; the Portugal my parents grew up in. If we go back to our bubbles and add colors&nbsp; based on the income level according to the&nbsp;&nbsp; World Bank we see that, even though we’re&nbsp; at the bottom 23% of the population,&nbsp;&nbsp; most countries in this chart&nbsp; are not considered low income. Bangladesh is considered medium income,&nbsp; or lower-middle income to be precise. Most of the world population&nbsp; lives in middle income countries,&nbsp;&nbsp; a question that only 27% of my audience got right. I also got it wrong. In 2000, 29% of people lived in extreme poverty . Nowadays that percentage has fallen&nbsp; to less than a third. In a single generation, billions&nbsp; transitioned out of poverty. And while that was happening, another&nbsp; quiet transformation took place Millions of people transitioned&nbsp; out of their poor problem-solving&nbsp;&nbsp; skills with Brilliant, the sponsor of this video. Brilliant is a platform for learning Math,&nbsp;&nbsp; Computer Science, Data Analysis and AI&nbsp; that helps you get smarter every day. The thing about Brilliant is that&nbsp; you learn with interactive examples. So you don’t learn by memorizing lectures,&nbsp;&nbsp; you learn by doing which is a&nbsp; more effective way to learn. Brilliant works on your phone so instead&nbsp; of wasting your commute scrolling on&nbsp;&nbsp; social media you can replace that with&nbsp; a bit of learning every day and make&nbsp; a new habit out of it. There’s thousands of interactive&nbsp; lessons to choose from. It doesn’t matter if you’re a total beginner or&nbsp; more advanced, there’s content for every level. You can try this course to get started with Python Or this course to learn data analysis It includes problems with real&nbsp; datasets from sources like Airbnb You can scan the QR code onscreen&nbsp; or visit brilliant.org/MemeableData&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a 30 day free trial and you’ll also get 20% off Brilliant’s annual premium subscription Let’s keep adding countries until we&nbsp; reach half of the world’s population. We now see India and other countries&nbsp; across Asia, Africa, and Latin America. Let’s see how people live in Indonesia. The median wage is around 6 dollars per day&nbsp; and women have on average around 2 children Most families now live in urban areas, not rural. As countries develop the population tends to&nbsp; migrate from the countryside into urban areas. This family of 4 lives in a house with a bathroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; a kitchen, bedrooms and other amenities&nbsp; we didn’t see in the previous tiers. Motorbikes are a common means of transportation And most people have access to&nbsp; internet and use smartphones We’re entering the richer half of the world. We now get mostly upper-middle&nbsp; income countries from Latin America,&nbsp;&nbsp; Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia, including China. Let’s pick Brazil The median wage in Brazil&nbsp; is about 17 dollars per day And in Brazil women have on average 1.6 children For the first time, we get a fertility&nbsp; rate below the replacement level. Wealthier countries tend to&nbsp; have lower fertility rates Although hunger is still a problem in Brazil ,&nbsp; more people die from obesity than undernutrition. As countries develop, the percentage of&nbsp; obese population also tends to increase. At this level of income it’s now&nbsp; common for people to have a car and a computer Brazil is above the global average,&nbsp; but still far from the world’s richest. If we add more bubbles we start&nbsp; getting high income countries. We’re now at 90% of the world’s&nbsp; population and I’m going to pick Spain. The median income is 41 dollars per day . In countries like Spain most&nbsp; people live in good quality housing They have access to decent healthcare,&nbsp; social security and public facilities At this tier you also start getting the&nbsp; freedom to travel to almost everywhere. A Spanish citizen can travel to a&nbsp; total of 189 countries visa-free.&nbsp;&nbsp; For most of the world, that is not the case. If we look at the passport index&nbsp; of every country, we see that lower&nbsp;&nbsp; income countries have a lower number of&nbsp; destinations they can visit without a visa. The freedom to travel the world depends&nbsp; on the income level of your country. Despite having good living standards compared&nbsp; to the rest of the world, many people in these&nbsp;&nbsp; countries haven’t enjoyed the economic growth we&nbsp; got in countries like Bangladesh or Indonesia. I spoke with economist Branko Milanović,&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the researchers behind&nbsp; a famous chart explaining this. It’s called the elephant curve. On the x axis we have the income&nbsp;&nbsp; percentile of the global population The chart shows how much income has grown&nbsp;&nbsp; across the population in the 20 years up to 2008. The people around the 50th percentile of income,&nbsp;&nbsp; mostly people in Asia, saw big gains. But then&nbsp; for the western middle class the curve flatlines.&nbsp; “people around the 75th eighties&nbsp; percentile of the world income&nbsp;&nbsp; distribution had very slow growth and in&nbsp;many cases actually growth of close to 0% per year over 20 years” And meanwhile, the global top 1%&nbsp; captured a large share of the growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; riding the wave of globalization. In recent years, the curve became smoother,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the pattern still holds: many in the West&nbsp; feel stuck, while much of Asia has moved up. Let’s move higher. In the final 10% of the world population we&nbsp; find the wealthiest countries, such as the U.S. The median wage in the U.S&nbsp; is about 62 dollars per day. Living standards are not super&nbsp; different from the previous tier,&nbsp;&nbsp; but people can afford more things here. Americans tend to have bigger houses, bigger&nbsp; cars and they can buy more things in general. Most Americans are quite rich&nbsp; compared to the rest of the world It is 11 to 12% of Americans who are in the global&nbsp;top 1% and I think many of them don’t realize that. But this doesn’t mean every American is rich. So far we’ve only been&nbsp; looking at country averages,&nbsp;&nbsp; but inside each of these bubbles there&nbsp; are both rich people and poor people. We need to look at the inequality within countries The bubbles now show how much income&nbsp; the top 10% earn in each country. In the U.S, the top 10% earn 47% of the income. The country with highest income&nbsp; inequality is South Africa,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the top 10% get 65% of the income. We’re talking about income, which&nbsp; tells you how much money someone earns. But we should also look at the wealth,&nbsp; the accumulated worth of everything you&nbsp;&nbsp; own. That includes your savings but&nbsp; also your house, your car and your&nbsp; investments, making it arguably&nbsp; a better indicator of inequality. If we switch the chart from income to&nbsp; wealth, the inequality becomes even bigger. South Africa also has the&nbsp; highest wealth inequality,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the top 10% holding&nbsp; almost 86% of the total wealth On the other end, in the Netherlands they own 45% Wealth inequality within countries has&nbsp; generally increased in the last decades. Each country has a different&nbsp; trend, but in the U.S,&nbsp;&nbsp; the top 10% owned 71% of the wealth&nbsp; in 2021, more than 25 years earlier. This number also went up in all&nbsp; of the world’s top 10 economies. This can have negative impacts and several&nbsp; economists argue that the more unequal a society,&nbsp;&nbsp; the weaker its institutions tend&nbsp; to become over time. The World Inequality Report argues that this&nbsp; was not inevitable, but a political choice. They argue that in the 80s, leaders like&nbsp; Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher pushed&nbsp;&nbsp; a series of policies that made private wealth go up and public wealth go down So their argument here is that if governments own less, then in theory they are less capable of tackling inequality. But from now on, we’re not going&nbsp; to talk about countries anymore:&nbsp;&nbsp; we’re entering global wealth tiers. If your wealth is at least 1 million dollars then you’re part of the global 1%. This could mean having 1 million dollars&nbsp;in your bank account or just owning a&nbsp; an expensive house There are 82,000,000 people in this group&nbsp; and they own 38% of the world’s wealth. To make it to the top 0.01% you need&nbsp; a wealth of at least 21 million dollars There are about 800,000 people in this&nbsp; group and they own 11% of the world’s wealth It’s estimated that private jets are&nbsp; used by about 0.003% of the population,&nbsp;&nbsp; which would be about 30% of this group. If your wealth is at least 1 billion dollars&nbsp; then you’re considered a billionaire. There are roughly 3000 billionaires in the&nbsp; world and they own 3% of the world’s wealth. Over the years, the wealth&nbsp; of global billionaires has&nbsp;&nbsp; gone up and the same is true for&nbsp; the people in the previous tier. But one billionaire takes the&nbsp; number 1 position on Forbes As of the making of this video, Elon Musk is the&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest person in the world with a&nbsp; net worth of almost 400 billion dollars Between 2020 and 2024 Elon Musk’s wealth&nbsp; grew at an average rate of $1300/second. If Elon Musk saw a $100 dollar bill on&nbsp;&nbsp; the floor it would literally not&nbsp; be worth his time to pick it up. So now that we’ve reached the&nbsp; top let’s revisit question 2:&nbsp;&nbsp; Has global inequality gone up since 2000? Most of my audience said yes. And that makes sense We’ve seen the rise of billionaires and the top&nbsp; 0.01%, and increasing inequality within countries But the answer, to my own surprise, is C). Global inequality has actually gone down But how is that possible? to be very sort of blunt&nbsp; reducing inequality between&nbsp;&nbsp; Malawi and UK Is much more important than reducing inequality within the uk Although inequality within&nbsp; countries went up in many regions,&nbsp;&nbsp; the inequality between countries has gone down The global top 10% now own 74% of the&nbsp; wealth, which is less than before. And the bottom 50% own 2.1% of the wealth, which&nbsp; is not much, but still higher than in 2000. Developing countries are&nbsp; catching up If we go back to 1990, the bubble chart&nbsp; looked like this. There was a big gap&nbsp;&nbsp; between the rich and the poor and almost&nbsp; 40% of people lived in low income countries. There was a big gap between the rich and the poor. But as the years passed, billions climbed out of poverty and now most of the world&nbsp; lives in middle income countries. This doesn’t mean that people aren’t&nbsp; struggling or that we shouldn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; worry about rising inequality within&nbsp; countries. But personally I also think&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s important that we acknowledge&nbsp; the progress that has been made. Most people, myself included,&nbsp;&nbsp; failed these questions because we don’t&nbsp; have an accurate picture of the world. That's the video for today Thank you for watching! This one took a bit longer with all the data animations. If you were able to get both questions of the survey correct without reading the book factfulness I’m curious about how you did it. If you like stories told with&nbsp; data consider subscribing to&nbsp;&nbsp; the channel and thank you to our patrons.

  Top Comments:
  1. @memeabledata [422 likes]: To try everything Brilliant has to offer—free—for a full 30 days, visit https://brilliant.org/MemeableData/. You’ll also get 20% off an annual premium subscription.

FAQs:
1. Why are the median income values shown so low? And why don't they add up to the GDP if you multiply them by 365?
A) the median income is the income available for the "typical" individual including children and retired people, not just workers. That means children, retirees, and unemployed adults are factored in, which lowers the median compared to the median salary, which only considers those in paid employment
B) the figures are shown in 2017 international dollars PPP, which means they are adjusted to the local cost of living to make it comparable with the other countries
C) GDP per capita is an average (which is skewed up by the people at the top of the curve). Additionally, it includes income from capital (e.g., dividends, rents) and government and corporate income.

Note: I wrongly referred to median income as 'median wage' as explained below

CORRECTIONS:
1:13 - It should be 'median income' instead of  'median wage'
3:15 - The x-axis shows wrong values. The correct values are the ones at 3:28
5:25 - "Most people have access to smartphones". This suggests that people in the previous tiers have no access to smartphones. It reality, Bangladesh as of 2025 has a significant level of smartphone adoption, 63% according to this source: https://www.tbsnews.net/tech/smartphone-users-will-grow-63-2025-report-455654
5:00 -  It should be 'median income' instead of  'median wage'
5:48 -  It should be 'median income' instead of  'median wage'
7:22 - The chart shows the yearly average, not the total growth
8:22 -  It should be 'median income' instead of  'median wage'
9:50 - The y-axis shows wrong values
10:51 - Tier 7 should say top 0.01% (not 0.001%)
  2. @arkineianragudo9865 [1 likes]: Wdym 2.3 children. So get me this example

Kid    kid   k.

That their kids?
  3. @axalamoonmetzelaar2829: Im upper class in the Phillipines but i think im only in middle income in the us
  4. @JoseMorales-c2g7r: I said middel country i staredted smile
  5. @We4re4nonymous: Wow that was incredible positive and motivating
  6. @AbdulrhmanHakami-f3v: How I’m a part of the 1% while my parents are teachers and one of them is retired and most of my brothers are unemployed. I guess this is what it is like to live in a an oil country
  7. @allanjim3: Enjoy this quote while watching; ‘comparison is the thief of joy.’ If you’re wealthy, you may feel guilt. If you’re poor, you may covet wealth.
  8. @ChethankumarMb-n1x: 1.5 billion people , more struggle,poverty, corrupted politicians, where 80% of ministers r uneducated rules the nation increases the family welth that,s INDIA whether live like SHEEP/ die like brave LION....
  9. @JD-kf2ki: Who has done the artwork for this video? Brilliant
  10. @The.Frenemy: 12:10
Q1: I picked B ✅
Q2: I picked B also ❌ Correct: C
  11. @Ananant369: That ad transition was smooth
  12. @FortuneGuide-f4f: The  fact that we can watch these video
  13. @SamIncome: that brilliant
  14. @Chickenwithrice2000: I am wondering how any of those get and buy food. If someone in africa has steady food and somebody in the USA struggles to get a meal is he poor or more poor then the other, although he lives nicer in general?
  15. @maaztauseef7500: All praise be to God.
  16. @ClimbnFish: The income per day doesn’t line up with the annual income at all.
  17. @lollosprizz2760: Not on earth bot on Mars yes
  18. @jknight_95: im uk
  19. @Angel_Yūki-01: So basically the way I see things is that all these poor countries will eventually have to sign to become States of the United States giving us total control over them and bringing the 1st world, which includes, business, industry, capitalism, and commerce with them. This solves this problem. These countries will have to sign to become states and follow federal and state laws.

This gives the federal government full control over that country's land and resources, which then further incentivizes us to set up industrial and manufacturing plants while also employing these 3rd world citizens. Then these 3rd world citizens can begin to make a profit and the Unites States of America gains territory, resources, and both industrial and manufacturing capabilities on a wider global scale.
  20. @Zuzu-f2e: 1B, 2A

- The Wealthiest Family in Possession of America: Kind: captions Language: en imagine a wealth so vast that it could redefine the very concept of luxury a fortune that stretches Beyond borders and generations let's unveil the enigmatic tales of the world's top 10 richest families where family wealth transcends the boundaries of imagination number 10 Bettencourt Myers family France allow me to introduce you to the Bettencourt Myers family the driving force behind the global Cosmetics Empire L'Oreal a staggering net worth of approximately 45 billion dollars the Bettencourt Myers family holds an enviable position among the world's wealthiest but their influence goes far beyond their Hefty bank accounts their association with L'Oreal the largest Cosmetics company on the planet has allowed them to shape the very essence of beauty and personal care Trends worldwide L'Oreal founded in 1909 has become a symbol of innovation luxury and quality in the Cosmetics industry and at the helm of this Behemoth stands the Bettencourt Myers family who have played a pivotal role in propelling L'Oreal to the Zenith of success from makeup to Skin Care hair care to fragrances L'Oreal's product range covers every aspect of beauty and personal care and it's the bed in court Myers family's Keen guidance that has ensured the company's unwavering dominance in the global market their commitment to Excellence combined with a Relentless pursuit of research and development has allowed L'Oreal to stay at The Cutting Edge of beauty trends but the family's influence doesn't stop there their dedication to ethical and sustainable practices within L'Oreal has set a shining example for the entire industry by investing in environmentally friendly initiatives and promoting inclusivity the Bettencourt Myers family has not only solidified L'Oreal's position as a responsible corporate entity but has also struck a chord with consumers who value conscious consumption so the next time you apply that perfect shade of lipstick or indulge in a luxurious skin care routine remember that behind these moments of beauty lies the vision and Leadership of the Bettencourt Myers family their wealth and influence have transformed L'Oreal into an Empire that sets Trends captures hearts and empowers individuals to embrace their unique beauty number nine bullringer Von bombach family Germany meet the bow ringer or vom bombach family a Powerhouse in the pharmaceutical industry with a net worth approaching a staggering 50 billion dollars their influence stems from their control over boehringer engelheim a global pharmaceutical company at the Forefront of groundbreaking drug development in various therapeutic areas bullringer ingelheim founded in 1885 has a rich history of scientific excellence and a commitment to improving the health and the well-being of people around the world under the guidance of the bow ringer and Von bombach family the company has become synonymous with Innovation research and life-saving medications this family's Vision has driven both lowering your ingelheim to develop cutting-edge drugs that address critical medical needs from cardiovascular diseases and respiratory disorders to oncology and Immunology their research teams have been tirelessly dedicated to pushing the boundaries of Medical Science the family's leadership has guided boehringer ingelheim through times of immense growth and expansion today the company operates in over 100 countries providing access to life-saving medications to millions of people worldwide their commitment to Quality and patient-centric care has earned them the trust of Health Care Providers and patients alike number eight Dumas family France in the world of luxury one family stands out as the epitome of style sophistication and unrivaled craftsmanship the Dumas family with an estimated net worth of approximately 60 billion dollars they have made an indelible mark on the global luxury industry through their ownership of the iconic brand Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton founded in 1854 by Louis Vuitton himself has grown from a humble luggage manufacturer to a symbol of luxury that transcends borders and generations the Dumas family stewardship has propelled Louis Vuitton to unparalleled Heights cementing its status as one of the most sought-after luxury brands in the world under their guidance Louis Vuitton has expanded Beyond its renowned luggage line to Encompass a wide range of fashion and accessories from Handbags and shoes to apparel and jewelry each Louis Vuitton creation exudes impeccable craftsmanship attention to detail and a Timeless appeal that captivates Discerning individuals worldwide from breathtaking locations to Exquisite design and impeccable service their hotels embody the essence of the Louis Vuitton Brand number seven wertheimer family France meet the wertheimer family the creative forces behind the Timeless elegance and Allure of Chanel the renowned fashion house that has captivated the world with a staggering value of approximately 65 billion this family has solidified their position as Visionaries in the realm of luxury goods at the heart of the wertheimer family success lies their unwavering commitment to maintaining the exclusivity and Allure of the Chanel brand founded by Gabrielle Coco Chanel in the early 20th century the fashion house revolutionized the industry with its sophisticated designs and avant-garde approach since their acquisition of Chanel in the 1920s the wertheimer family has skillfully guided the brand through the ever-changing landscape of fashion they have nurtured its Evolution while staying true to Coco Chanel's original vision of timeless style and impeccable craftsmanship the family's commitment to Excellence extends Beyond fashion design they have meticulously curated a team of Artisans Craftsmen and designers who uphold the highest standards of quality and craftsmanship this dedication to Perfection has earned Chanel a revered status among fashion connoisseurs and A-list celebrities alike number six Hermes family friends in the enchanting realm of luxury there exists a family that has woven a tapestry of Elegance and craftsmanship for Generations meet the Hermes family a Dynasty worth approximately 80 billion dollars renowned for their iconic luxury brand Hermes step into the world of Timeless fashion and accessories and discover the secrets behind their unrivaled success with a history dating back to 1837 Hermes has become synonymous with sophistication and impeccable craftsmanship the family's unwavering commitment to Excellence has captivated the hearts of discerning clientele across the globe from their Exquisite leather goods to their stunning silk scarves every Hermes creation is a masterpiece that stands the test of time number 5. embani Family India the Ambani family under the leadership of Mukesh Ambani commands a staggering Fortune of approximately 90 billion dollars making them one of the wealthiest families globally their Association with Reliance Industries a conglomerate involved in petrochemicals refining and Telecommunications has played a significant role in their accumulation of wealth and influence Reliance Industries founded by derubai Ambani Mukesh ambani's father has grown into a behemoth in the corporate world the company's Diversified portfolio encompasses multiple sectors with its petrochemical and refining divisions contributing to India's energy infrastructure additionally reliance's foray into the Telecommunications industry with Geo has revolutionized India's digital landscape providing affordable internet access to millions and transforming the way people connect and communicate education is a significant focus of the ombani's family's philanthropic Endeavors they have established educational institutions and initiatives that aim to provide quality education to underprivileged children and Empower youth with the necessary skills for a brighter future by investing in education the family recognizes its potential to uplift communities Foster Innovation and drive societal progress number four al-side family Saudi Arabia the al-sad family of Saudi Arabia holds a prominent position not only as one of the world's richest families but also as the ruling royal family of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with an estimated net worth exceeding 100 billion dollars their wealth is primarily derived from the country's vast oil reserves which have played a pivotal role in shaping the global energy Market Saudi Arabia situated in the heart of the Middle East holds the world's largest proven oil reserves making it a vital player in the International Energy landscape the al-sad family has custodians of these reserves has held significant influence and control over the production pricing and distribution of oil exerting a profound impact on the global economy since the discovery of oil in Saudi Arabia in the 1930s the al-sad family has effectively managed the country's resources to transform it into a modern and prosperous Nation they have actively pursued policies to develop the oil sector attract foreign investments and diversify the economy Beyond oil through initiatives such as Vision 2030. number three Coke family United States in the realm of American Business Titans there is a family whose wealth and influence soar to extraordinary Heights enter the Koch family with a net worth of approximately 125 billion dollars they have etched their name into the annals of Entrepreneurship and cemented their place as one of the most influential families in the United States at the heart of their empire lies Coke Industries a colossal conglomerate with interests spanning across energy chemicals manufacturing and more the family's unwavering dedication to Innovation and the razor-sharp business Acumen have been the driving forces behind their meteoric rise Koch Industries operates in diverse sectors ranging from oil refining to pipeline systems from fertilizers to ranching and from commodity trading to Consumer products their portfolio encompasses a vast array of Industries each contributing to their wealth and influence stepping into any Koch Industries facility you're instantly immersed in a world of industrial Marvels their factories hum with the energy of cutting-edge Machinery their employees passionately working towards Excellence it's a testament to the family's commitment to Quality and efficiency but what sets the Koch family apart is their indomitable entrepreneurial Spirit they are not content with simply maintaining the status quo they constantly seek out New Frontiers and innovative solutions their ability to adapt to changing Market demands has propelled them to the Forefront of their respective Industries number two Mars family United States let's dive into the captivating story of the Mars family renowned for their confectionary Empire worth an astonishing 200 billion dollars when it comes to indulging our taste buds the Mars family has become a household name they are the master Minds behind some of the most beloved confectionary brands in the world picture yourself unwrapping a delicious Mars Bar sinking your teeth into a Snickers or delighting in a colorful crunch of M M's these iconic Treats have become synonymous with moments of joy and delectable satisfaction however the Mars family's influence extends far beyond the Realms of chocolates alone with the Keen entrepreneurial Spirit they have Diversified their business ventures to include pet care products and other food-related Industries it's safe to say that their recipe for success is not limited to Sweet Temptations pet lovers may already be familiar with Brands like pedigree and whiskus yes you guessed it right they are part of the Mars family's portfolio their 4A into the Pet Care industry has been a resounding success catering to the needs of our beloved furry friends with nutritious meals and specialized products number one the Walton family United States the Walton family heirs to the Walmart Empire are the wealthiest family in the world with a net worth surpassing 250 billion dollars founded by Sam Walton in 1962 Walmart has become the largest retailer globally the family's wealth stems from their significant ownership stake in the company allowing their fortunes to soar Walmart's success is attributed to its emphasis on low prices and excellent customer service with thousands of stores worldwide Walmart generates substantial Revenue solidifying the family's Financial Supremacy despite occasional criticism the family has engaged in philanthropy through the Walton Family Foundation the Walton family's influence extends Beyond Walmart shaping the Retail Landscape and inspiring other entrepreneurs their legacy in the business world is unparalleled would you agree to choose the United States as the home of the wealthiest families or would you go with France let me hear you out in the comments section don't forget to like And subscribe to the channel and turn on your notification Bell that will be all for now we'll see you next time

- 5 of the Wealthiest Families in American History Where’s Their Money Now: Kind: captions Language: en five of the wealthiest families in American history where is their money now one The Rockefellers John D and William Rockefeller Jr founded Standard Oil in 1870 by the 1880s the brothers were among the richest Americans in 1916 John de Rockefeller became America's first billionaire his net worth was $1.4 billion at the time of his death that's the equivalent of$ 21.7 billion in 2024 Rockefeller was also a generous philanthropist most of what's left of his family fortune is kept in charitable trusts the family's Collective net worth today is $10.3 billion but it's divided among hundreds of descendants in 2017 David Rockefeller died at age 101 he was the last living grandchild of Johny Rockefeller he was also the world's oldest billionaire worth 3.3 billon ion two the pulitzers Joseph Pitzer was a publishing magnate he was the one who established the famous Pitzer prize he also founded the Columbia School of Journalism his grandson Peter drove it all off the cliff Peter bought an 800 acre Citrus farm that failed he had to be bailed out by his ex-wife's new husband when Peter divorced in 1982 he was worth $25 million now is citrus Farm is mortgaged he doesn't appear in Forbes rankings three the Gettys J Paul Getty was once the richest man in the world the Getty family fortune was legendary but then it all went downhill J Paul had five sons all from different mothers three of them died before him J Paul gidy died at a Siri mansion in 1976 he left behind a Fortune of around $5 billion it's the equivalent of $27 billion in today's money only a fraction of his wealth was Beed to his family most of the money went to the jul gy trust it's now the world's wealthiest Art institution Gordon Getty Jay Paul Getty's fourth child is the richest family member today he's worth $2.1 billion for the Vanderbilts Cornelius Commodore Vanderbilt was a guilded age Legend when he died in 1877 he had around $100 million like gold Vanderbilt started off with railroads he later expanded to steam ships the Commodore left a prominent Legacy of philanthropy but his offspring did not follow the patriarch's lead generations of Vanderbilts bought up plxy cars and mansions they gambled like there was no Tomorrow there's nothing left anymore not even a trust fund Anderson Cooper is the late Glory of uil's son he received most of her Fortune her estate was only worth $1.5 million when she died in 2019 five the golds J gold was one of the wealthiest men ever the 19th century magnate ruled American railroads gold was the epitome of a Gilded Age Rober Baron he sold out his associates and bought powerful allies he played the stock market like it was his own business Jay's oldest son George inherited the family fortune but the $77 million did not survive the 1929 stock market crash when George died he was worth $30 million his children received only $5 million the rest went to his creditors

- The USA Wealthiest Individuals: Kind: captions Language: en wealthiest people in the U.S my favorite is number one and seven what's your favorite number one Elon Musk 180 billion dollar number two Jeff Bezos 114 billion number three Bill Gate 135 billion number four Larry Ellison 119 billion number five under 17 billion number six Larry Page 117 billion dollar number seven Warren Buffett 115 billion dollar number eight Sergey bring 113 billion dollars number nine Steve baldman 99 billion dollar number 10 Michael Bloomberg 69 billion dollars what do they have in common

- The Monolithic Economy of The U.S.A: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is the United States of America the wealthiest most powerful nation on the planet by a very respectable margin the sheer scale of the United States wealth and influence is really really hard to fathom even for macro economists sure there are GDP figures and trade balances and labor force figures but they are best for telling the story of a normal national economy and the United States is far from that it's consumer retail sector is bigger than all but nine of the largest national economies in the world California one of its states has a bigger GDP figure than the United Kingdom and the US has 49 more where that came from the US economy goes beyond this though it is the foundation for the world economy in the 20th and the 21st centuries and it's influence isn't caused by something so old-fashioned as Empire but rather industry today US companies can be seen donating industries and economies all over the world and at the same time foreign companies from Europe and Asia fight endlessly to break into the US market the largest and most influential consumer market in the world the US economy is too large with too many facets to explore in a short video enough to be blessed by the YouTube algorithm so we will be making this as a video series but for now in this video I want to explore how the United States got to where it is today what made the United States so special has to be wealthier than the bottom 100 countries on earth combined 20 times over in many senses it didn't really have anything going for it over a lot of other countries found at around the same time and under the same circumstances America has a large land mass with lot of resources sure but so does Russia Canada Brazil and Australia but they don't hold a candle to the wealth of the USA America has a large and very productive population and sure that India and China have populations four times that of the USA and while they are large economies in their own right they are still nothing on the scale of the USA America is home to the greatest modern capitalistic market in the world that drives and rewards innovation in industry and again this is true but many markets in many countries exist like this in the world today and for the most part the consumer market as a result of America's extensive wealth rather than what caused it to really understand unbelievable success we must first understand the country's unbelievable history America as we know it really got going on July 4th of 1776 when it claimed independence from the British Empire which is a position many many countries have been in before but America was the first and it was a bit more of an ordeal than most countries had when they told the motherland that they were moving out on their own gaining independence even been the first of the bunch to gain independence from England was nothing really that special in and of itself plenty of countries have done this to varying degrees of success the first real boon that set America on the path of prosperity came from a genius bit of forethought by its leadership at the time god-emperor Washington Washington had won the war of independence and was so wildly popular with his citizens of the newly founded United States that he could have very easily become a monarch if he had wanted to instead he decided that all that hereditary leadership business was a bit sixteenth-century and set up a two-term limit for presidents and with the founding fathers a lot of the basis for the democratic system of the United States today the big deal here was that this was the first successful transition of a democratically elected government ever when Washington passed the role of president to John Adams sure the system was not yet perfect John Adams was Washington's vice president at the time and the whole voting was only open to white male landowners but it was still a democracy and it worked as intended which was a huge deal most countries in the world today still get democratic elections awfully wrong and civil wars and mass civil unrest is not uncommon when beloved and tenured figures die or are voted out or are hmm politely asked to leave office this all sounds very political and it is but the idea of having a constant system of successive leaders and governing bodies that is not impacted by a life or death of a single individual is hugely stabilizing in an economy in European countries at the time if the monarch died the leadership of that nation went to the Monarchs firstborn son no matter how young or ill-equipped for national leadership he was and this was the best case scenario worst case scenario was that there was a major disagreement about who the legitimate leader of the country was and the whole country was a big Chamizal for an extend to 100 years this is the first big benefit of a good democracy it is stable President of the United States is technically the most dangerous job in the country eight presidents have died while in office four of which were from natural courses and four of which were let's say job-related injuries but none of these deaths caused civil wars or protests or power vacuums it was obviously unfortunate in all instances but the head of state position just went to the vice president who filled in until the next general election for any regular Channel viewers you may know what I'm about to say next stability is the foundation of a good economy and a good democracy is a very very stable system you don't have to worry about civil war or mass protests every 40 years after the latest ruler dies off it is just business as usual a democracy adds more to the economy than just ability though it adds social mobility and Europe around this time the Industrial Revolution was starting to take off steam power is making the work of many of the work of a few and people who were once farmers could produce much much more value by working in a factory this was all well and good but for the average worker as really just business as usual no matter how hard one worked there was a very strict social hierarchy and it was rare for people to break that mold their Parliament was filled with lords and Earls and Dukes and that was presided over by a king or queen the factories were owned by the same people that owned the farms that the workers toiled on before this ultimately stifled innovation and productivity for every James Watt and George Steffensen that made steam engines and railways they were probably a hundred children that never got the opportunity to invent or create as they were thrown into work at very young ages the United States at this time was not industrializing at the same rate but for citizens of the country there was far more opportunities for private enterprise brought about in part due to the system enshrined into the creation of the country itself this private industry and self managed innovation was also supported by another genius bit of forethought by the founding fathers when you think of the US Constitution you tend to think of the big stuff the rights to religion free speech a fair trial and an ar-15 but the founding fathers were more meticulous than just that when they were planning out freedom land they added a lot of Asterix scissors a big one was on the First Amendment to the Constitution which covers the right to religion and free speech one of the asterisks is to that free speech deal was that the Congress shall have the power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries basically you can say whatever you want as long as it wasn't something that someone had put in a story or in an invention before securing this was a huge boost to creation as a career endeavor previously invention had pretty much been the domain of the rich and well-educated similar to creating a piece of art you are unlikely to make much money off it but it may have earned you some extra respect amongst your chums at the weekly high tea table with the American system though the promise of wealth was a huge incentive for anybody to try their hand at creating something that could produce value and while it can be argued that money may not be the primary motivator of people looking to create a better steam engine or the most bendable TV show it is certainly a consideration and something that America has cultivated very well especially when you consider it in conjunction with the social mobility that we have explored earlier America's foundation of free enterprise social mobility stable democracy and a cultivation of technical advancement was all well and good but it didn't really get it anywhere early on between its independence in the 1900s a period of over 100 years it was still outpaced by more established European economies going through their own Industrial Revolution but this was more or less to be expected in this time the infant country went through dozens of conflicts a civil war expanded all the way from coast to coast and went from 13 states to 44 with six still to come but you can't really hold that against them it wasn't to say the American system was bad for the most part it was brilliant but if you put Usain Bolt at the age of 10 on a race track chances are even I an aging overweight or comas could beat him down 100 meters and who actually not nevermind but you still get the point establish countries like France England Belgium and the like we're also just out ahead by virtue of their vast foreign colonies that allowed them to expect resources from foreign nations America didn't really partake in that not to say there was Saints or anything but it just wasn't the type of industry that they were in by the early 1900's this all turned around though industry had been important since the Industrial Revolution but it had grown and grown to become the deciding factor of world economies rather than how much spice or teeth could grow or export by this time America had gone through its own Industrial Revolution it was a properly unified a massive country with huge swathes of arable farmland enormous deposits of oil and increasingly valuable and useful commodity access to the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans for trade and friendly neighbors with both Canada and Mexico but even all of this might not have meant much by itself we have seen time and time again on this channel how countries can squander every natural resource and geographical advantage they are given but the United States didn't they combine these undeniable advantages with good fundamental economics that were revolutionary at the time but are mostly taken for granted around the world today the United States was once a British colony and ever since they have been a bit weird about the whole colonialism business America rose to prominence around the same time colonialism was becoming uncool but today America is a nation that is more intertwined with other nations than any other colonial power ever was in the next video in this series on the United States we will look into how this nation has created a global Empire for itself not through conquest and exploitation but rather globalization and cooperation in the meantime I have a few announcements for the channel I have finally given in and started a patreon page for the channel this is in the hope to raise enough money to hire a full time video editor that will be able to go beyond my learn as you go technique with Adobe Premiere so yeah if that is something that you're happy to consider it would be greatly appreciated the next announcement is that I'm out of hospital and I will be able to host the Q&A session again this week so come and join the discord server if you want to participate in that or watch the YouTube livestream that I will be linking in the video description half an hour after this video goes up thanks guys bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @EconomicsExplained [87 likes]: Thanks for watching EE nation! ❤️  If you enjoyed, please consider supporting the show on Patreon! 😎
See new videos early, participate in exclusive Q&As, and more!
➡️ https://www.patreon.com/EconomicsExplained
  2. @scorpiovenator_4736 [3 likes]: Hopefully the US can make it to $30 trillion  GDP by 2030
  3. @albertfromsd [1 likes]: GW had nothing to do with 2 term limit. It was only after FDR served 4 terms it became something to be addressed
  4. @channelyoururl [1 likes]: We've done such a great job showing the rest of the world how to trash the planet and cause catastrophic climate change.
  5. @ihabhatim5825 [1 likes]: Yet you failed to mention the one BIGGESTreason the US is richer than other countries : massive slavery.

By the time slavery was abolished, the US was already the most powerful nation.
  6. @Terrill-p5v [1 likes]: When you are a victim of your own brainwashing in school the white version of America now let's tell the real truth the removal and killing of women and children and Men of native tribes the enslavement of Africans 400 years of free labor beaten hanging and selling of African people kids women men etc can we go on and I got a lot of more God is making judgement of America and he is freeing his people...❤
  7. @lowellwalter9420 [1 likes]: I don’t think monolithic is the best word to use to describe the US economy.
  8. @victoradebanjo3565 [1 likes]: 9:49 Venezuela catching strays
  9. @MarkCliffeIsGay [1 likes]: 8:10 did you say we gained our independence in the 1900s? Did I miss something?
  10. @elijahgardi7501 [1 likes]: Legendary
  11. @tommykebschull9439 [1 likes]: Actually, America industrialized just behind great britain. The rest of europe did not have an industrial advantage over america at pretty much any point. The GDP per capita of Americans have always been comparable or higher than the average european, even at the height of europe's power. Only that America's population was low (relatively) until the late 1800s. At that point, the USA overtook Britain and China as the biggest economy and kept multiplying since then.
  12. @streetframeart [1 likes]: Who is the next world monopolist?
  13. @JohnGaltAustralia [1 likes]: You left out free labour from slavery and the Military Industrial Complex
  14. @alexcheetah79: How is that economy looking now?
  15. @TheFiscalBlueprint: This is great!
  16. @manavkamadiya5710: What is the title of 2nd video??? 

I want to complete that part
  17. @samueldouglasmoraescosta3421: i'am brazilian and don't understand about the economy american, but if be a thing or a plan good it's welcome
  18. @yaredoyg-f2b: Where is the second part of this video plis help
  19. @Adamkami123: End of America theory is a part of science fiction.
  20. @JohnWick_BW: "This nation has created a global empire for itself, not through conquest and exploitation but rather globalisation and cooperation"

England are you listening to that?

- Prince Salman's Daughters: The Richest Kids in the World: Kind: captions Language: en What do you get when your dad is one of the richest men alive? Private jets, goldplated playrooms, and billion-dollar luxury. That's the reality for Prince Salman's daughters. In this video, we're diving into the lifestyle of these young royals. So lavish even fairy tales can't compete. Trust me, you won't believe how they live. What it means to be MBS's daughters. After coming of age, Prince Salman, popularly known as NBS, assumed several positions in the inner workings of Saudi political affairs. He went from becoming the youngest defense minister in the world, crown prince, deputy prime minister, and de facto ruler of Saudi Arabia. Away from these roles and the heavy demands of being in power, MBS is a father of five children from his longtime marriage to Princess Sarah bint Mashure bin Abdulaziz al-Saud. MBS's children are Prince Salman, Prince Mashure, Princess Fda, Princess Nura, and Prince Abdulaziz. Prince Salman's daughters are pretty much shielded from the outside world, but are crucial individuals of Saudi Arabia's royal structure, though their lives remain private. Princesses Nora and FA have enjoyed an ultra-privileged life since their parents ushered them into the world. The young princesses belong to the bloodline of an oil rich nation known as one of the largest crude exporters in the world. They enjoy a lifestyle steeped in luxury, backed by the royal family's estimated $1.4 trillion wealth derived from oil, real estate, and investments. Additionally, they have access to their father's net worth of approximately $25 billion. Thanks to their father's elite taste in luxury, Nura and Foda have experienced some of the most coveted properties on Earth. One of them is the Chateau Louie 11th, a modern masterpiece built to reflect 17th century grandeur. The price, a jaw-dropping $320 million, the Chateau covers over 50,000 acres and is a short distance from the historic palace of Versailles, reflecting the prince's love for luxury and extravagance. The Chat Lou 11th is not just a home. It is a masterpiece of architecture and design. Its interiors are adorned with state-of-the-art technology and lavish amenities that redefine what it means to live in luxury. The estate features a wine celler capable of holding 3,000 bottles, a private movie theater, and two grand ballrooms. One of the chat's standout features is its underwater meditation room, a serene escape surrounded by koi and sturgeon in the castle's moat. This unique space offers a tranquil environment for peaceful contemplation, a luxury that only a trillionaire could afford. Above this, a Kurara marble statue of Louis the 14th stands guard, reminding everyone of the historical inspiration behind the estate. The grounds are equally impressive, featuring a complex that stretches over 1.2 mi with gilded statues and a garden designed to rival the majesty of Versailles. The Chateau Louie 11th is also a high-tech marvel, allowing control of lighting and water features with a tap on a smartphone. This blend of oldworld charm and modern convenience creates a living experience that is both luxurious and cutting edge. The estate is a perfect example of how Prince Salman seamlessly combines tradition with innovation, creating a space that is both timeless and contemporary. Beyond the shadow, Prince Salman's palatial residences in Saudi Arabia further exemplify his taste for luxury. The Alyamar Palace is a masterpiece of design, featuring Italian marble floors and intricately carved ceilings and walls. Every detail within the palace is meticulously crafted with furniture that is exceptionally comfortable and elegant, fit for royalty. The palace is a haven of luxury, offering a retreat where the prince can escape the demands of his public life. The Urka Palace is equally impressive, filled with highquality furnishings and luxurious details that enhance its elegant atmosphere. The artwork on the walls is carefully chosen to complement the palace's design, creating a harmonious blend of art and architecture. Even everyday items in these palaces, such as goldplated Kleenex dispensers, reflect a lifestyle where simplicity is transformed into luxury. Prince Salman's properties are not just confined to Saudi Arabia. His influence extends globally with luxury apartments in New York City, including a penthouse at 432 Park Avenue, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world. This penthouse is more than just a home. It is a symbol of his presence and influence on the global stage. Each property in his portfolio is a testament to his ability to blend luxury with functionality, creating spaces that are both beautiful and practical. Prince Muhammad bin Salman's lifestyle is woven with threads of art, culture, and unparalleled luxury. When your dad is one of the richest and most powerful men on the planet, your walls don't get the usual live, laugh, love poster from Teu. Nope, they get Da Vinci. Prince Muhammad bin Salman is not just about oil and politics. He also has a serious eye for art, the kind that comes with a price tag the size of a small country's budget. Take the famous Salvatore Mundi painting by Leonardo da Vinci, for example. The prince allegedly dropped over $450 million on it. That's not a typo. That's an entire blockbuster movie budget on a single canvas. The painting's acquisition was shrouded in mystery with fierce competition from the Qatari royals, hence the need for anonymity. Now, what does this mean for his daughters? Imagine growing up thinking Da Vinci is a family friend. Their version of hanging a painting is watching palace staff in gloves carefully mount centuries old masterpieces next to the flat screen. And instead of fingerpainting in art class, they're strolling past Monet originals on their way to breakfast. They don't just enjoy art, they live in it. Their rooms are probably curated like a mini Lou, only with better lighting and personalized gold name plates. And when they host parties, guests get appetizers, music, and a casual peek at a priceless sculpture chilling in the hallway like it's no big deal. The prince may be the one buying the art, but his daughters are clearly the ones enjoying the vibe. It's luxury, sure, but with a museum twist, one where the gift shop is a private jet, and the security guards are armed with more than walkie-talkies. Prince Salman's passion for art extends beyond the Salvatore Mundi. His collection includes a range of exquisite pieces that reflect his refined taste and appreciation for beauty. Each artwork in his collection is carefully curated, showcasing his ability to blend historical significance with contemporary relevance. This dedication to art is a testament to his desire to preserve and celebrate cultural heritage while also embracing modernity. Complimenting his art collection are Prince Salman's luxurious yachts, Pegasus and Serene, which redefine elegance on the high seas. If there's one thing richer than oil money, it's yacht money. They feature top-notch amenities, including helipads, indoor swimming pools, spas, and because why not, a submarine. Naturally, Nora and Far get first class access to these floating palaces. Birthday parties on the yacht. Girls weekend on the yacht. Casual sunset dinner, you guessed it, on the yacht. While the rest of us are figuring out how to book a cabin on a cruise deal site, they're deciding which Mediterranean port to stop at for gelato. And forget about beach towels and sunscreen. These yachts have butlers, chefs trained at Michelin star restaurants, and a DJ booth for spontaneous dance parties. You think your Spotify playlist slaps? Try listening to it while sipping gold flaked mocktails in international waters. Pegasus, acquired in 2014, is not just a yacht. It is a kingdom on water. This floating palace features interiors that resemble a golden dream with every chair resembling a throne and tables that seem to shine brighter than the sun. The yacht's amenities are legendary, including a spa with 24 karat gold infused oils, a gym more advanced than an Olympic training center, a cinema, and dining areas fit for a king or a small army. The cost of this maritime marvel was a cool $200 million pocket change for the crown prince, the Serene. Originally owned by vodka tycoon Yuri Sheffer, the Serene makes the Pegasus look like a rowboat. This massive yacht, measuring 134 m long, is more luxurious than the entire French Riviera. It hosts up to 24 guests in stateooms that make Buckingham Palace look basic. The Serene is a world of its own with amenities that include a spa, gym, movie theater with a screen visible from space, an onboard helicopter, and a submarine for underwater adventures. Now, let's shift gears. In the world of luxury automobiles, few collections can rival the opulence and diversity of Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman's car collection. This extraordinary assemblage of vehicles is not just evidence of his immense wealth, but also a reflection of his passion for speed, style, and cuttingedge technology. his daughters. They're not just posing next to the cars, they're basking in the rare opportunity of riding in them. Prince Salman's stunning garage houses a Bugatti Chiron, a supercar that stands as a pinnacle of automotive engineering. With a top speed of 261 mph and the ability to accelerate from 0 to 60 in a mere 2.4 seconds, the Chiron is a marvel of speed and precision. Priced at $3 million, this masterpiece of design and performance is a fitting symbol of the Prince's love for the extraordinary. The Chiron's sleek lines and powerful engine make it a standout in any collection. And for Prince Salman, it represents the ultimate in luxury and performance. Another gem in the Prince's collection is the Lamborghini Aventador. A car known for its aggressive design and exhilarating power. The Aventador's V12 engine delivers a heartpounding driving experience, making it a favorite among those who crave speed and excitement. The McLaren P1 with its hybrid technology and track ready performance showcases Prince Salman's appreciation for innovation and sustainability. This limited production hypercar combines electric and gasoline power to deliver an exhilarating ride. Reflecting the Prince's forward-thinking approach to luxury, adding a touch of classic elegance to the collection is the Rolls-Royce Phantom. A car renowned for its timeless design and unparalleled comfort. The Phantom's handcrafted interiors and smooth ride make it a symbol of luxury and refinement. For Prince Salman, the Phantom is more than just a car. It is an experience of opulence and sophistication. Each detail, from the plush leather seats to the meticulously crafted dashboard, speaks to the artistry and craftsmanship that define Rolls-Royce. The Prince's collection also includes the Ferrari LaFerrari, a hybrid supercar that combines breathtaking performance with cuttingedge technology. He also owns a Mercedes-Benz Gwagon. Moving further into the realm of luxury, Prince Muhammad bin Salman's private jets stand as unparalleled symbols of opulence and sophistication. These airborne palaces are not just about getting from one place to another. They reflect the prince's penchant for the extraordinary. Each jet in his fleet is a masterpiece of engineering and design, offering a glimpse into a world where luxury knows no bounds. Prince Salman's aviation fleet consists of his custom Airbus A380, a flying palace that redefineses the concept of luxury travel. This aircraft, which costs a staggering $450 million, is a marvel of modern engineering and design. Inside, the Airbus A380 is a world of its own. Featuring a concert hall, a Turkish bath, and even a garage for the Prince's cars. The interiors are designed to the Prince's exacting standards. With every detail meticulously crafted to provide the ultimate in comfort and elegance, complementing the Airbus A380, is the Boeing 747. Another masterpiece of aviation that has been transformed into a private haven for the prince. This jumbo jet, typically a symbol of commercial aviation, has been customized to offer the ultimate in airborne luxury. The interiors are a blend of modern design and traditional elegance. With every detail reflecting the prince's refined taste, the Boeing 747 offers a range of amenities designed to provide the utmost comfort and convenience. From spacious lounges to private suites, the jet is equipped to meet the needs of the most discerning traveler. The dining area with its gourmet kitchen allows the prince to enjoy exquisite meals prepared by top chefs, while the entertainment system offers a wide range of options for in-flight entertainment. the rich family history. Now, let's talk about where all this wealth comes from. Because Prince Muhammad bin Salman didn't just stumble upon a treasure chest. He was born into one the size of the Arabian Peninsula. It all starts with oil. Back in the 1930s, Saudi Arabia discovered that its deserts weren't just good for sand. They were sitting on one of the largest oil reserves in the world. The discovery of oil was the result of a partnership between the Saudi government and the California Arabian Standard Oil Company, a precursor to what would become Saudi Aramco. This collaboration was initiated by King Abdul Aziz who recognized the potential of oil to transform his nation. The agreement allowed the American company to explore and extract oil in exchange for a share of the profits providing the kingdom with a muchneeded source of revenue. The oil reserves beneath Saudi Arabia were among the largest in the world and the revenue generated from their extraction catapulted the house of Saud into the ranks of the world's wealthiest families. The newfound wealth enabled the royal family to consolidate their power, invest in the kingdom's infrastructure, and embark on ambitious development projects. Saudi Aramco, the crown jewel of the Saudi economy, stands as a monumental symbol of the kingdom's wealth and influence. Its significance to the Saudi economy cannot be overstated. The company is the backbone of the kingdom's financial stability, generating the lion's share of government revenue. Its operations account for a substantial portion of the country's GDP and its exports are a major contributor to the kingdom's trade balance. The origins of Saudi Aramco can be traced back to the California Arabian Standard Oil Company, which struck oil in the Dharmam Dome near Dhran. This discovery marked the beginning of a partnership that would evolve into Saudi Aramco, a name derived from the Arabian-American Oil Company. Over the decades, Saudi Aramco has expanded its operations, becoming a vertically integrated oil giant with activities spanning exploration, production, refining, distribution, and marketing. Saudi Aramco's significance to the Saudi economy cannot be overstated. The company is the backbone of the kingdom's financial stability, generating the lion's share of government revenue. Its operations account for a substantial portion of the country's GDP, and its exports are a major contributor to the kingdom's trade balance. The revenue generated by Saudi Aramco has funded the kingdom's ambitious development projects from infrastructure to education and healthcare transforming Saudi Arabia into a modern nation. The company's success has provided the House of Saud with a steady stream of income enabling them to maintain their opulent lifestyle and exert influence both domestically and internationally. The royal family's control over Saudi Aramco has allowed them to leverage the company's resources to further their strategic interests both within the kingdom and on the global stage. As the world's largest oil producer, Saudi Aramco's decisions on production levels and pricing have far-reaching implications affecting economies and energy policies worldwide. This influence has enhanced the royal family's standing on the international stage, providing them with a platform to shape global affairs. Beyond the vast oil reserves and the monumental success of Saudi Aramco, the Saudi royal family has strategically diversified its wealth through extensive real estate holdings and a myriad of investments across various sectors. Real estate is a cornerstone of the Saudi royal family's wealth. The House of Saud owns vast tracks of land within Saudi Arabia, including prime real estate in major urban centers such as Riyad, Jedha, and Mecca. These holdings are not merely residential or commercial properties. They include some of the most prestigious and strategically located parcels of land in the kingdom. The value of these properties has soared over the years, driven by the kingdom's rapid urbanization and economic growth. In Riyad, the capital city, the royal family's real estate portfolio includes luxury hotels, shopping malls, and high-end residential complexes. These properties generate substantial rental income and capital appreciation, contributing significantly to the family's wealth. The development of these properties has also played a crucial role in transforming Riyad into a modern metropolis, attracting businesses and tourists from around the world. The royal family's real estate interests extend beyond the borders of Saudi Arabia. They have invested in luxury properties in some of the world's most sought-after locations, including London, Paris, and New York. These international holdings not only diversify their investment portfolio, but also provide a hedge against fluctuations in the oil market. The royal family's global real estate investments are a testament to their strategic foresight and their ability to capitalize on opportunities in the international property market. In addition to real estate, the Saudi royal family has made significant investments in various industries, further enhancing their wealth and influence. They have stakes in major corporations across sectors such as finance, telecommunications, technology, and entertainment. These investments have provided the royal family with additional streams of income and have positioned them as key players in the global business arena. One notable example is the public investment fund, PIF, the sovereign wealth fund of Saudi Arabia, which is closely linked to the royal family. The PIF is like the royal family's piggy bank, except instead of coins, it holds billions in global assets. The PIF owns stakes in everything from Uber to football clubs. If it's profitable, shiny, or famous, chances are the PIF has a piece of it. In its early years, the PIF played a crucial role in the kingdom's economic growth. By investing in key sectors such as energy, transportation, and telecommunications, the fund helped to build the infrastructure necessary for a thriving economy. These investments were aligned with the broader goals of the Saudi government which sought to diversify the economy and reduce its dependence on oil revenues. As the global economy evolved, so too did the PIF strategy. In the 1980s and 1990s, the fund began to expand its focus beyond domestic investments, exploring opportunities in international markets. This shift was driven by a recognition that global diversification could provide greater financial returns and reduce the kingdom's exposure to oil price volatility. The PIF's international investments during this period were primarily in traditional sectors such as real estate and financial services, reflecting a cautious approach to global markets. The 21st century marked a new era for the PIF as the fund embraced a more aggressive and diversified investment strategy. Under the leadership of Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman, the PIF has been transformed into a global investment powerhouse with a renewed focus on high growth sectors such as technology, entertainment, and renewable energy. This transformation is a key component of vision 2030. The kingdom's ambitious plan to diversify its economy and reduce its reliance on oil. One of the most significant changes in the PIF's strategy has been its focus on technology and innovation by investing in companies like Uber, Lucid Motors, Alphabet, and Microsoft. The fund is positioning Saudi Arabia as a leader in the digital economy. These investments are not just about financial returns. They are part of a broader strategy to foster innovation and technological advancement within the kingdom. By partnering with some of the world's most innovative companies, the PIF is gaining access to cuttingedge technologies and insights that can drive economic growth and diversification. So, what does all this mean for the youngest royals like Princess Nura and Princess Fod? It means their playroom has probably seen more wealth than an entire Wall Street office. These little princesses aren't just rich. They're born into the kind of wealth that makes fictional princesses look underfunded. While most kids play with plastic tiaras, they're toddling past real crown jewels. Their bedtime stories might be read from gold leaf books under crystal chandeliers. And don't be surprised if their first words included something like diversified portfolio. The future of Prince Salman's daughters. So, what lies ahead for Princess Nora and Princess Fa? Aside from diamond tiaras and glittering galas. Well, if their royal relatives are anything to go by, these little princesses are in for a future of big titles and even bigger boardrooms. Several women in the Saudi royal family already hold powerful roles in business, philanthropy, education and government. Think ministers, CEOs, and highlevel advisers with serious influence and enviable handbags. One of them is Princess Reema Bint Bander Al-Saud. Remma has carved a unique path that blends diplomacy, education, sports, and philanthropy. Princess Al Jawara bint Talal Saud and Princess Sora bint Saud al- Saud are two remarkable figures within the house of Saud each making significant contributions to business innovation, fashion and philanthropy. Princess Al Jara Bint Talal Saud is a visionary leader whose work in business innovation has garnered international recognition. By the time Nura and Father are old enough for career talks, they might have to decide between launching a global fashion empire, chairing a royal fund, or maybe even founding a space agency. Because why not? with private tutors, access to the world's best education, and a network that could call a sultan for references. Their LinkedIn profiles are going to be wild. While the little princesses rule the golden halls of Riyad across the pond, there's another little royal making waves with tiaras and headlines. Meet Princess Charlotte of the British royal family. She may be tiny, but her bankability is huge. Like fashion empire, huge. Princess Charlotte is already one of the richest kids in the world. Experts estimate her potential net worth at over $3 billion. Yes, with a B. That's thanks to her influence in the children's fashion world known as the Charlotte effect. If she wears it, it sells out instantly. She's basically a mini influencer with a crown. Her inheritance is no joke either. With royal estates, jewelry, and a cut of the family fortune, Charlotte is set for life and then some. She's also third in line to the British throne, which means she could one day be the ruler of England with a royal wave and a killer wardrobe. So while Princess Nura and Princess Fod are living their best lives in Saudi palaces, Princess Charlotte is doing the same thing British style, different castles, same level of sparkle. While most of us worry about losing Wi-Fi signal, MBS's daughters worry about things like which Picasso looks better in the study or should we take the jet or the yacht this weekend? It's a different world, a shinier, more curated, goldplated world. Sure, they were born into privilege, but hey, if you're going to live a life of excess, you might as well do it with taste. And Da Vinci, a Lambo, and a 400 ft yacht definitely count. As for the rest of us, we'll just be over here googling free virtual museum tours and pretending our scented candle is luxury living. As we reflect on the remarkable journey of these young princesses, it is clear that their influence extends far beyond their years. They stand as a symbol of the modern royal families, blending tradition with contemporary relevance. And their story continues to unfold, promising even greater impact in the future. Click the next card on your screen to learn more about what the Middle Eastern royals and all that the affluent world entails. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lattex86 [1 likes]: انا سعوديه ✌🏻🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦
  2. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  3. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: Vaaaav, vaaaaaaaav, ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  4. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: 🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂😢😅😊
  5. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: Vaaaav, vaaaaaaaav, 🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  6. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: İnşaallah, amin, ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  7. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: Çekirdek partisine  zimmetliyelim. 🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  8. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: Babacığım, ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  9. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: İnşaallah, amin, vaaaaaaaav, vaaaav, ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  10. @NurcanSevgen-x5z [1 likes]: ❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  11. @JawaraIndonesia-f1i: Jawara Indonesia
Titip kabah tempat ibadah kami
Dn tempat memohon berkah sapaat
nabi ❤
  12. @JawaraIndonesia-f1i: Jawara. Indonesia
Hormat. Saodi arab apa kabar
Tenang sajah kami Islam dukung
Yg penting ikut kami  😊
  13. @sham-m6f7e: The once King kiss kafir ass....the once..
  14. @iD.Blackjack: ...Before people start to accuse me of being 'jealous' etc. try to understand what I am intending to relay. If people have earned money, yes it is right for them to enjoy their wealth however they want. But what cracks me up is the idea of stealing wealth. The wealth belongs to the people. These Ministers, 'kings' are paid by the State a salary for the service they provide. You cant be taking the wealth as 'your own'. Look at the UK. The salary is collected by a means of tax . We are not living in a medieval era. And what has this fool done for the so called 'kingdom'. They cant even manufacture a water tap. Everything, including a great deal of food is imported. The country remains poor. They keep investing in properties abroad. Why are you people not spending the same money in your own people, research, development etc. It is true that the desert [God] gave the (Arab's) probably the most valuable commodity there is, 'black gold' (oil) . The  

crowning irony is that it is given to the most unwise people on the planet.
  15. @helen5472: The opulence is overwhelmingly. Don’t those Princes ever get tired and bored with all the constant attention? No privacy or sharing  wealth.
  16. @hjohnson148: Trump said he kissed his ass
  17. @YolandaZagalgallardo-d5i: 🦂🦂🦂🦤🦤🐔🦢🦢🦢🦢🐔👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🤑🤑🤑😝😝👻👻👻
  18. @NurcanSevgen-x5z: Mucuk,mucuk partisine zimmetliyoruz .❤😂🎉😅😊🇹🇷🇸🇦🇪🇭❤😂🎉😅😊
  19. @chandrasekarchandraseksr3818: This video is beautiful. I can stop hair fall. Regrowth new hair naturally. If you given a chance i can come Saudi Arabia. Thank you.
  20. @SisiliyaNandani: 💞🥀💞💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞💞💞💞🥀💞🥀💋🥀💞🥀💞💞💞🥀💞🥀💞🥀💞💞🥀💞🥀💞👍